 I 've tried about five different litters for my ferret , and this one really works well at keeping odours down . I also love the fact that I can just throw it all out my door into the woods . No point in filling up the landfills with bio-degradeable organic wheat grass !
 This product works on cat odor better than all I 've tried . It is safe for my cats and me . Cost is much less than other alternative litters . I like the no dust and tracking too.I would recommend it to all who want no odor and safe , earth friendly products in their life .
 These connectors are great . I use a mix of CritterTrail and SAM funnels , but the connectors from both Crittertrail and SAM are n't very secure and for my complicated tunnels , they break apart all the time . I got some habitrail connectors with the maze I bought and I love them . I ordered extra ones to replace the crittertrail ones I 'm using in any location that requires additional security . I highly recommend these connectors .
 I had the opposite experience as the earlier review -LRB- which has since been deleted -RRB- - I thought these were far sturdier , in thickness of plastic , and method of attachment together - than the regular OVO habitrail parts I have.But I mainly wanted to write up just to warn others who might , as I did , order these for a dwarf hamster . They are too small - really mice sized , as stated , or for a robo dwarf hammie , but that 's it . I know OVO finally came out with a dwarf hamster kit , but their pieces are n't widely available yet for purchase separately , and I 'd hoped to use these to expand . My djungarian , despite being classified as a dwarf , would not fit down these pipes without a dangerous looking squeeze.They look similar , online , to the way they 've shrunk down the tubes for the OVO dwarf set - but they 're not . Smaller than I though once I saw them in person.I 'd recommend them for robos and mice owners heartily , however . Wish I had had them when I had my super active little robos . There have put more nobs and ` rungs ' on the inside to help them climb up that the add-on expansion tubes I used to have.The attachments do generally click on to the other OVO sets , but not quite as easily as the hamster OVO parts . The interlocking rings are stiffer and more difficult to snap locked/unlocked . Just be careful they 're really attached if you 're mixing sets , so you do n't have a tragic fall or escape on your hands -LRB- not within the tube - that was firmly attached together , the two halves , as far as I was concerned - I mean between other parts -RRB- .
 The background was delivered promptly . No wrinkles , no rocks nor plants , just plain blue and black -- which is perfect . Took me a bit to figure out how to order 48inch x 28inch piece . You just have to put an order for 4 items -LRB- 4feet = 4 x 12inch -RRB- .
 This was a bit taller than my tank , so I made sure to put the darkest blue section starting at the bottom and used a razor to trip the top excess off . I did n't want the background to be too brightly exposed . I used simple double-side tape all along the parameter of the back side of the tank to apply this with no ripples . Make sure to clean the glass well or otherwise dirt/prints will show up once the background is applied .
 Great product ! i had read the reviews and was worried it would come in 4 sections because of the odd ordering process but it didnt . it came in a 4 foot piece rolled up neatly . i read other reviews 1st and saw how to order otherwise i wouldnt have understood . when you order 1 item , it is only 299 for 1 foot . so you just up your ` items ' to 4 . -LRB- for a 55 gal tank for example -RRB- . Thanks ! : -RRB-
 Looks great and they gave a lot of extra length on it for me to cut off . What else is there to say ?
 This works perfectly.I bought it to add depth to my aquarium and it did just that . I wanted the black but the reverse being blue gives me options . When used with the stealth black tubing it really works well .
 Got ta have one if you have chinchillas . This was perfect - came before I expected , was carefully packaged so it was in perfect shape . And while I already knew why and how to use it , the directions were simple .
 i recently bought two chin-chillers for my chinchillas , and am so happy i did !! although it has not yet reached the warmer months since i bought the product , i have not needed to put it in the fridge or freezer and it has remained cold , so i do n't know if i 'm supposed to . the chinches love them , and i often see them taking naps and snoozing on them !! my two chinchillas will sometimes sit side-by-side on one chin-chiller , but if they are going to stretch out or sleep it is really only big enough for one at a time . but no problem , i bought two !!
 Very easily fits into and chin house . My chinchilla loves and and spends alot of time with it . Very easy to clean .
 This product is precisely what is described . A granite slab . It does its job well , keeping chinchillas cool . The only complaint about it is the price . You can go to a supply store and grab a slab of granite or marble etc for a ton less , especially if it 's a scrap slab or was destined for the trash and they do n't have to cut it or anything . They may even give it to you free if you tell them what it 's for because it 's too small to use for anything . But , if you 're like me and do n't want to deal with people then this is the next best thing . Next time I will make the extra effort to go to a store that sells countertops/material and the like though , I 'm not too fond of wasting money.It is good if you have a super pet cage though with those horrible plastic shelves . The stone fits nicely on an end of the shelf . Chinchillas are likely to eat the plastic and since they ca n't digest it it just sits in their GI tract , blocking other food from being metabolised . I do actually have a super pet cage with the aforementioned horrible shelves , but thankfully my chin does n't chew the plastic as I 've watched her in it for weeks now . I plan on replacing the shelves anyways in the near future . Just a word of caution to you chin owners out there .
 The Chin-Chiller itself is a great item . My little guy sprawls out on it when he gets too warm and keeping it in the fridge beforehand helps it stay cooler longer . Overall it 's a good buy!My only qualm was when I opened the box , one out of the two I had ordered had broken in half . A layer of bubble wrap around each probably was n't sufficient protection . That being said , I would still recommend this to anyone who 's chinchilla needs some extra help keeping cool but be prepared for the potential of receiving a broken one .
 I purchased one of these online from Petsmart.com and I received it with one corner broken off so they sent me a replacement for no extra cost ! So , now I have two and can rotate them out every so often -LRB- I place them in the refrigerator for a couple hours and they end up extra chilly -RRB- ... I would rate them four stars because it 's a GREAT product but in the end it IS just a piece of ganite ... My chins sit on it occasionally but not a whole lot to make it worth this price . It did make me feel better to have this in their cage when our power went out for a few hours . Definitely a must have for all chin owners !
 I gave this product a 4-star because I think my chins could do without this . Although it 's still feels like winter here , my chins really do n't care for this stone . I 'm hoping they will decide to use it in the summer , but still have my doubts.Wanted to update this review ! I am still leaving it at 4-stars but wanted to let you all know that my chinchillas have decided they love this stone ! I placed it inside one of their houses and they sleep on it every day ! I actually purchased another one because since it is becoming summer I keep one in the freezer and change them out to keep my chins cool !
 My chin loves to lay on this block when it 's warm . My room gets very warm during the day so I pop this into the fridge at night and put it into the cage while I 'm gone during the day . She is perfectly happy and healthy . We both love the chin-chiller !
 Very good price . Packaged arrived ahead of schedule . I will definately be buying more products here . A +
 we live in a hotter climate so i tend to see my chinnie sitting on this most of the time ; i am clutz and have not broken this yet . also very easy to wash !
 This product is a must for any chinchilla owner as they can easily overheat without it . Simply keep one in fridge and one in cage and swap them out during the warmer days . Great product and easy to clean .
 This is a hard one to review . The quality is fine , but I ca n't really say for sure that my chinchillas care about it much or spend much time sitting on it . Still , it would definitely keep them a bit cooler if needed . Heavy and sturdy .
 It looks nice is quite large . and stays very cool even right out of the box . It 'll keep my chinchillas Lunch and Gummi cool Year round .
 I bought this because I was concerned about the high heat we 've been having in Maine this summer and when I was at work I could n't keep an eye on my Guinea Pig . I put it in the freezer when I got it to cool it down a LOT , then put it in her cage before I left for work one day that was predicted to be over 90 degrees . When I got home my husband -LRB- who 'd gotten home 2 hours earlier -RRB- told me that our piggy had been lying on the stone since he 'd gotten home napping ! She seemed happier and livelier and squeeked for extra food that night so I 'd say this stone does a good job at keeping small animals cooler . One note
 I bought three of these and I hve them on every level of the cage . Whereever the chinchilla is you can bet it is siting on one of these rocks !! Also it pitches them off the levels and he hasnt broke any !!
 when i first opened up the chin-chiller i was a bit skeptical and disappointed . it literally is just a granite slab . i gave it to my chin not expecting much of a reaction , but was overjoyed to see him use it almost all of the time ! he now sleeps on it , sits and just hangs out on it , and everything ! my room gets really warm since i do n't use central ac and now he seems so much happier since he has a place to chill out . great !!
 these are the perfect size even for the largest of my male dwarf campbells and essential for my robovsky dwarves as they can not climb standard tubes very well at all but can run these verticall or otherwise
 much better than the plastic variety , heavy duty with grooves on the bottom for more security , the clips on the spring are a little difficult , but other than that they are great !
 I have a 150 gallon tank , and I have 2 of these filters ... and they work perfect.No Complaints
 I 've used this filter -LRB- along with an external canister filter -RRB- on a 55Gal tank with 5 adult Xenopus clawed frogs.It is a sturdy pump than can tolerate the lower water level needed for amphibians or reptiles.Worked pretty good for the first 5-6 years , then started to make noise and often would n't start up automatically after a power failure.I bought new impeller and installed it and that helped for about a year . After that it seems that the interior shaft receptacle was scored and worn and even the new impeller would rattle and gurgle.Considering that the repair was half the cost of a new pump , I 'd suggest a total replacement when it wears out.I know nothing lasts forever , and I ca n't really fault this pump for wearing out . I am actually buying another to have on hand as a backup .
 I bought the emperor 400 about a month ago . This is a good filter but I gave it four stars because it is noisy . I took it apart a couple of times thinking there was something stuck in the propeller . I tried moving the intake tube around but it still makes a humming noise . I thought of returning it a couple of times since the seller has 60 day return policy . I probably got a damaged item . It Does what it is suppose do to keep the water clean . I recommend it but if you set your system and it starts to makes noise return it because the noise will not go away .
 I 've used a pair of Emperor 400 filters on a 75 gallon tank continuously for the past five years or so . So far , neither has needed attention other than filter changes and recently , new impellers . After five years , the constantly spinning impellers had worn their shafts and bushings to the point where they made a rattley noise , although they still moved water effectively . Replacing the impellers was an easy repair , and restored the unit to almost total silence . The filter may actually now be quieter than when it was new , as there appeared to be a slight design change in the new impellers when compared to the old ones . The loudest sound is that of water returning into the tank , which varies from almost inaudible to a gentle splashing sound , depending on whether the water level is above the level of the return chutes or below them . The tank is located in the living room where I watch television , and I 'm never distracted by the sounds of the filters.For almost anyone , a single Emperor would provide adequate filtration , however at the time I purchased them , I had seven huge goldfish in the tank , who produced vast quantities of waste matter . Eventually the goldfish grew too large for the tank and were relocated to a pond in the backyard , and the tank was restocked with a variety of colorful tropical fish.The big selling feature for the Emperor 400 is the dual biowheels , which provide a highly oxygenated living space for beneficial bacteria to colonize . These bacteria help remove some of the waste products which the fish produce , resulting in healthier fish , and extending the time interval between water changes , and thus reducing maintainence of the aquarium . Other filters have alternative methods of providing biological filtration , but the biowheel is so effective that it can keep nitrates at an undetectable level . The Emperor filters , both the 400 and the 280 , have an adjustable spraybar above the biowheels . Water falling onto the wheels from the spraybar helps insure that the biowheels never stop turning , and allows the user to adjust the speed at which they turn . The standard Penguin filters have biowheels , but no spraybars , and so the biowheels only turn by the action of water flowing beneath them , with no adjustment for speed . I 'm still using the original biowheels which came with my filters , with no end in sight . I 've never even cleaned them or seen any need to do so.These filters are made of a black , slightly flexible plastic which seems to be less brittle than the transparant material used on some other filters . I used to use the original Marineland brand replacement cartridges , but have since found that some aftermarket filter pads for the Emperor are made with a reuseable frame which snaps together on either side of the filter pad . This allows the user to purchase filter floss in a bulk roll . When the filter pad becomes clogged , I simply cut new floss pads to fit the frame , making the cost of renewing filter pads extremely low.As others have mentioned , each filter has four slots for filter cartridges . And the Emperor 400 comes with two refillable media containers which can occupy two of those slots , if you choose to use them . They can hold extra carbon , zeolite , or other material . I have mine filled with porous ceramic noodles.The Emperor 400 has a control for water volume , so you can turn it down when feeding your fish , preventing all the food from being sucked into the filter . After the fish have finished eating , the volume can be set back to `` high '' , however I have left it in the second slowest postion for weeks at a time , and the fish seemed to be content . I have found that if the volume control is not moved for a long time , it tends to accumulate mineral deposits and become stiff . So , I turn it down every day when feeding , then turn it back up a couple of hours later . Also , if the power is interrupted while water volume is turned down , the filter takes longer to prime itself and begin pumping properly . If power fails when volume is turned up , the filter restarts with no problem when power is restored.The Emperor 400 comes with a cleaning brush for the spray bars and an extension for the water intake to be used if you have a very deep tank . My own tank is fairly deep , and the extension would bring the intake nearer the bottom , however I do n't use the extension , and filtration seem fine.When setting up an aquarium , it should be born in mind that the closer to a natural habitat you can get , the healthier your fish will be and the less maintainence will be required . My own tank is set up as follows : Two inches of `` Eco-Complete planted aquarium substrate '' soil purchased in sealed bags at the local store AquariumConnection . The soil is intended for use in aquariums with live plants , which feed on some of the wastes . In the soil , there are approximately 20 Anubis plants scattered around the tank . The fish love to swim between and around the leaves , or hide behind them . From time to time , eggs are laid on the leaves of the plants . The bright green leaves stand out in vivid contrast against the nearly black soil . Two 15 watt fluorescent lights provide illumination to stimulate photsynthesis in the plants.I strongly recommend that you do NOT use any type of gravel , colored or otherwise , as food falls down into the gravel where fish can not reach it , and where it rots and fouls the water . If you choose to use gravel , you MUST vacuum the gravel on a weekly basis , and your water still will not be as clean . Gravel equals more work and dirtier water . Sand is better than gravel as food can not fall down into the sand , but sand still does n't provide nutrition for live plants . Use Eco-Complete soil or something comparable , both you and your fish will be happier.I also recommend that you do NOT use any type of undergravel filter , as these will also require frequent vacuuming , and eventual dismantling of the tank to clean beneath the filter plate . With the Emperor , you wo n't need additional filters . And again , undergravel filters equal more work and lower water quality . I NEVER vacuum the soil , and only perform a 20 % water change every couple of weeks . I change filter pads when they become clogged , usually every couple of months.The fish themselves consist of a number of cory catfish , who snuffle around through the soil and pick up whatever falls from above . There are as well golden tetras , cardinal tetras , redline tetras , silver dollars , danios , flying clouds , and mollies , and one otocinclus catfish . Some of the cory catfish are grandfathers several times over , and have grown to a large size in the five years or so they have lived in this tank.I feed them once each day , around 6:00 pm . Supper consists of several spirulina wafers , plus a pinch of flake food about the size of a nickle , which I crush between my fingers to produce many very fine particles.To sum up , the Emperor 400 is an efficient and durable filter which will help provide good water quality and healthy fish .
 The Emperor Power Filter 400 is one of the more robust/heavy duty hang on filters that are on the market.Strengths
 I have been using this system on a 55 gallon tank for almost 12 years . I replaced one unit after 7 years . I figure 7 years running this 24/7 is pretty good reliability . I can not say enough about this filter . My aquarium 's water quality is always solid . I have kept a variety of fishes over the years ; Oscars , African Cichlids , Convicts and tetras . I can tell you , that I am sold on the Emperor . When I get a bigger aquarium , I will get another Emperor.Great stuff and easy to use . I find it very quiet and effective .
 As far as the quality of this filter I see no difference in quality between the new and the old . These filters are the best on the market as far as im concerned . They give you extra large filter cartridges , extra large media container and the biowheel which is the best as far as biological filtration . They are also durable and dependable . The flow control as far as I can see they did take that part away but i never used it anyway . I have mine in my bedroom and i love the sound of the trickling water . These filters are not what i would call noisy .
 from older versions . Noisier , lacks flow control , but much less costly than before as well . Still works very well for the price , if you do n't mind a little noise depending on location .
 I purchased the Marineland Emperor 400 power filter for usage with a 46-gallon aquarium . My aquarium already had a Top Fin power filter , which works fine , but I wanted an additional filter for better filtration and backup in the event of filter failure.I selected the Emperor 400 primarily due to very good reviews and because it allows usage of additional filter media . I have been using crystals in the secondary filter compartments to remove ammonia more effectively . The Emperor 400 also has two biowheels for better bacterial growth . My aquarium water is very clear , and the fish appear to be very healthy with this setup.The unit assembles easily . Extra tubing comes with it for tall aquariums . A special brush is included to facilitate cleaning of the tubing . The filter compartments are huge , and the package includes two carbon-based filters . The movement of the biowheels is adjustable . There is no on/off switch , which is a negative -- I like to turn my power filter off while feeding the fish . One of the impressive and noteworthy points about this power filter is you can purchase many parts separately should the need ever arise . I was surprised to see replacement biowheels available at PetsMart and at many online dealers even though the Emperor manual says they should never need replacement.Overall , I am very happy with this purchase . Anyone wanting a power filter for their aquarium should consider the Marineland Emperor 400 . It costs a little more than other power filters but has better features and product support .
 this was the perfect unit for my 75 gallon fish tank the unit is very powerful . but some might say a tad bit noise ... If you have a problem sleeping with a ticking clock in the back ground then this unit will deffenentally keep you up all night ... Over all the fish are very happy
 A friend of mine recommended to buy this filter b/c it 's easy to clean and maintain , does a great job at cleaning the tank , and has bio wheels to establish bacteria for the tank . So far I have had it I had no trouble , it works great and is very quiet . The propeller is also easy to remove compared to other filters . I forgot to mention that when I opened the box it was ready for use . I recommend buying this product .
 I have had this aquarium filter in a 44 gal tank running 24/7 -LRB- except when I feed the fish for 5 minutes -RRB- for the last 14 years . This is a very robust power filter since we have electricity surges due to summer storms , and the Emperor filter is unaffected , even when a near lightening strike wiped out a TV & PC about 5 years ago . I do wish they had put an on/off switch on the cord , so I would n't have to unplug it while feeding the fish . I will be replacing the impeller since it has been getting noisier for the last 5 months .
 I 've had this filter for almost 20 years , but lost it in the last house move , so I 'm buying another one . I like being able to see through the smoke plastic side to see if crud is building up . It uses magnets to spin the propeller , so there is no seal to leak when it is taken off the base . i make my own filter media by putting activated charcoal in a nylon stocking . Makes it cheap to run and lasts for months . Powerful and reliable .
 I keep an adult red-eared slider semi-aquatic turtle who is very very very messy ... like most turtle owners I have struggled to keep the water clean over the years -LRB- frequent water changes - replacing filter cartridges having been a must . -RRB- My previous filter was destroyed by the turtle and I started looking online for a replacement . I wanted a high performance filter . I bought this filter about a month ago and have been amazed since then . I keep the animal in a pre-formed pond liner in my kitchen with around 60 gallons of water . I have not so far have had to change the water -LRB- just add some -RRB- and it is clear and free of odors . The carbon in the filter really does wonder at purifying and the blue sleeve catches the debris very well . I have replaced the sleeve twice and the carbon once in a month time . The bio wheels are I think a must for turtles as they oxygenate the water and create more movement . I had to modified the set-up a bit in order to instal it on the pond liner instead of an aquarium , which took a little time , but so far have had zero problems . I highly recommend this product to anybody who takes care of turtles . It is powerful , quiet and very well made .
 `` Ok , here is the l-o-n-g and short of it ... bare with me and all your worries will be allayed ~ this canister filter is a miracle IF you take the time to inventory your parts , get to know the equipment included and TAKE YOUR TIME in the initial set up !!! Background ~ we have a 75 gallon goldfish only tank -LRB- yup , the dirty little critters -RRB- . But this tank is our family 's pride and joy . We have two $ 30 goldfish in here - a tri-color Ranchu and a Metallic Veil Tail Fancy - along w / a Chocolate Moor , a Black/White Telescope , an all White Fancy and an all Gold Fan Tail.Step 1 - inventory ALL your equipment . This took me almost 2 hours but I wanted to make sure everything was in the box that was supposed to be . Cross referenced with what the part did in/on the filter . Found one small broken piece but realized it would not alter set up.Step 2 - FOLLOW THE DIRECTIONS WORD FOR WORD and DIAGRAM FOR DIAGRAM . Do not rush through this ! I can not stress this enough . It took my daughter and I about 3 hours to fully set this bad boy up . Due to some of the other reviews , we really made sure to follow along so as to not make errors.Step 3 - Perform regular maintenance . We do a 10 % water change weekly and a 40 % water change plus filter clean monthly -LRB- i.e. foam slip clean/replacement , carbon/ammonia media replacement , tube clean -RRB- . Side note ~ please , please , please follow the starting of the pump word for word . You have to get all the air out of the canister or it WILL BE AUDIBLE . After you have gotten most of the air out , there will , undoubtedly , be a little bit of air left . Just let it run and by the next day , it will be gone . This has been our experience every time we have had to turn it off and open it up . This is no biggie ! Remember , this IS a filter with water running through it ... it is NOT going to be totally silent ! It sounds like a filter . I find the sound of running water soothing , but that is just me . I have this in my living room where we `` live '' and the sound does not affect my working from home in that room , us watching TV or sitting at the dining room table eating dinner -LRB- it is literally within 5 feet of the table -RRB- . It does have a mind of its own and some days are quieter than others -LRB- can not quite explain this -RRB- but it never is so loud as to be distracting and some days we have to check if it is even running.Our tank has never been cleaner . Even my husband now enjoys watching the fish . The tank literally looks like there is no water in it except for the bubblers and a power head providing aeration for our fishy friends.Another side note ~ I personally think the `` water polishing cartridge '' is a waste . We did try to change out the carbon/ammonia media and put it in but , honestly , did not make a difference . This DOES run louder as the filter does not fill the canister up fully so more room for water to rush around it . If you truly want a polisher , then I suggest the smaller Marineland HOT Magnum Hang On the Tank Canister as a supplement . But I do n't see the point.My amateur advice is always have a filter that is twice the recommended gallons required and your tank will be cleaner , regular maintenance will be lessened , your fish will be happier , and the joy of owning an aquarium will be increased!I am going to buy a second one for my 46 gallon Euro Tank.I HIGHLY recommend this filter and my fish do too ! Just make sure you do your part and maintain it !!! > -LRB- * o * -RRB- < -LRB- fish face -RRB- ''
 We are located in Colombia , south america , where this filter is hard to find . The filter is little to medium size , but in 48 hours makes your water so clear that the fish look like flying on air ... We use it to clean our tanks , it does a great cleaning job , this filter is ready to use , it comes with activated carbon , hoses , etc. . . all you need is a little hose cutting -LRB- to match tank hight -RRB- , and plug the power cord ... The filter has been working for over a month now ... absolutly NO problem ! Weve changed the normal cartridge to the `` Polishing '' one ... just amazing ! ... We breed discus and sometimes betta fish , having 7 discus in a 250 lt tank and the water quality raise so much that one new pair started spawning after polishing the water . the other tanks we own where passed thru the filter with excelllent results ! , clear `` new looking '' water pronto.Clean water = Healthy and happy fishThe only messy thing ive noticed is in the moment you want to open the filter for mainteinence and you where using the activated carbon recipient ... well that recipient ant the filter ` s top -LRB- where you connect the hoses -RRB- unite strongly ... so when you open the filter , you have to be carefull because with the filter 's top comes the recipient 's top and you can spill some carbon ... tough its easy to clean and we find it very practical .
 I 've had this filter installed on a 55-gallon aquarium for over 13 years , without a day of difficulty . It was a bit of effort to set up , but not what I would consider unreasonable . I took the time to install the quick-connects - entirely worth it come cleaning day . It takes about 10 minutes to clean this filter , and I do it maybe 6 times per year . I do n't have any trouble keeping the lid on the media container as long as the sponge sleeve is replaced , and it is put in the canister before filling with water . I have replaced the seals and gaskets once at minimal cost . The sponge sleeve is inexpensive to replace and lasts years if handled with care . I also have 2 bio-wheels on a separate pump and course sponge prefilters on all intakes . My aquarium is heavily planted -LRB- need to thin regularly -RRB- with a medium to low population of medium to large fish . I also have a 10 + year-old HOT Magnum on a smaller tank , and it too performs extremely well . I have never used another filter for this aquarium , because I have never needed to .
 Great filter have used it for 9yrs on 100 gal fresh water still runs great but the bottom of the housing that the manget spins in wore out -LRB- spining manget came in contact with housing -RRB- cant complain for 9ys of good use.Buying a new one today .
 This filter does a great job of keeping my turtle tank clean ! I highly recommend it , just do n't be overwhelmed with the set up . It does take some time .
 I ordered this 6 months ago and I am satisfied with it . It is easy to install and maintain . My only problem with it is its output ... I have it filtering a 55g freshwater tank with one 6in Oscar Cichlid . After a few weeks of use it 's water output decreased ... even after I cleaned out the unit and pipes . Even with the low water return it still is doing its job . I use the polishing filter insert and I am amazed at what it collects . The bio wheels are working wonderfully . The carbon insert for the filter broke after a few weeks ... but I dont need to use it for an Oscar anyways -LRB- it purifies too much ... even the good bacteria . . leaving an Oscar open for things like Hole-in-Head -RRB- . It primes easily as long as the canister is filled with water . If you are hesitant on purchasing this I say buy it ... it will do the job .
 I highly reccommend this product you ca n't beat it for the price.It is a little tricky to set up however it is worth the effort.I have it installed on a 30 gallon tank . you need to get the pro filter because of the bio-wheels . Necesary for biological filtration . I have had the filter for over a year . I change the chargoal every 2 months . the foam sleeve will last through several cleanings if rensed properly . I have read negative reviews sounds like the directions were not followed . Be shure and follow the directions . You should have no problem .
 once you finally get it going it really is a super filter they just need to make the media chamber more studrdy , it took me over an hour to get it to syay assembled to fill with the carbon!other than that its a great mechanial and biological filter , and the siphon gravel cleaner worked great!just have patience it will definally pay off
 I 've been using a regular magnum 350 for about 10 yrs & it still works but this was an awesome find ... too good of a deal to pass up ! So glad I did ... i love it & i have n't even used the biowheel or polisher !! I love this model , it 's awesome , quite/easy to set up & just what u would expect from a magnum filter !! I 'm so glad I upgraded to a ` PRO ' & it was actually cheaper on Amazon than a regular ! Such a bargain & I 'm so happy - it 's my best internet purchase by far !! Go for the PRO ... lol .
 It was apparent that this product was opened , and repacked . I found one piece broken , and one piece missing , both mounting brackets/clamps . Fortunately , I did not need either , as one happened to be unnecessary in my case , and the other , I had a used one . The 350 pro system as a product , is awesome . The seller in this case , got lucky .
 although a little complecated to install the results are well worth the investment of time and money .
 This has been a great addition to my aquarium . The water in my tank has never been cleaner . I would highly recommend it .
 I have been using this filter for over 3 years , bought a second one for another aquarium . It works great on the 55 gallon tank I have . Its great that you can buy replacement parts is needed and not a whole new filter .
 Got here quickly packaged nicely and the filter it elf is beast I have 3 of them and they do there job well and media replacement is cheap i could n't ask for much more Great product have recommended it to many people
 No Hesitation On this Canister As Magnum is a top competitor among many other brands on the market . This Filtration System Is Really doing the Job On my 80 Gallon Salt Water Setup . I had it running 3 days and with the Protein Skimmer on it 's side and my coral and fish make out to be Full Color Specimens from only a divers eyes in the ocean but in my Man Cave . I would Strongly suggest to new buyers to bleed out the air and do not panic if air is caught . Simply back wash and manual prime -LRB- Though No Priming is needed -RRB- to resolve air pockets and with the added Flow Regulator I installed it makes wonders . My only complaint with the Pro Model is the Lack of Spraying water to my Bio Wheel System . No tears here I know Air will keep my bacteria active on the bio wheels and with me using this for salt the polisher is garbage . In other had this is a great investment for hobbyist with tanks 100 gallons or less but to be honest do n't push it keep it on a 55 to 80 gallon for maximum performance . Unless you do n't mind spending money on jet systems . I will share my video soon on a update . A + Buy . Magnum Wins again.ProsQuiet Effective and SturdyConsHard to run plumbing with out bypassing quick disconnect or your shut off valvesBio Wheels Seem To be Not Getting the Right Water Pressure with a reading of 345 to 350 GPH On my Regulator
 Think its great -- easy to maintain . Have ordered a second and x-tra filter medium . What else can I say ?
 I received this filter about 2 days ago and got it set up pretty easily . The one problem i had was one of the support braces was broke when i got it . The other problem was the nuts for the biowheels were not included . I called Marineland support and they are shipping me the parts i need . I wish Their support was open later and on the weekend .
 Absolute best filter for the money ... Practically polishes water . If it did n't have fish swimming around In it , I would drink it ...
 ... great filter ; healthier for fish and live plants and quieter for placement in home living spaces !
 The best I ever seen and very powerful indeed , my tank keeps clean for more than a month
 Our dogs love this pad , it fits well in the kennels and the corner `` cuts '' help keep it in place . We have washed it once and it came out just like new . I would recommend it to pet owners who kennel their animals overnight or for parts of the day . They just sleep better on these type of pads !
 This is a great product . Our dogs love them . They are perfect liners in the bottom of the dog kennel . They do come in a pack of 2 .
 Ah , is perfect for our dog , since getting this faux-sheepskin pad , she volunteers to go in her kennel . It appears to be ` comfy ' as described . We do have another sheepskin pad below as this is very thin . But , our dog still enjoys going in and out of her ` pad ' without prompting . We are fascinated as to how quickly she took to it . Thanks Amazon for prompt delivery , too .
 Years ago when I had many aquaria set up I tried both the Vortex diatom filter and the Magnum filter . The Magnum filter outlasted the Vortex filter by years , and the only reason I still do not have my magnum is that I sold all my aquaria stuff after a divorce years ago : -LRB- Now that I am in a good stable relationship , out comes the aquarium lusts again ! I plan on getting the Magnum 350 here at Amazon soon . What makes the Magnum so special is that you can use it as a continuous filter media/activated charcoal filter in your large tank and it will sit there filtering the water for months with no upkeep . And when it is time to clean and replenish it 's media , the operation is easy to do . AND , you can convert this filter into a diatomacious earth filter for those massive grungy tank cleaning jobs . This filter can remove all the crud from large tanks and still keep great water flow . Again , it is easy to clean out this unit after diatom use and re convert it into a everyday power filter.Once you buy a Magnum , it will last a lifetime .
 We got this filter for a turtle tank . Two red-eared-sliders . They make a big mess . It 's a 40 gallon aquarium filled about half way . So this filter is way oversized . However , all the smaller mechanisms we used did n't do the job.This one seems to work fine . It keeps the water much cleaner than any others we have tried . A quick rinse of the filter cover every few days keeps it in top shape . It 's fairly quiet too . That 's important as it 's in my daughter 's bedroom .
 I 've had a 75 gallon tank for about 30 years . This is only the 1st time I 've had to replace the original Magnum I started with . I stared experiencing problems with the motor about 3 months ago , which I repaired , and then it stopped pumping as much water . I probably could have repaired that , as well , but felt it was probably time to get the latest and greatest . The main reason I stayed with Magnum , aside from my extreme satisfaction with my first one , is the ability to use generic charcoal/filtering materials . I took the opportunity to look at several other makes and all required the use of their own filters , pads , etc. , all at high cost . Being able to use generic supplies keeps the long term costs down . Installation was a breeze . The reason for a 4 instead of a 5 rating is due to the slight difficulty of positioning the unit under the tank . Due to the quick release valves , the actual height needed is much higher than the actual height of the unit itself . I found that I had to `` force '' the hose to bend around the edge of the tank to go up the back . It seems to put a lot of stress everything and I 'm concerned about the long term effect . Time will tell . In the meantime it works great , is quiet , and I am looking forward to another 30 years !
 4 out of 5 stars - since I have not cleaned the media & it has been running for only 3 daysPros
 This is a very good filter and I do recommend it for intermediate or advanced aquarium keepers , or anyone that is comfortable doing a little tweaking for the set-up . I have had the filter for a month , and I have experience using other canisters such as Eheim Classic , which I also like . The reason I say very good for intermediate or advanced is that it requires a bit of tweaking to make the pump run silently -LRB- my method explained below -RRB- . The amount of media that it holds is good , but canisters such as Eheim hold a little more -LRB- not sure that it matters really -RRB- . I have mine connected to the inlet of a UV sterilizer , which is large and contributes very little back-pressure and then feeds directly back into the tank . I measured 180 gal/hr , which is fine for me.I know my writing style is skittish . Sorry ` bout that.Disclaimer
 Pros - power switch on the unit , high water flow , easy filter replacement.Cons - with pump on bottom difficult to get air out of system , room for filter media small making it difficult to use more than one type of media at a time , quick release valves between pump and tank leak air on intake side creating air pocket in filter chamber , noise level high due to air inside unit and included hoses will crimp or collapse easilyFor the cost a great filter if you can get all the air out of it . Decided I would rather have another Fluval filter instead and will only use this guy for specific filter media like the micron filter to clear water quickly
 Pros : This filter is a mechanical filtration beast . It 's been around forever , and there is a reason for it . When you use the micron filter your water will be crystal clear in 24 hours or less.Ease of maintenance . When I start seeing micro bubbles coming from the output of the filter , I know it 's time to do maintenance . The micron filter has gotten clogged enough for the filter to create the bubbles by cavitation . After that , you start seeing a decrease in flow as well as increased micro bubbles . On average for me this takes about 2-3 weeks , but obviously depends on your fish load and feeding habits . I keep a spare micron filter and extra sleeves for maintenance day . I put the spent micron filter and sleeve in a bucket of bleach water for 12 to 24 hours , rinse , and but them back in a bucket of clean water with some de-chlorinator for another 12 to 24 hours and then set them out to dry for the next time.I like the fact that I can just use the switch on the motor housing to turn off and unlock the filter instead of having to unplug it . I ca n't count the number of times I 've unplugged a filter with less than dry hands.Having a clear canister body gives you the ability to judge when you may need a filter sleeve change , and I 've occasionally had a chance to rescue fish fry.Cons : Not great at biological filtration . Regardless of the media you use , I just do n't think there is enough space to put enough media into the media container.Can be noisy . I 've had this filter for years , and it has always had an audible hum , even after purchasing and returning a spare impeller , and lubing the impeller . In addition , after servicing , I ALWAYS have air in the canister regardless of how carefully I prime or fill it and re-seat and lube the large o-ring . This results in a significant amount of water splashing/trickling noises when turning the filter back on . The air is usually gone anywhere from 3 to 12 hours after servicing , and usually after that I can no longer hear it with the doors to my stand closed.Summary : I 've run this filter exclusively as a mechanical filter for 5 years using a micron cartridge covered with the rite-size foam sleeves 24/7 . I use any other filters for biological filtration , and do n't use any chemical filtration at all unless needed.I 've only had to replace the hose clamps at the cover , and rite-size sleeves -LRB- when I left them in bleach too long -RRB- the entire time I 've had it . The magnet assembly on the impeller has a rough area on the bottom from some sand getting in , and I 've noticed that the motor housing gets pretty warm now in it 's old age , but it is still going strong.It does an incredible job maintaining crystal clear water with the micron cartridge , and if it ever dies I would buy it again without hesitation . Just do n't purchase it with the intent of it being the only filter in your system .
 Item really cleaned up the tank . Fast . Greatt and aazing the product . Would highly reccommend . Little rough start but is good . Even when powerwent off it came right back on without a hassle .
 Right out the box this filter works awesome , follow instructions and you will be pleased . Self-starter works fine with it half full , ran it for 10sec , as it said to do to get out the air and that works however there were still air in there and I could hear it so after a few days I have to put my ears next to it to check if it 's still working , it 's very quiet , no air bubbles in my tank anymore , water looks crustal clear and I was not using the polishing filter media , been running this filter for 2 weeks now , needs to clean media , not sure how that will go . But overall , I am extremely happy with my investment , I have a 55g saltwater , corals and fish T5 light and skimmer , with this filter it seems like I am using a sump , no bubbles at all . I am thinking of buying another and put some de-nitrates rocks in there . It makes my water so crystal clear and clean . I found that there was a lot of hose so I have to cut them down a lot so there was not too much loop going on . This magnum rocks !!!
 Had this thing for 7 years running constant , the the casing developed a small leak . I try to fix it and made it worse . I could have bought just the case for $ 30 but I was being cheap . So I bought another one and within 1 full day my tank -LRB- 120gallon -RRB- which had sat for about 10 days with no filter running had crystal clear water . I abused the original one and it took it for 7 years ! For he price you ca n't beat the hassle free filtering and extras you get with this kit . It is more than enough for my 120 gallon .
 I bought my first Magnum 350 a few months ago for a turtle aquarium and can not imagine owning a different filter . Other products that may do a similar quality job are 2-3 times the price if you are lucky to find one on sale . The Magnum can be a little difficult to get to prime the first time , but have some patience . I had to get some charcoal out of the propeller below the media on my first try.It 's a great product and I 'm buying a second one for my other 13 yr old Red Eared Slider .
 Just finally got set up with new one . Bought a used tank with a fairly new filter and then could not get it to work . I called and got coaching -- finally ordered a new impeller which they sent for free . Then I went to buying a new engine , which also did not work ... finally , with their help and encouragement I sent all the parts back to Marineland , even though I was technically out of warranty , and they sent NEW system quickly to me . I set up right out of the box and knew what to do because of my history of tinkering with the non working model and Jazam ! worked like a charm . One headache is the carbon filter cartridge which DOES come apart easily with some care and attention , but at first it seems a very poor design and instruction manual is NOT very clear on how to open and keep it all ` together ' at the same time . Based on customer service treatment I received , they have a loyal customer now ... and so far - water looks great ! Ca n't wait to really see in about one month how things work out .
 Read the instructions , take your time but it works great I do love it , And make sure you test everything out so you have no leaks but it works perfectly
 I have this filter in a 100 gallon aquarium , and it is the best thing I could have done for my fish . My cat even gives me assurance as he has taken up herding the fish like a stock dog since I have installed the magnum 350 , before he did not even pay any attention at all , I had the aquarium for about a year before getting the magnum filter .
 By default this is a mechanical filter . I use the media container for the carbon to put ceramic rings in for bio filtration . It works great , it is quite if you can manage to get all the air out of it , takes a bit of practice , but once you figure it out , it is a breeze . I do occasionally use the micron filter and it does a great job . I use this filter in conjunction with a C-360 and my water is always crystal clear .
 I bought this canister filter to replace one of the same kind which I had in use for the last 12 years . The only reason I did replace it was because all the plastic parts were becoming brittle with age . These Marineland Magnum 350 's are work horses . They are quiet for their size . If you never had one , there is some assembly you have to do when you first get it . You have to cut the hoses and insert the quick shutoff valves , install clamps over hoses and other minor steps . When you go to put the hoses on the valves , top of canister , return pipes , etc. , make sure you wet them with very hot water , or use a little silicone lube they give you . I had the advantage of already having had one of these filters for years , so I knew what to expect when I opened the box.Also these canisters hold a large amount of carbon , which exposes the water to alot of cleaning per pass . The first time you set up the canister with carbon , filter sleve , refill with water , can be a little intimidating , but you soon get use to it . I used to run my previous Magnum 350 on a 72 gal bow tank , this new one I 'm running on a 20 gallon high tank , needless to say it 's a fast current which my large skoal ?? -LRB- school -RRB- of zebra danios like to swim against . The flow is not adjustable , so it runs at 350GPH all the time . This canister is an old simple design , all parts are replaceable , but I doubt you would have to replace any parts for years to come . Buy this and you wo n't be dissapointed . Could have said a lot more , but want to keep this review to a reasonable length .
 I have 3 of these filters and absolutely love them and Marineland . Two of them are over 15 years old and are still working great -LRB- Granted , I 'm pretty diligent about cleaning them when necessary . But still , over 15 years and still going ! -RRB- . These filters are pretty quiet , effective at keeping my tanks clear , and are easy to clean . Also , I 've never had an issue with any of them leaking . All in all , I would highly recommend this product .
 I needed a filter that can be a regular canister filter AND a DE filter . I was leary at first , but lo and behold it worked both ways and if you need your tank REALLY clear convert to a DE filter and soon ... clear water . Works fine .
 As a polishing filter it works not so good and also great . My tank was very cloudy when I bought this filter . I used the polishing cartridge on my tank for one day and the result was only marginally clearer . Then I added diatomaceous earth , that Amazon sells for about $ 10 , into the filter and the results were spectacular as the water became crystal clear in a matter of hours . The $ 10 bag of diatomaceous earth will probably last through 15 uses , but that 's only an estimate.I used to own a Vortex Diatomic Filter , which I also loved , but gave it away years ago . Both are great for polishing water , but the Magnum also does regular filtration and has shutoff valves for easier removal and changing of filters.Buy it with Diatomaceous earth .
 I have the magnum 220 which is the same , but with less water flow . I 've had the filter for about 15 years and it 's still going strong . I 'm still using the original seals and have n't had any leaks or problems . The only issue I 've ever experienced is if the power goes out the filter stops pumping and you have to turn it off and on to get it going again .
 These are great pumps , so quite and durable at a reasonable cost . The last one lasted 9 years and still worked but started leaking and my wife wanted a new one , timely delivery and easy hookup . We have it on a 75 gallon tank and you ca n't even hear it run . Good buy
 Works well but can be a pain to clean when it 's dirty . It gets dirty pretty quick since it cleans very well . I suggested having towels and buckets around when cleaning . Try cleaning in the sink or bath tub .
 Wonderful filter got this unit to replace a broken one and was under the impression I was getting a better unit , until it arrived and was just that filter no bio .
 This Is Without A Doubt One Of The Best Filters I Have Ever Used.I Am 74 Years Old . I Have Had Fish For About 50 Years Off And On.I Have Seen Almost All And Used Them All And This One Without A Doubt Beets All .
 This is the best filter for my red-eared slider and his three friends , Curly , Larry and Moe , the three goldfish I threw in the tank to keep him company . The water is clear as a bell and George the turtle is very happy !! Highly recommended .
 I had this filter for years on a 55 gal tank I bred angel fish in . It was economical quiet & effective . Probably 16 years later I see they still make it , and it is still the cheapest canister its size !
 This entire transaction was wonderful ! The Marineland Magnum is a powerful filter , delivering a more than adequate flow for the designated aquarium size . Shipment from the Amazon seller was fast !
 It filters , it vacuums , it has the power clean white filter . I only clean filter every 2 months when water flow slows down . My 55g tank evaporates and I add back the 8 or 10 gallons in that time.Did I mention CRYSTAL CLEAR WATER!Old Walmart 55g filter pump would always look dirty and it failed once when I was on vacation . Suggest using your old pump still for redundancy so if one pump fails , then have a 2nd pump .
 As pointed out in the other review - these are not designed to go with the crittertrail systems . It does connect to the other OVO habitrail systems , though.The attachments do click on to the other OVO sets , but not quite as easily as the larger OVO parts connect to each other . The interlocking rings are stiffer and more difficult to twist from the locked/unlocked positions . Just be careful they 're really attached if you 're mixing sets , so you do n't have a tragic fall or escape on your hands , at the connection between other parts . Plastic is thicker and seemingly more sturdy than the other , older OVO habitrail connection parts .
 I bought this for my dog a couple years ago and love it . I have a lab mix and the dish is deep enough he can get a good drink the dish fills as he drinks . What he does n't drink you just pour back in the bottle and close the lid for the next drink . Works very well for car rides and walks too.I put mine through the dishwasher on the top rack .
 This product is excellent for people who walk their dogs a lot . We take it everywhere with us and have it to be extremely useful . The only reason that it gets 4 stars instead of five is because not all of the water flows back into the bottle once the dog is done . In other words , it can drip a little , which is not a problem outdoors .
 What an ingenious item . Easy to carry , my dog likes it , saves water , etc. . Lots of other options out there , but none that are as cleverly designed . I may buy a second as a back up !
 I like this water bowl a lot . Obviously someone had the same need and invented it ... . My dog and I now can go on long walks in the middle of the day with this bottle over my shoulder , he even started to look at the bottle and lick his lips as a hint when he is thirsty!The only thing that can be improved is the ease of turning the `` bowl '' in and out . It does take a few seconds to get it back to its travelling status ... . but I am truly impressed with the product as is .
 We take our dog on long walks and this water bottle is a good fit . We really like that the water not drank simply flows back into the bottle to be used at the next `` drink stop '' . Clips easily onto a waistband/belt however , be sure to snap the stopper on the bottle firmly as it may pop off and the water leak out or on to you .
 I purchased this bottle intending to use it at the park with my dog . The tray the dog is supposed to drink out of is made of a flexible material . It does n't rotate out , so you have to flip it inside out and it is a funny shape but still provides a bowl . I saw in other reviews that some of the solid trays for other bottles would shatter if they fell . This would n't , but it is n't quite what I expected .
 This ingenious product is exactly what I needed for my dog . She drinks a lot of water and it 's been hard to find a way for her to drink . She would mostly drink from my hand , but this certainly resolves that problem ! I love the product and will probably get another to stay in the car . However , returning leftover water back into the container is timely and not easy . So I suggest only pouring what you think your dog will drink . It 's better to pour again than try to return it to the bottle . That keeps the water clean , too , in case I need a sip !
 These work great for long walks , if you have large dogs might want to buy something bigger . Putting ice in the bottle helps to keep cold .
 It is a great bottle to take along everywhere . I love the part that inverted the blue cover into a bowl . It is very easy to drink out of it and love the strap . I hang the bottle over car seat and can be reach easily .
 I think this product is great ! Much better than carrying around a water bottle and bowl for our dog like we had been doing . I usually stick a couple ice-cubes into this bottle to keep the water cool for longer.Just a few side notes ... the un-drunk water does not easily flow back into the bottle as the description leads you to believe . Also , you must flip the bowl part inside out which is a bit tricky - you definitely need to use both hands!Still , it is a clever design which I would recommend .
 It is impossible to put the used water back in the bottle , but it does n't matter because it 's big enough you can discard the water and still have plenty more .
 These portable water bowls are great for hiking . We often take our 2 Bostons for a nice walk on the beach and around our neighborhood , but our favorite place to take them -LRB- and theirs -RRB- is on a long hike at the Gulf Island National Seashore and its many trails and hills . I honestly do n't know how we could do it without this product as it get extremely hot in south MS , even in the winter . Regular dog bowls are just too bulky and hard to pack/carry . These fit right in our Camel Packs along with everything else we need to have a great day . We also love the fact that they are so durable and easy to use . I definitely recommend this product for anyone who has dogs because we all have to take them on a trip of some sort , even if its just to the Vet -LRB- which they are also great for -RRB- .
 Delight your canine friend with their very own bottled water . Give them fresh water everywhere you go ! Never a reason for your dog to go thirsty again .
 This is a great product . I bragged about it so much one of my friends bought one for her dog and he loves it too .
 This is a great product because you can `` squirt '' as little or as much water into the `` cup '' . Easy to use !
 I love this thing . I bought it to use with my walkydog bike leash attachment , and it 's perfect for that purpose since it fits in my bike bottle holster -LRB- if I stick the bottle in then bend the bowl around it -RRB- . I like that it 's easier to clean than the collapsible bowls I used for hiking , so I 'm finding myself grabbing it for those purposes as well .
 I love this product . It 's convenient and easy to throw in a backpack -- mine or the dog 's . I bought a couple of these for a friend 's dogs and all of the dogs prefer drinking from the travel bowl to their own water bowls . I keep it in the frig so the water is cold ; the top is wide enough to put ice in it also . All in all , it 's a great product . My only concern is that the bowl might break off eventually . It seems sturdy , but there seems to be potential for cracking . However , that has n't happened yet , so my dog and I are happy with it . I definitely recommend it .
 The ingenius design makes these bottles perfect -- especially for summer walking ! Light weight , easy to handle , well constructed , good quality . And the price is reasonable . A real dog walker 's companion .
 I use this when I take my Border Collie out to play Frisbee . It 's very easy to use , convenient to carry , easy to clean , and is very durable .
 I think it is a cute bottle . I do agree with others that it is a bit hard to fold out the bowl . I think the main issue is that the entire bottle is kind of a soft material so you can not get a good grip on it to fold the bowl over . But it works . I only tested it one time and both my dogs stuck their noses in together right away . They even managed to drink out of it at the same time although space was a bit tight for 2 doggy noses :--RRB- ! But they managed.I have a chow mix and husky and my chow never drinks when we are out and I offer him water no matter how far we walk and how much he is panting . I am hoping that I can get him used to this bottle at home and that he will also drink from it while we are out if he is familiar with it.We also plan on going biking with them so I think this is great to have while we are out instead of squeezing water out of a regular water bottle and most of it ending up on the ground or having to carry bowls and water.Its not perfect but it will definitely work and for the price I am not complaining .
 I bought this bottle to take with me when I am going to be outside for a while with my yorkie . It good to be able to take water when it is so hot outside . Bottle is a nice size and works well . This bottlesolves my problem of trying to Find water and a bowel for my yorkie to drink out of . If you need to take water with you for you pet I recommend this bottle .
 I bought this for my pug . It is a perfect size for traveling or taking a walk in the park . I have no problem with it leaking and my pug loves to drink from it .
 I was hesitant to purchase because some people said it leaked , but my bottle has never leaked even when thrown around in my bag . The plastic/rubber `` bowl '' is very thick so you need two hands to flip it out and that can be a little annoying , but once it 's flipped the bottle works like a charm . I would purchase this again .
 I like the fact that no matter where we may go my puppy will always have water . Love the sling for easy carrying .
 I have a 1 year old lab mix and this was convenient for short walks with her . It may not be enough water in the summer , though , when it is really hot and it does n't work at the dog park when they all want to share . It 's convenient and easy to use , though .
 I bought this bottle/bowl for my 2 year old Schnawzer . Being too young he drinks up too fast and this bottle keeps filling the bowl at a rate my dog can drink . Filled up to the top , does n't weights a lot and has a string to carry it . Gon na test it with my sister 's retreiver for a bigger `` mouth '' test .
 Water bottle is great for taking big dogs on a walk that may NEED water towards the middle-end of the walk . Does nothing special but works well to have water and a bowl all-in-one . For myself I would wear it around one shoulder and keep bottle on my back . All in all a good product if your dog needs water during walks or if you go for extra-long walks with smaller dogs .
 I had one of those fabric water bowls . It was always so cumbersome grabbing that , the water bottle , and my stuff . Then is the question of what to do with the wet fabric bowl ? Life is easier !!! I love this so much that I got this for my sister and her dog . So reasonably priced for what you get !
 My big Aussie/German puppy loves this bottle ! We hike almost every day and it became such a pain to lug around multiple water bottles for both her and I. I ordered one and i love it ! The only drawback is that not too much water can be held in the container , about one regular sized water bottle . Another drawback is that it is pretty akward to carry around . I usually tie the strings attached to the water bottle onto her leash , long enough so I do n't have to remove it every time she needs a drink and short enough so it 's not dragging on the ground . All in all , it is worth the money and should be more considered by smaller dog owners , otherwise invest in 2 !
 I bought this about 2 years ago and I am using it constantly . I have 3 dogs and EVERY TIME we take them with us this water bottle follows . It 's a genius idea . I wish it was a bigger bottle but that 's just because I have 3 thirsty dogs . Love Love Love this thing !!
 Been using this for 20 years . Its the only thing I add to my reef tank . Half dose 4 times a week . Just found out my favorite Reef store only use it also in all his tanks .
 When I first got my dog 9 years ago , both ears were terribly infected . I have tried other products but they did not work . I have been using this product for 5 years now and the vet is impressed at how clean I can get her ears.I also use the Ear Relief Dry after cleaning with this product .
 My dogs love these and they have the added benefit of charcoal or detoxification . They are great as snacks and have charcoal -LRB- helps with simple things like gas to pesticide exposure -RRB- . These biscuits are much easier than getting dogs to eat charcoal tablets or sprinkling the charcoal over dog food . A sick dog is usually not interested in eating their food , but a biscuit ... I will continue soliciting my local pet stores for them & getting directly from Amazon .
 I try to buy my dogs the very best treats possible , since I buy the best food possible . You may not like my choices , but I buy nothing made with ingredients from China or made in China . There have been too many dog and human related scares for my liking . I love China , but I 'm not confident in their oversight . I do n't buy treats filled with fillers . I like to know the ingredients I 'm buying and how to pronounce them . I wo n't buy any treats I would n't eat . My pets are extremely important to me and I feel that keeping them healthy will keep them around longer . I 've never had a reason to not trust Old Mother Hubbard , so I continue to purchase from them .
 Wow , great expediting ... order one day and here the next ! That is service . My pups love the snacks and they seem to help my older dog 's belly . He would rather have this than any other treat !
 We have been feeding our dog these `` Good for Them '' treats since the line came out . She loves them .
 I have tried dozens of different brand of outside , hanging , power filters . Marineland 's Emperor filter beats them all in performance and reliability . I 've been in this hobby for over 40 years so I know a thing or two about filters . Every tank over 25 gallons should have at least one .
 I went and did research for the pricing of this filter for a while . I even went as far as going to 5 diffrent aquarium stores and also petco branches . But by far amazon gives the best deal . When it arrived I was so excited I installed it instantly and within 3 - 5 hours water was crystal clear . I have never seen such a great filter . Noise lvl is minimal and filters perfectly . 101 % recommended !!! A + + + + + + + + + + + + +
 I ca n't tell you how many cheaper filters I broke prior to owning this one . It was well worth the investment and broke my pattern of buying a new filter every 6 months or so . It finally needed replacement after 3 years , but only because it was damaged during moving.I have a sand aquarium with african dwarf frogs , but their upkeep is n't that different from most freshwater fish . I would highly recommend this filter to anyone who 's tired of breaking filters and wants something tougher . This filter is a champ , and has dealt with an aquarium no other filter could handle .
 Day 4 with new aquaruim and new filter-has cleared ammonia from tank -LRB- 38 gal -RRB- - tank noticable clearer already ! Quite and efficent . Would recommend . New hobbiest leave 6 incehes from wall to aquarium to install filter pump .
 i use this for my dog with arthritis and it 's excellent . he 's old and it 's really helping . much better than the tablets .
 I have been using Glucosamine for a long time now , but in the pill form . I change to the liquid form because I 've read that liquid is more easily absorbed by the body . It 's still to early to tell but if it is as good as the pill form , I will love it .
 adorable leash rackparents are malamute loversvery durable and cute place to keep the dogs leashsthey love it
 I bought this item as a gift for my husband . It looks nice and fairly sturdy . We will know more after it is installed on the wall . Service was excellent , as always !
 Very cute on cats , but the jingle bells kept one of mine trying to find where the bell sound was coming from ... due to the small size I was worried he would try to eat the bells . Make sure to watch your pets when they are wearing this as some may be able to figure out how to ingest the small bells .
 This is the same review I posted for the rainbow colored collar . What I expected -- a cute , fun , and girly party collar for my 10 month old puppy . She does n't mind wearing the collar and the rhinestone ends add sparkle . Some of the rhinestones have fallen off , but I expected that . Only a few , not enough to affect the overall look of the collar . Overall , a recommended buy to dress up your girl dog . Too girly for a boy dog .
 The collar is absolutely adorable . The dog was slightly annoyed by it . The jiggle bells are nice and are n't to load , so its not to bad listening to your dog walk around
 Love these collars and they come in different colors with different themes . They are so fun and festive ! They &#34; jingle bell &#34; ones are perfect for giving your dog a cute &#34; seasonal &#34; look for any holiday photos you might use in your Christmas cards and the Halloween ones on your furry friend make adorable facebook photos !!! One last thing
 I bought this product -LRB- size
 These collars are cutter then words can say and full not skimpy like others that I have bought at holidays from pet stores.Both my girls wore these for birthday photos which I will share . Great item do n't hesitate just get them .
 When I saw this item on Amazon , I just knew it would be the perfect fun accessory for my dog , Suki , to wear on her birthday . I just love the way she looks while wearing it and it was just the right size . Suki is n't a huge fan of wearing apparel but she will consent to wear this collar if I bribe her with some of her favorite treats .
 This Christmas collar looked good on the webpage , but it looked even better out-of-the-box . It actually has three collars , so you can use one , two , or three to make it thinner or thicker depending on the needs of your furry friend . It looked great on my white standard poodle , got a lot of appreciative looks , and I 'm pretty sure my poodle pranced a little more proudly .
 We have a Newfoundland . BIG DOG . Most dog costumes are way to small . But this comes in our dog 's size . I was having a big birthday party , and I wanted her to look the part as well . This collar looks great on a black dog . AND it is comfortable to wear . The collar is on an elastic , so it 's not going to pull or constrict . I do n't think she was even aware it was on her . Since it is comfortably around the neck , there is little reason for a dog to mess with it.The four stars are due to the fact that some of the sequins came off as she romped around , or just walked inside with company around . There are still plenty of sequins on the collar , but there were perhaps 2-3 dozen that came off . You ca n't tell they are missing , except that we picked them off the floor.It looks good . It comes in all sizes . It 's comfortable to wear . Sometimes a few sequins come off .
 What I expected -- a cute , fun , and girly party collar for my 10 month old puppy . She does n't mind wearing the collar and the rhinestone ends add sparkle . Some of the rhinestones have fallen off , but I expected that . Only a few , not enough to affect the overall look of the collar . Overall , a recommended buy to dress up your girl dog . Too girly for a boy dog .
 * UPDATE * We just purchased our third tire for our dogs . It continues to be one of their very favorite toys . We find that with our two dogs wrestling with this toy , it lasts for about a year . Not bad considering how aggressive my dogs are with the toy . * ORIGINAL REVIEW BELOW * My dog is a big chewer and we recently put in hardwood floors . I bought this toy hoping that it would hold up to his aggressive chewing and that it would be softer on the floors than some of his hard plastic bones . He loves it and it is so cute watching him carry it around in his mouth . So far there are no signs of damage form his teeth.Our favorite game is to place one of his balls inside the tire for him to try and get out .
 We have a year old labradooble . she has been spoiled with about 10-15 toys up until this point , and by far the most durable , and one of the cutest has been the pup tread . When she wants to play she grabs the pup tread first , then the tennis ball . We got the 4inch one at a store . she had that one from about the time she was six months up until now . it 's probably the only toy she hasnt been able to chew through . the white logo has worn off slightly but other than that it looks almost as good as new . No that shes a 45 pounder we upgraded to the 8 inch . i give it like an overhead backhanded throw to roll it down the street , which is fun for me too , and she chases after . pup treads are great toys all around
 Now this toy gives her enjoyment time and time again.she can chew and gnaw but ca n't rip it apart . Great tug toy , and we roll it through the house for her to chase .
 Our German Shepherd dog loves this toy . It is one of his most favorite toys . It 's washable , durable , and actually smells good . We highly recommend it !
 We received the items before they were expected and my pups loved them !! I would recommend them to my friends .
 This is a good product . I have 3 grown Labs who play tug with this thing until you want to choke them and it has no effect at all on the toy . Most toys are shredded in just days-or less . Not this tire . Smells like vanilla beans . Does that really matter ? Buy it .
 We bought this for our 10 week old German Shepherd/Lab mix puppy . He was leery at first , but now its one of his favorite toys . Very durable . Our pup takes this everywhere , chews on it , tugs on it , plays fetch with it , and it has n't shown hardly any wear . Tough but soft enough for him to chew on and not hurt his teeth/mouth . I would recommend this as a supervised toy . It is pretty hardy rubber , but with an aggressive chewer it might not hold up as well .
 I got this as a CHristmas present for my parents ' bulldog . She 's tough on toys but this one has lasted her for months and is still going strong . Plus she loves it !
 I got this for my 4 month old dachshund . He lovesto chew and is very hard on his toys . This haslasted well and he really loves it . It is funnyto watch him play with it .
 with my medium sized female shepherd/boxer mix , this will last a few months . ca n't fault the tire too much , as i pick her off the ground with it , roll it across the yard , play tug of war , etc. but the inside could be thicker which would probably make it last longer . looks and feels like a real mini tire
 Our Labrador Retriever puppy would say to you that this is his favorite toy , but he can not talk -LRB- that I know of ! -RRB- . As many dogs may decide to ingest the rubber instead of leave it on the floor -LRB- which is what mine does ! -RRB- , as long as you supervise the use of this toy it is AWESOME !!! AWESOME !!! Always protect a dog who loves to chew by putting the dog inside a crate while you are unable to supervise or are not at home .
 I have a yellow lab , 7 years , who is very sensitive to many of the ear cleansers , etc. . She has had ear infections a few times per year since she was a pup . This year , the vet gave her antibiotics in addition to the ear drops we had been using , to clear up the ear infection , then I used this combo of Veterinarian 's Best Ear Relief Wash , then Dry . So far , her ears are sparkling clean , and smell great too -LRB- cloves -RRB- . I use the dry about once per week , now , for maintenance . I was a little leary because it is a lotion that dries to powder , but it works great . The first time I used it , it blobbed in her ear . So I use a kleenex to thinly spread the lotion around in her ear . A little dab will do .
 My 6 yr old yellow lab has always had trouble with his ears . Infections , itching , shaking his head , earwax , you name it - he had it . I have used every product I can think of including massive prescriptions from the vet . Since using this product he no longer even notices his ears ! I took him to the vet today and he said his ears look wonderful ! WOW ! I use this with the Veterinarian 's Best Ear Relief Wash. . It 's so easy and has a very pleasant smell . If your dog has problems with his ears , try this ! I highly recommend it !
 I have two cocker spaniels , a breed with a history of ear problems . Of the many products from the vet over the years , many which included steroids , none worked to keep their ears clean and clear . This product and the companion product Vet 's Best Ear Relief Wash have cleared up chronic problems after a couple of treatments and their ears are now clean and fresh . Now they only need a ` touch up ' every few months . I have used this product for several years and I am thrilled with the results .
 I have an 85 lb. , 2 year old , Goldendoodle who DOES NOT like water but managed to get two of the worst ear infections that our vet had ever seen !! After being treated with antibiotics and some other medicine , a friend told us about this Ear Dry product . I love it because it takes the moisture out of his ears and lasts a few days . It is all natural and can not hurt him . Our vet recommended using it a few times a week to keep the ears dry . It was shipped quickly and our dog likes it too !!
 My five-year-old black labradoodle has long hanging ears and when she was a youngster her ears were damp and she developed a yeast infection with the associated brownish red residue , odor , etc. . I worried that this would become a chronic condition as it had been with my last dog , leading to deafness , and repeated visits to the vet . I tried a natural remedy using vineger , I believe ; however , it did n't seem to work and made a smelly mess . Soon thereafter I discovered Vet 's Best Ear Relief Dry at Petco and applied it after cleaning her ears with a paper towel . I get her to lay on her side and I apply three drops or so into each ear . I also trim the hair in and around the base of her ears with a small electric clipper to promote better air circulation . I do this approximately once a week and it has worked like magic . Her ears are nice and dry and she has n't had any ear problems in nearly five years . It also smells very nice .
 My dog Roxy is allergic to all those toxic flea and tick prevent products . Aside from that ... its all poison . I work in a dog store and we sell this . We sell out routinely . I sell this because I use it and KNOW it works well . We even tested it on my boss dog . There was tick embeded and she sprayed it . The tick actually dropped dead . It smells like cloves and you do hape to apply it often . Thats a small price for soemthing that works so great . We have dog owners bring their dogs in with fleas ... let them off leash and then ask me '' my dog has fleas ... do you have anything ? '' Well yeah ... but now that your dog is in MY dogs bed ... she has fleas now too . Honestly . . we were infested in this town last year ... with fleas . We also live in the highest ranked tick populated area . I spray my dog every morning before going to work and so far ... Ive not had ANY problem . I did not like the collar at all honestly . The shampoo gets rid of anything they may have ... beautifully and is very gentle . The spray keeps them all off her . She has severe allergies so this was a last resort . This stuff is amazing .
 Works like a charm . Spray it on the tick and it 's dead with in a min . Spray it on the dog before a hike helps repel the ticks . Spray it on after a hike and brush them out grabs the ticks and kills them too . The smell is n't too hippy-ish . It smells more like cloves then anything .
 The pups dont care for the smell they go a bonkers . Very clovey smelling . You have to apply it daily .
 My dog has a long list of allergies and this is the only product that gives me peace of mind that she will not get fleas and does not make her sick . I use this along with the ecoPure flea and tick collar , she has never had fleas and once I starting using both we noticed a huge change in the amount of ticks .
 We had a then-3 year old cat who had a virus back in 2002 and would not eat . The vet gave us this to use.We used it for four days , twice a day.At the end of the fourth day , he was back to eating his cat food . I think it saved his life.Highly recommend !
 I have a new Shih tzu puppy of about 3 months . The vet told my I should give him nutrical at least 3 times a day . It was double the price at the vet 's office so I decided to buy it online . My puppy loves every time I give him the nutrical . It 's like a thick gel .
 My jack russell terrier was recently diagnosed with heart failure . Afterwards the vet put her on 3 types of meds for , was depleting her of vitamins an also dehydrating her . Shes not been able to eat right since . So , this was suggested along with medications.i would recomend as well as purchase again .
 I have a minature poodle , who we rescued when he was 3 years old . He is now 7 . I tried every kind of food available to get him to eat . He should weigh 12 lbs but the highest he has ever been is 7.5 . Without Nutri-Cal , I do n't believe he would still be alive . He is living proof of an anorexic dog . Something about the Nutri-Cal makes his appetite return for a few days at least . Then a little dose of Nutri-Cal , and he will eat .
 I have an elderly Yorkie -LRB- 17 yrs -RRB- who at the loss off his lifelong companion and sibling a month or so back , suddenly refused to eat . No matter how we tried , his refusal of food of any kind was complete . I tried giving him daily doses of Nutrical -LRB- force feeding -RRB- and suddenly his appetite improved greatly . He is still a challenge , but accepts the nutrical easily and gives us a certain amount of hope . Thanks Nutrical !
 I bought this for my senior kitty that does n't eat as much as she used to . She eats it right up and does n't mind the taste .
 Grand-Mumzy 's dog loves this product . It is furry , paw licking good ! As for all the kitty-cats , fortunately there is a Nutri-Cal for cats as well . Goody ! They made one just for us !!! Ko-Ko the Cat
 My daughter has very dry , itchy , sensitive skin . When she gets mosquito bites on top of the normal itchiness , she is miserable . Nothing relives the itching like `` The Answer '' does ! And the botanical formula does n't further irritate her skin the way some other products do . We love it !
 Yes , it really kills itches , not just on bug bites either . I have used it successfully on spots of eczyema , allergic rashes , and itchiness due to dry skin . Just a little dab lasts for several hours and I do n't have to worry about chemical side effects .
 I have a hypersensitivity to mosquito bites . The bites get very large and red and incredibly itchy . I was at my aunt 's house once and started getting bites , and she brought out bug spray and The Answer . I put some of The Answer on the bites I already had , and within two hours the bites , swelling , itchiness were completely gone . It was amazing . It 's not a very large bottle , but a little bit goes a long way . I will definitely buy some of this because it 's the only thing that has worked for me .
 I bought this for my cats after reading the reviews here and it is truly the best cat toy ! All my cats -LRB- 3 -RRB- went nuts for it ! I do n't think they 've ever jumped and ran so much in a single day.Before going to bed I stored the Da Bird by lying it flat on a window sill . When I woke up in the morning one of my cats was chewing on it in a hallway and a plant under the windowsill had been knocked over . So take heed of the advice that you really need to put it away when you 're not playing with it!The only negative thing I 've experienced is that my kitten chewed through the swivel line on the second day . We tied it back together , but it does n't flow through the air quite the same . The cats still love it though .
 From the moment I opened the package , my kitten was crazy . It REALLY looks like a bird that got inside the house ... I could n't believe it myself for the first 5 minutes of playing . It is so easy to handle ... you will also have fun , and with 20 good minutes , you will exercise your cat to the point of exhaustion ... and even so ... he will beg for more ! Be careful though ... I 'm very pleased with the purchase . I 've read some reviews where the users complained about the easy-break factor of the toy , but if you are careful -LRB- do not let your pet bite it much -RRB- , and you keep it in a good place away from your cat when you are not playing , it will last you long , even one feather.Have fun , and make em sweat!BTW , you should also incorporate other toys and playing because when you keep doing it in a row , they cat starts losing interest in it ... rotate your playing methods . My cat loves to play hide & seek too , so between that , and Da Bird , he 's pretty entertained and exercised .
 My cat is in love with this toy ! It flies around just like a real bird and my cat ca n't get enough of it ! Every cat needs one of these !
 Simply put , this is the best cat toy you can buy . I 've never known a cat that was n't inSANEly impassioned about this thing , which makes it a great way to tire/mellow your kitten or overactive cat . You 'll wonder if the common housecat has yet been completely domesticated .
 I go this toy several days ago and within minutes my boy cat was going crazy . He has caught bird before just by his actions and how he catches DaBird . My female is 4 and likes to snooze , she is also playing with DaBird and having fun . The only drawback too the toy is it broke off at the front of DaBird so it has too be replaced . Needs a heaver swivel too connect too pole . Other than that , great toy , my furkids love it .
 We recently got a kitten , and as we live in a city , he is our first indoor-only cat . We feel a little guilty about this , and try to prevent him from getting bored by playing with him often and getting him new interactive toys . Of all the ones we 've gotten so far , this feather toy is by far the best ! NOTHING gets him running and jumping like this toy does . . -LRB- The only thing I would say is make sure when you buy this toy , also buy a few replacement feathers , as it gets so much use that I can tell we 'll need some more soon ! -RRB- Definitely 5-stars , and our cat agrees .
 My cats do like this . Mine have n't broken yet , despite some hard pulls on them . It 's good distraction for about six minutes .
 This absolutely drives the kitties nuts . Aerial leaps , backflips , anything to catch the feather . The really nice part is that the feather is replaceable -- the new ones have a spin to them that really gets the cats going , but after the feather gets beat up it does n't spin as much . The pole itself is metal and does n't crimp and bend like some plastic ones I 've had .
 The cats enjoy it almost as much as they enjoy chaseing a leaf .
 I have to give this a mixed review.My cat ABSOLUTELY LOVES THIS TOY!She was n't much of an active cat , but I wanted to interact and play with her more . And this toy makes her jump and run and spin and pounce and prance and dance and do the cat-equivalent of laughing and giggling -LRB- big wide eyes , slightly vibrating , hunkered down behind a pillow , watching its every move -RRB- . She knows where I store it , and when I come home from work , she sits infront of its hiding place.HOWEVER -- it is not that durable.She and I play with it twice a day and it last about two weeks.When it breaks , the hardware that holds the feathered part shears off somewhere inside of the pole . After that , it really is n't usable any more , because if you try to attach the feathers back by simply tying the string to the feather part , the spinning magic is pretty much gone and the string gets tangled in an instant.So , consider this a disposable toy with a two-week-or-so life span.That is what I decided to do and now I buy three at a time . 'Cause I 've not found a better toy.My cat goes CRAZY over it .
 We 've had our cats for about 4 years now and bought them every single toy that eBay or PetSmart offers . Mice , cat nip , feather toys , cat castles -LRB- have 3 of them -RRB- and giant fishing poles.Their favorite toys are the interactive ones and they recently chewed through both their fishing-pole toys with features at the end so I started hunting around for a better one.As a side note , I noticed the longer the pole the more fun they had and easier it is to play with.After searching Amazon I ran across this toy and went to the main homepage for it . The company only sells about 10 toys that they claim they have personally tested and think they are the best . We figured what the hey and bought this toy.It 's wonderful.First off the handle is a solid , thin piece of flexible metal about 3 ' long and no real handle to speak of . Then there is a really thing line connected to it , maybe 2 ' long and from there it connects to a special joint that hooks to the feather that is made specifically to allow the feather to rotate and spin around as you whip it around in the air -LRB- it 's like a ball-and-socket joint -RRB- . What happens is the toy ends up looking like a bird flying through the room.The first time we pulled this toy out of the tube it ships in and let our cats sniff it , they thought it was OK . As soon as we started to whip it around the room , their eye 's dilated like dinner plates and they got really low to the ground . From that point on it was just a blur of activity and flipping cats . They loved it.I really can not recommend you try any other feather toy before getting this because of it 's price . If you walk into PetSmart and buy a feather toy -LRB- or wand -RRB- it 's about $ 15 . Just buy this , if your cats have a heartbeat I imagine they will love it .
 My cat loves this toy . It moves like a bird flying , and she jumps 3 feet in the air trying to catch it . It 's easy to use since it 's light and it has a long pole . She gets so excited that she grabs it and instantly puts it in her mouth and chomps down for safekeeping when she can catch it -LRB- she does this before she hits the ground -RRB- . The bird needed to be replaced once already , so beware if your cat is an avid hunter . It 's durable , but cats can bite aggressively !
 My cat loves Da Bird and comes running every time I open the closet where it 's kept . The only reason I did n't give it five stars is that it 's just not that durable . While I 'm happy that real feathers are used and my cat 's not chewing on some synthetic , the feathers themselves break pretty easily once my cat gets them between her teeth . We 've gone through two of these toys in as many weeks . I suppose I could just never let her catch it , but what fun is there in that ?
 I was skeptical before I bought it , but this is far and away the best cat toy I have ever had.My younger active cat loves it . He is fascinated by it , and pounces all over it . My other , fat , lazy , sloth-like cat also loves it . Usually he ca n't be bothered to do more than stretch out a paw to play with something if it interests him , but he actually actively plays with this toy.What I did n't realize is that the way the feathers are positioned causes it to spin as it is being pulled through the air , and as such makes it much more interesting than your average cat toy on a string . I just bought another one for my mother 's cats because I think it is so wonderful . I highly recommend it !
 I purchased one of these kitty joy toys locally and it was even a thousand times better than the previous peacock feather -LRB- $ 1 -RRB- favorite . My first one got killed off quickly when I let Phoebe play with it non-stop . So , I had to get a second . Having learned my first lesson I made sure to hide it away when not playing with her . But my parents recently adopted a new kitten who I house-sat for a week . Maggie was jumping 2 feet or more in the air after it ! I learned how to pull carefully to limit cat success damage . I lent it to them afterwards , but Ginger , one of their two shelties was just as excited about it and a lot harder on it . Mom did not stash it away , so after a week , the bird is still attached with all its bedraggled feathers , but no longer flies in that magical fluttering way.So , the magic is in the feather design , which has a short shelf life even when carefully managed , since the feathers were already compromised with controlled access . I am now going to buy a THIRD da bird along with extra birds and pray that it lasts at least a few months with careful management and no Ginger . -LRB- Mom 's kitten Maggie actually taught Ginger to jump for da bird ! -RRB-
 I have had cats for over 20 years and breed cats , and out of all of the toys I have purchased over the years , this is their all time favorite . I promise your cat will love it too . As it flutters around the room , the feathers make a fluttering sound like a bird and it drives the cats crazy . So much fun !
 My 9 month old kitten really likes this toy . At first , he was afraid of it because it 's so realistic , like a bird in flight . Now he 's jumping high into the air to catch it . I bought some of the refills because my cat is rough on his toys . I still am using the original feathers after about a month of use , so it 's a well-made product to keep your cat active . I like that they sell a variety of attachments and refills to change the toy . I have to hide these behind a locked door to keep him from playing with it and eating the feathers when I 'm not in the room with him . If you want a fun toy to entertain your cat and give him/her exercise , you ca n't beat this !
 This is a great toy for almost any cat -LRB- and some dogs -RRB- . You can make sure your kitty is getting it 's exercise in with this thing . I am a professional pet sitter and I take this to all my kitty sits , they all love it !
 So my kitty loves to play . Loves . He gets a little rough about it because he just does n't know any better . We bought a bunch of toys when we got him and he loved some for a wile , then forgot abut them . Or vice versa - the ones he did n't show interest in at first suddenly became exciting . He loves his little catnip mice the most but they keep disappearing under the appliances . I did a little browsing online , looking for something to distract his attention away from our bodies , tire him out so he would sleep at night and keep him interested . I found Da Bird.Da Bird seems like a simple concept
 This is the best pet shampoo I have ever used . The fact that it 's 100 % natural is a bonus , it 's a great pet shampoo . It lathers better than any other shampoo I have used before , and also smells better too . It leaves my dog feeling and smelling clean .
 Filling a regular water dish for my water loving goldendoodle proved an exercise in futility as he playfully dropped his paws and his face into the bowl to swim ! The Buddy Bowl proved to be just about the only thing that stopped him from doing this , while providing an adequate water supply . We are back to a regular water dish now , though I kept the Buddy Bowl for an extra outside dish . Critiques are that while it holds alot of water , the content drops down rapidly requiring careful consideration that your pets get ample water throughout the day and the other thing is that it is so well designed that it can be hard to take apart for cleaning . The best part of the Buddy Bowl is that it does NOT spill when tipped ; not one ounce of water comes out . . the best thing I have ever seen , in spite of my doubts of that validity . My older dog would pick it up an carry it to the living room , water-free ! Overall value is a perfect 10 based on performance ! If your issue is the same as mine , this item will deliver , AND it would be perfect for doggie road trips . One last thing is that my older dog is huge and he had no trouble getting drinks from the small opening , something that concerned me initially .
 My bulldog developed hot spots all over her sides and belly . She scratched endlessly until I started spraying her twice a day with Derm-X . It must have relieved her discomfort because when she would see me get out the bottle , she would run over to me and sit down . Much less expensive and safer than many of the medications prescribed by vets . I now spray her once or twice a week prophylactically - no more breakouts .
 My poor dog was constantly getting yeast skin infections and the vet bills were mounting up . Tried this on a whim and it started clearing her up in less than a week . Does n't smell too bad and did n't stain the furniture . Easy to spritz on and did n't appear to cause my dog any pain , but will run everywhere if you overdo it since it has the consistency of water . If it is n't a minor infection though , you 'll definitely need more than one bottle and the total cost with shipping can really add up if you do n't keep that in mind .
 This product is less messy than some of the other ointments sold for demodex / Skin irritations . My dogs skin was very red and irritated . This product seemed to bring her skin back to normal . Easy to use . Mess free .
 My Cat 's neck completely healed . He had a reaction to a cleaning product . i would recommend this product.Thank you : -RRB-
 My dog was suffering with manged and basically ate a patch of fur out . Leaving a nasty scar . I did n't spray the product directly on her . I put it in my hand and massaged it in gently as she has thick fur . Within a couple of days the sore was gone and the hair is growing back . I am truly satisfied . If you have a dog that dislike spray bottles then I suggest massaging as I did . After she realized how it comforted her , I could later spray it on . No odor to the product . My dog has white fur in the affected area , no discoloration or greasy build up from this product . I highly recommend !!!!!
 I have used this on my cat who has yeast on her skin and it really stopped the itching.I just tried it on myself as something had been biting me and it let me get a good nights sleep without the itching . I figured if it would work on the cat , why not me.I could n't get to a dermatologyst yet sot this helped with the terrible itching . I now know that it really does work.Not written by David
 I have to give my cat an asthma pill so I grind it up and put the powder in some of this stuff , and she really goes for it . I save half a can in the fridge for the next dose a couple days later . Both the cat and I find this product quite workable.My veterinarian recommended this particular flavor because she finds cats always go for it .
 I ordered this from OnlinePetDepot . It turns out it 's actually Malaysian Driftwood , which I am happy with , not some cheaper driftwood treated somehow so that it would sink like the ad made me fear . It 's a pretty nice piece , of course nothing beats choosing the piece yourself but I was n't sure where to get it around here . Happy with the product .
 I was worried what I 'd get since I could n't pick it out myself . It looks similar the display photo but a bit darker . I boiled it 3 times before I put it in my 10 gallon tank and it removed enough of the tannins so the water has n't changed color at all . Overall I am pretty happy with how it looks . I added a photo to customer photos .
 The quality of this driftwood is great , it 's heavy self sinking malaysian wood which is really nice . The only thing I am disatisfied with is the shape . While it is a natural piece , it has no shape at all , it is a flat stick shape . It is long though , and a couple of inches thick , it just has no design to it . I leaned it up against the wall of the tank , and actually looks pretty good and my fish like it -LRB- needed to lower the pH and a few pieces of driftwood are suposed to help -RRB- also my pleco needs it for minerals I guess . Looks great with live plants . Overall OK for the price .
 I 've never gotten driftwood before and was curious as to what I was getting myself into . But one of my fishes apparently NEEDS it . This driftwood looks beautiful in the tank and gives such a natural look and environment . My java fern sticks to it like glue ! No complaints . You will need to boil it first or soak it as the water will turn slightly amber at first . Then with your regular water changes it goes away .
 Product looked similar to the one pictured . I also soaked my driftwood in hot water 3 times throughout the day prior to putting it into the tank . Will definitely buy again .
 Received a very nice , natural-looking -LRB- no visible cut ends -RRB- upright piece . Sank immediately and did n't visibly yellow my water despite not pre-soaking . Exceeded my expectations .
 I ordered a piece of driftwood from this company and it came to me in about 2 or 3 days . Which was way faster than it said it would arrive . So that is good . Its the size they said , its pretty cool . The only thing i dont like is the picture is not the product . But that is all that bummed me out .
 I received my Malaysian Driftwood and followed the reviews to boil it first . Actually , If you really want to get rid of the tannins before putting it in your tank I suggest repeated boilings . I was able to use a large stainless steel pot -LRB- this prevents staining -RRB- and boil the submerged wood for at least 30 minute intervals . Dump the stained water and repeat . It took me 7 procedures before the water was almost clear after boiling . It makes a big difference and avoids clouding the water in your tank .
 Item shipped fast and looks good in my 125gallon freshwater . I would not put this size piece in any tank less than a 30 + gallon . Also , I recommend getting two pieces to prob against each other . That is what I did and it looks awesome . Thanks guys . .
 Obviously any piece you get will look different from the display picture , as this is real wood and not resin . The piece I received is very large and very nice looking , I do n't see any ugly marks of any kind . It does n't even appear to be turning my water yellow-brown which is a plus !
 I bought 2 of these Large 16 '' -20 '' chunks of wood and I am happy . I bought some from another place and was not happy with the Quality it was a low grade wood Chunks would fall off of it . BUT THIS ONE ... . This is a good solid piece Great colour a high grade then others . Yes it looks nothing like the photo but DUH every piece of wood is different . I will post a photo of my pieces in my 80 Gal tank.Its always best to pick out your own wood but I can never find any good size piece at the stores near me so I took a chance I 'm happy I did and so are my Discus .
 A great purchase , well worth the money . Other nearby stores sell the same for double the price . It had a great unique shape . I will be purchasing more in the future . Shipped quickly as well !
 I was very sceptical regarding this product due to lack of actual image that would give me an idea as to what it looks like . It arrived today and I was shocked -LRB- positively -RRB- driftwood 's shapes are really interesting and resemble big roots of trees with plenty of crevices and interesting patterns , naturally shaped no cuts or human interference on the driftwood . For this price I highly recommend it to anyone . I have purchased two of the large and one small , both large ones are totally different from each other offering a variety ways of placement . Very happy , would definitely buy it again .
 This piece is big and heavy . But not very exciting . No branching , just plain looking . But it works for my setup . I realize it 's by chance when you order it !
 I was very happy with the piece of driftwood I got from this purchase . It did have a staple in it to attached the little information card , but the staple came off easily with a flat head screw driver.The wood did drop the pH and gH in a 20 gallon tank , but after a couple of water changes I am not seeing much of a difference .
 Good color and nice size ; my only complaint is that saw marks are clearly visible on the ends . What matters most is that my fish like it . It looks so much better than the artificial plastic molded wood I had before .
 I wanted a tank that was space efficiant and looked better than a regular square tank . This one is acrylic and has no seams i ordered the 20 gallon from Petco online since shipping was free . Beautiful view with fish in it . You will need to be mindful it does n't have a top it 's one unit so your ornaments and rocks will have to between i believe 5-6 inches wide . It comes with a hood but only downfall is no light . Petsmart has them and it was a 12 '' light . Overall very happy with this tank and fits nicely in the corner on an end table so i did n't have to buy special furniture for it to be on .
 Eradimite - 1 ozSeems to work well . I used it on a stray cat with a very bad case of earmites in both ears . I first used several Q-tips moistened with DermaPet Ear Cleaner to get as much of the brownish-black gooey stuff out of the ear canals . Be careful not to push to hard , but try to clean inside the folds & as deep as you can . When the Q-tips start to come out with just a light brown film on them , it 's time to squeeze in the Eradimite . Use just enough to fill the ear canal & then bend the outer ear down over the canal & massage it all the way to the base . You will need to repeat the Eradamite about every 2 days for about 10 days . Then clean one more time with DermaPet & check for any brown color on the Q-tips . Do one more application of Eradimite & you should be done . My stray has been ear mite free for about 2 weeks now.I used this stuff the first time about 2 years ago after the vet tried 3 times with their own prescription medication -LRB- which never worked & was $ 25.00 each treatment -RRB- . The Eradimite did the job in less thn 2 weeks then . I 'm pretty sold on this stuff .
 well i 've used this on 2 kittens and its taken the ear mites off both of them , granted it takes more than one application but it gets the job done . on one kitten it took about 4 days to rid her of the earmites and on the other one who was more infested was about 10 days . the smell is good compared to other products , it 's a bit minty . i foster so going to the vet to treat EVERY kitten 's ear mites would have drained my bank account but thanks to this product , that has n't happened .
 It did what it was supposed to do . It was delivered to the home and I used it one time . It did what it was supposed to do .
 Ca n't find these in any store and my dog is addicted to them . I buy 10 at a time and give her a new one when the old one is chewed and smelly . She uses it like a pacifier , too ! These are not as large as the last ones I bought , but could not find any anywhere that were larger .
 We 'd had one before and it was a favorite . Then he lost it , so this time I ordered 3 . Fun to throw and fun to catch - with squeeker , no less !!
 My GSP loves balls and now a football . I expect to have to sew it a few times but every stuff toy in my house goes through that . Great product and it was shipped out immediately .
 It 's small , but definitely measures true to advertised size . The squeaker is pretty weak , though . I bought this toy as a prop for my Rottweiler 's Halloween costume . I do n't expect it to last long once I give it to her .
 It really is just the best chinchilla food . Ours love it and it has a fresh , vibrant look to it with lots of great variety of morsels -- not just interminable pellets . Even the pellets it does have are denser , larger , and greener than the common varieties .
 After eating this stuff , my Chinchillas will NOT EAT ANYTHING ELSE . This stuff is insanely expensive at Petsmart . I bought several bags on here for a good price -LRB- mine came out to about 4 $ a back , compared to 15 $ at petsmart -RRB- . Highly recommended , mine loved it .
 After getting used to the product , my dog actually looks forward to having her ears cleansed with Oti-Clens Ear Cleaning Solution . I should 've tried this product a long time ago . Her hearing slowly became progressively worse . After using this once a day for a week , her hearing was improved , she was no longer totally deaf . She can now hear better and is a much happier dog , back to her bouncy self .
 We have 2 labs they need to have there ears cleaned a few times a month or so to prevent infections . We also foster homeless Labs and lab mixes , they always arrive with dirty ears and infections , this product works for them -LRB- unless serious enough to require prescription care -RRB- .
 My dog first developed ear infections when she was 1 . No matter how much I trimmed and cleaned , the germs would just build right back up . I bought this from my vet and used it bi-weekly for two weeks . I could see I was removing less and less dirt from her ears each time . I returned to the vet to have her ears swabbed to make sure the infection was cleared up , and to my joy , it was . I use this religiously and her ears have remained spotless . Unfortunately , a short time ago my vet changed brands . I tried the new brand and her ears instantly filled up with dirt . She was scratching and the perfume emitted from the new cleaner was horrible . Oti-clens , however , does not have any odor and it does not leave the ears sticky with any residue . I quickly checked amazon and ordered multiple bottles . After about two weeks of daily use her ears are now perfectly clean and she is no longer scratching . This will be the only ear cleaner I will ever use .
 Very good for a doggie with skin allergies , rather than going to the vet and paying tons and tons of money , you can bathe them at your own home . when your doggie has skin allegies or other skin conditions , bacterial , etc. . . this is a great product to use .
 This is the only shampoo I 've tried for my dog that gets rid of the cornnut smell ! He 's squeaky clean and smells great . Not to mention it healed a mild skin rash on his under belly .
 I tried every Glucosamine formulation and brand , but my dogs hated all of them . They had to be ` pilled ' to dose them , until I tried these baked square biscuits . My dogs LOVE them ! I do n't even buy dog treats anymore , because they think their medicine is a treat now . This is the only glucosamine product I 'll ever buy again .
 My neutered Miniature Schnauzer had a chronic urinary tract infection for 5 whole years before I saw someone online with a similar story claiming this product fixed it . I 'd been to the vet and tried EVERYTHING , so this could n't hurt . It was completely GONE in 3 weeks !! I am astounded ! When I adopted my male German Shepherd , he had a similar problem , and it 's a perfect fix for him too ! I could n't recommend this product more ! I really tried everything to solve the Schnauzer 's problem ... He oozed nasty stuff on the bed and literally would stand there dripping in the vet 's office and had trouble urinating . He was on special diets , medications , routine cleanings -LRB- painful -RRB- and nothing worked , until I tried this product . I just wish I discovered this 5 years ago ! Both dogs are healthy now , and have a balanced pH , so no stones -LRB- even though Miniature Schnauzers are very prone to stones -RRB- ! I give it to them regularly about once a week to maintain their urinary health and it could n't work better !
 After the vet found struvite crystals in our German Shepherd 's urine they put him on a 6 week crash diet of disgusting canned food with high acidity to break down the crystals . They wanted us to keep him on a prescription diet for the rest of his life , but the quality of the food was low , despite how expensive it was . We put him back on regular food , but 6 mo. later the crystals were back . We found the berry balance and have had him on that for about 6 mo. . Just got tested last week and NO CRYSTALS ! Much cheaper and less traumatic way to treat struvite crystals .
 I adopted a female dog 11/2 years ago . She came to me with Struvite Crystals . I was sure we could get rid of them with a proper diet , but after going through four different types of food and no change , I was at my wits end . I refuse to put her on the prescription diets that the vets sell as a complete and balanced diet , when the truth is , not only are the diets junk , but the manufacturers themselves admit that they are not meant as a long term diet due to their lack of protein . I had resorted to putting cooked rice and green beans on top of every serving of dog food , which was a pain and while it lowered the amount of crystals in her urine drastically , it did n't completely get rid of them . Then the owner of the pet supply store I purchase my dog food from suggested Berry Balance . I know Solid Gold makes good dog food , but they also make a lot of supplements that I feel are un-necessary , so I was skeptical of whether or not it would help , but decided to give it a shot.The first week she was on it , I only put it on her morning time food , not her evening food and I missed a few days at that . Exactly seven days after starting it , I took her to the vet for an unrelated issue and had them check her urine ... NO CRYSTALS . I could n't believe it . I was having them check it so I could get a baseline to check against after a few months on the product . I could n't believe . One year of battling this issue and it was taken care of with a tiny bit of Berry Balance over one weeks time . I know that I 'll probably have to continue giving her Berry Balance for the rest of life to control the crystals , but it 's a lot easier than making food to go with her dry food every day and it has nothing but whole , healthy ingrediants in it . I 'm VERY pleased with this product .
 My mini longhaired dachshund had a bladder full of stones -LRB- formed from sturvite crystals -RRB- which required surgery . Of course I was told that she may get them again and to keep her on a perscription type of dog food which is absolutely made of the worst crap and has hardly any nutritional benefits . ANYWAY , I read online about this product and took a chance . In additon to a high protein diet -LRB- Natural Balance -RRB- , distilled water only and Solid Gold Berry Balance , she has not developed any stones and in fact in December 2010 she had no signs of Struvites -LRB- the component of the stones -RRB- . I am not saying this is the miracle cure but it has helped my little girl . Currently we are waiting for a test to re-check for the Sturvites . Ultra-sound yesterday clearly showed no signs of stones : -RRB- I know i was a stress mess when I found out about her bladder stones and did all the research I could in order to prevent this from happening again . Berry Balance kept coming up in the research so I am a fan !
 My cat was experiencing some urinary issues . This was recommended by a friend . So far my cat is doing better .
 I have been using this for YEARS to manage the pH of my dogs urine . I had one girl with struvite crystals and an allergy to corn . The Rx food was out due to the allergy and made me leery anyway due to the fact it could swing her pH and make her oxalate crystals instead so I found this instead . Within a month her pH was normal and the crystals were gone . It manages to keep UTIs at bay as well when my crew rotates through antibiotics . This stuff is just really invaluable for a dog owner .
 This product makes it possible for my dog to eat a normal diet without experiencing the pain caused by struvite crystals when urinating . A heaping spoonful of this product in her twice-daily meals does the trick . Before finding Solid Gold Berry Balance , I was feeding her a vegan diet -- difficult for me , unnatural and unsatisfying for her . Now she can have a natural canine diet without pain .
 My female toy poodle was having difficulty making it through the night without urinating . I discovered that she had high ph urine readings . Within a few weeks of starting her on the Berry Balance she normalized and has no problems now for three months . Excellent product .
 I am using a second can , it did wonders for my two Shitzus , they are rescues and the little girlhad no hair and was very skinny at 9 pounds , the poor baby was in the street for too long , in 4 months she is now 16 pounds has the most beautiful hair a dog can have , this product made her a beautiful show girl .
 This product is amazing ! My 111/2 yr old great dane had lots of struvite crystals in her urine and a recurring bladder infection . After two rounds of very expensive anti-biotics , my vet wanted to start her on royal canon s/o . But the ingredients looked horrible so I started searching for other options . After reading other reviews , I decided to give it a try . We 've been using it as directed for about a month and just had another urinalysis . There were no crystals , no bacteria , the ph was perfect , and it was well concentrated so the vet also reversed her prior assessment that my dog might also have cushings disease ! I am soooooo thankful and amazed by how well this product worked !!!
 MY 3 YEAR OLD SHEPARD PH WAS HIGH , I GAVE HIM 2 TEA . A DAY FOR ABOUT 3 WEEKS AND HIS PH WENT FROM 8 TO 61/2 , THATS PRETTY GOOD
 I did not have the money to take my dog to the vet . We bought this supplement . It worked . She was dripping some gross stuff . We gave it to her for a few weeks morning and night . After a few weeks no more problems . I highly recomend this product .
 Keeps our dog 's chronic UTIs in check . Vets can not figure out his problem and we were tired of spending thousands on vet bills and medicine , not to mention the issue of keeping a dog on medicine . Their quality control may not be the best though . This is the second time I 've ordered it and the supplement is darker this time and our dog likes it less . If you have a picky eater it may be a problem.Update
 My Sheltie has been troubled by UTI 's for years ... this stuff works !!! It 's over a year and she has n't had one !
 Definitely recommend . Not mater what we did our dog was peeing in the house . At first we thought it was a behavioral problem till we found out it was crystals . Started buying the expensive food from the Vet till Berry Balance . This have worked great !
 Vet recommended it for my old dog , since passed away , to help his kidney function . five more words required , why ?
 My 4 yo Shih Tzu was diagnosed with UTI and struvite crystals resulting from urine that is highly alkaline . She was placed on antibiotics for the UTI and on a prescription dog food to decrease the crystals to prevent formation of bladder stones . Her vet also suggested to change her diet permanently to a prescription dog food to prevent future increase in struvite crystals . I was not very happy with that since the ingredients in the prescription dog food was crappy . My husband did a little research and found that feeding dogs cranberry supplements will acidify their urine . It made sense , since humans who are prone to uti 's are encouraged to drink cranberry juice to prevent infection ! I found this supplement and have been using it for the past week after my Shih Tzu finished her antibiotics and prescription dog food . So , now she 's back on her normal diet with this supplement , I am making her drink more water and having her potty more often . I 've checked her urine and her PH has been neutral to slightly acid with urinary pH between 5.5 and 7.0 which is what we want . Her PH when she was diagnosed was 8.5 !!! I am so happy we found this supplement .
 My dog seems to either like the taste or does n't mind the taste . Her crystals are gone , but I also switched her food to Hills WD on advice of her vet . Hopefully if I continue , her crystals wo n't come back . Easy to use and dose ...
 I purchased this product based on the advice of English Bulldog owners on an Internet site . I have a Bulldog that is prone to urinary tract infections , every few months it was back to the vet , antibiotics and $ 250 bucks . Well , I 've used the product for close to a year now , and no UTI 's ! So , I guess the product works . Based upon this fact , I have to say I love the product just from the aspect of my dog not having to suffer from constant UTI 's ... that in itself is a blessing . Then of course , I do n't always have to worry and watch for the signs of an infection , though I still do from force of habit , but I 'm also not spending $ 250 bucks every few months at the vet 's . The price of the product is more than paid for by not making those trips to the vet . If your dog suffers from UTI 's , I recommend you try the product . Ca n't guarantee it will work as well for anybody elses dog , but it sure worked for my Bulldog .
 In the past my female dog -LRB- Coton de Tulear -RRB- had been sporadically suffering from urinary tract infections . The vet also mentioned &#34; struvite crystals &#34; in her urine samples . After medication , the vet also recommended a cranberry based supplement knowing that my wife and I like more homeopathic routes.My dog has been on this product for 2 + years now . She has never minded the taste -LRB- it 's basically just cranberry and blueberry powder , so it tastes pretty good -- yes , i tried it -RRB- . Her UTIs / struvite crystal formation have subsided -LRB- knock on wood -RRB- . I believe this product has helped . I would recommend giving it a try if other medications have not helped or you want to try a homeopathic route.From a veterinary journal online -LRB- for whats its worth -RRB- concerning UTI prevention : Other preventive measures include giving your dog cranberry capsules , probiotics , and vitamin C.Cranberry doesn &#8217; t cure existing infections , but it mechanically prevents bacteria from adhering to the tissue that lines the bladder and urinary tract . Because they are continuously washed out of the system , bacteria don &#8217; t have an opportunity to create new infections .
 This product was delivered on time and as described . I am waiting for my dog to recover from surgery to use the product so I will comment later on how well the product works .
 Our female Crested gets crystals and UTI 's frequently and has to be put on a special diet . I also sprinkle the Berry Balance on her food and I believe this has helped eliminate her urinary issues ! Thanks for a great product .
 I am so please to report that Solid Gold Berry Balance has restored my greyhound 's urinary tract to health after about 2 weeks of daily use . All the swelling and irritation are gone and her urine flow is normal . I 'm so happy , and so is my hound . Thank you , thank you , thank you!She gets about 1/2 tsp . twice a day with her food . She 's 65-67 lbs . I 'm going to try cutting the dose In half now that she 's normal and see if we can maintain on a smaller amount .
 it cleared my dog 's crystals that were causing the swelling all you hafve to do is sprinkle it in the food and she loved it
 I adopted a dachshund and within 24 hours knew there was something wrong . I took her to the vet and 3/4 of her bladder was full of stones . The lovely humane society I adopted her from did the surgery for free but I payed my local vet to test the stones ... . struvite . My vet recommended the nasty medicated food , as the humane society said this was not the first surgery on this dogs bladder . As it was a owner surrender -LRB- which of course they did not note this problem , sheesh -RRB- , they said they fed the dog kibbles and bits , no mention of any other meds . I feed Miss Lily Organix dog food and this cranberry supplement about 5 days a week . I check her urine PH once a week . I have used this supplement for a year and her urine tests and PH tests come back perfect . I like that I can feed my dog a high quality food and still control her struvite stone problem . Thanks so much to this product !!
 This saved my greyhound from having to go on a special diet to treat his struvite crystals and chronic UTI 's . We used it successfully for a very long time after many recommendations and a lot of research . I only wish it were available via Amazon Prime .
 I give this product to both of my dogs . This keeps their urinary tract healthy naturally.Great product . Helps me stay away from vet .
 I HAVE BEEN LOOKING FOR A BELL FOR MY CAT WHO WO N'T STOP BRING HER PRIZES IN THE HOUSE ... IT 'S GETTING OUT OF CONTROL ... AND STUPID TEENY CAT BELLS CAN ONLY BE HEARD 2 FEET AWAY ... YOURS IS ABSOLULELY PERFECT ... . NOT TOO SMALL ... NOT TO BIGNOT A SINGLE CRITTER WHILE WEARING IT ... SHE DOES ` NT MIND THE SIZE AT ALL ... AND I THINK SHE THINKS SHE 'S JUST NOT A GOOD HUNTER ANY MORE ... HOORAY ... JUST ORDERED MORE ... . IN CASE SHE LOOSES HER COLLAR ... -LSB- WHICH HAS HAPPENED ... THANKS FOR A GREAT PRODUCT ...
 Shipping was very fast . Item arrived in perfect condition . I wished the bell would have been smaller . It 's too big for my cat . Therefore I have used it for my Christmas wreath.I guess I need a SUPER MINI Cat Cow Bell .
 My male cat loves this stuff and begs for it every morning . My female wo n't even taste it ! Go figure ! I believe it is a great product and maybe if my cats had not been older when we tried it they would both eat it .
 Great product for cleaning of dog 's ears . The price here is much cheaper than 1-800 petmeds .
 I use this for my floppy-eared labrador who seems compelled to dunk himself in water at every opportunity . Two other ear cleaning products -LRB- Veterinarian 's Best Ear Relief Wash & Dry for Dogs & Cats and Gold Medal Pets Clean Ears -RRB- I tried caused redness and irritation in my dog 's ears , so we are both quite pleased with the Nolvasan .
 I have been using Nolvasan Otic Cleaning Solution for my Dalmatian for 14 years . She is subject to yeast infections in her ears and Nolvasan really helps keep her free of these . I highly recommend this product to anyone with a floppy eared dog .
 I will definitely buy this item from you the next time . We show cats and do cat grooming part-time and have never had a problem with this product affecting cats ears .
 Product works best for my little Shi tzu . I use this with cotton balls and it works much better than any of the predone pads .
 Floppy-eared dogs are prone to bacterial and fungus infections , and they need constant cleaning to minimize them . Using this solution regularly will minimize the occurance and severity of the infections , but most dogs will also need medication to combat them . This solution works well for our Golden Retriever , and its much cheaper on-line than at the vet .
 This is the best for cleaning my cats ears and my puppy . It works great . I have used it for years and have no complaints .
 We have two miniature poodles which are groomed every 6-8 weeks . Our groomer , who has been doing our dogs for many years , prefers Nolvasan Otic to clean their ears - to the exclusion of anything else . It also came highly recommended by our Vet . HOWEVER , the lowest price we can find now is $ 33 for 16 oz . Two years ago , the same size bottle was $ 14 . I 'd give it 5 stars except for the price .
 This item arrived in perfect condition and sooner than expected . Great value , too . Recommend this vendor .
 I have used this product for years , but have n't found it as cheap as here . It is good for cleaning dirty ears on dogs and cats and can be used as an ear dryer too .
 We use this cleaning solution for cleaning my my dogs ' ears . It is the only cleaning solution we use and works very well .
 I have a Jack Russell terrier with very sensitive skin & itchy ears . This is the only OTC product I 've tried that actually helps him and seems to give him relief right away .
 This product is excellent . I use this often to clean my chinese sharpei puppy ears . This product was recommended to me by an internal medicine vet . doctor . He has the same dog like i do . Excellent !!!
 Nolvasan is the best product to-date for my poor little shar-pei 's labarynth like ear canals . It is a little costly but it works well .
 I 've been using this product for MANY years now . It 's the BEST , bar none . When you have a houseful of critters , this is the easiest and best way to keep all those ears clean and healthy . Precisely why I was happy to be able to get such a large bottle of this ; I can refill the little bottle to do the ears .
 The product arrived in good shape and in a timely manner . I 'm happy with this transaction and will order this product again when more is needed . I use this Nolvasan Otic to flush out the dogs ears , it seems to work well for this .
 Nolvasan Otic is excellent for routine cleaning of ears , especially for those drop-eared dogs like spaniels and hounds who may be prone toward ear infections . I 've used it for decades.Nolvasan Otic Cleansing Solution - 16 oz
 This was for my husband , it is our third aquarium . We have one outside , and 2 inside . He decided it was time to upgrade some of his older aquariums . He loves the rounded edges , and it is really pretty with the fish , rocks , and plants inside!A happy customer
 I have been looking EVERYWHERE for this catnip spray since I found a bottle of it at a local dollar store . This has to be the BEST catnip product of all time . When I spray it on my cats ' toys they go totally nuts ! Toys they have n't played with in years , ok months , are drooled & fought over . While I wish I were still paying a buck a bottle for it , its worth every penny just to find it . Ca n't wait to see them Christmas morning when they find it in their stockings .
 I will come straight out and say that kookamunga will be the most entertaining cat purchase you ever make . A few sprays of this turns my tiger stripped kitten into a tinier version of a NFL linebacker in the midst of a ` roid rage freak out . Give this to your cat and , in most cases , you will be in for an enthralling display of daring acrobatics and leaps of unbelievable heights . If you have two cats be warned , your cats will play fight extremely rough while hopped up on this stuff .
 My cats love this spray but they do n't roll on their toys that I spray with it they lick the heck out of them . My cats have all kinds of catnip scented toys that have lost their umph and so I spray them with this Kookamunga Spray and the cats really appreciate it . Me too since I do n't have to keep replacing toys with new .
 We bought on of these from a Bealle 's -LRB- clearance type store -RRB- on a whim and my three cats fell in love with it -LRB- even without catnip -RRB- . Rarely do all my cats like a particular toy.Unfortunately I stepped on it one day and crushed it beyond repair ... I did a search on the internet for ladybug cat toy and amazon had it .
 The aquarium is very nice and well constructed . The two main complaints are that the only hood that will work with this aquarium is the Eclipse 3 and that the Eclipse 3 does n't make a hood without the filter , just hood and light . You will need to be creative a buy an aquarium top frame like those use on glass tanks and cut the back side off as the 29 gallon frame is .5 inch shorter . You can then use a glass hood and add your own lighting.I should have done some extra research before this , but the dimensions of this tank perfectly replace the 29 gallon glass tank and stand that I have . The Eclipse 3 will add on another $ 130 to your cost , so be aware of this . I went the creative way and saved money , but not exactly what I originally planned as I thought any 30 inch hood would have fit ...
 This tank was a replacement to my old glass 29 gal tank . I wanted to get a larger tank , but not change the stand . I chose this because it had the same base dimensions , which allowed me to reuse my old base cabinet . I love it . It seems significantly larger than the old tank , and the seamless corners gives it a great clean look . The Eclipse 3 system provides plenty of light and adds to the clean look . It 's quiet too , although you definitely hear the sound of running water . Since it 's 24 inches tall , you need extra long arms :-RRB- , or just get a new set of tools to help with cleaning and planting .
 The last reviewer made to big of a deal about condesation overflow . Not a big deal .
 Does n't look like the original but works very good . The first time I bought one of these I was disappointed that the color was not the same as the original , but then I realized that the color did not make much of a difference since I could not find replacement parts for the cage from the original maker . It is a shame that they sell a cage for dwarf hamsters but it is so hard to find parts . I give it a four just for the color of the plastic tube and connector . It is a good buy anyways .
 I 'm very happy with this product . My cockatiels have been healthy and happy for over ten years . I 've been using this vitamin for about 5 or 6 years now . My Male cockatiel was plucking his feathers at one point and the vet suggested this vitamin , ever since he 's been great . Once in a while he gets plucky but never to the extreme he was . I also use all Lafeber 's Bird Food as well . Avi Cakes , and the cockatiel food , which are both combinations of seeds and pellets , since I could n't get the kids to eat the pellets.Michelle
 We have a parakeet -LRB- budgie -RRB- that has refused to eat anything but millet since it was 6 weeks old . It was very malnourished , and when it was sick , the vet told us to use these vitamins . We have been using these vitamin supplements for almost 1.5 years , and it has definitely made a difference in our bird 's overall health . They are very easy to use , and include a scoop to measure a daily dose correctly . Our vet told us though we should n't leave any water out for the bird that has the vitamins added to it for more than 4 hours to avoid bacteria growing in it that could make the bird sick , so make sure to change the water out if the vitamins have been added to it . We use the vitamins daily .
 I use this product everyday , its very useful for me , i liked it because of the low price and i really needed it .
 Easily dissolved in water ... a little goes a long way . Im glad knowing my birds are getting vitamins and this has been the easiest method .
 helped clear skin allergy from a shelter rescue initially with skin allergies , this in addition to a very healthy natural preservative free diet did the trick .
 With the exception of the expiration date being 05/08 & I purchased it in the begining of March 08 , everything else was good
 Salmon oil has been a culprit in giving dogs gas so we tried this on a recent rescue
 We give our Corgis a little shot of Flax Seed Oil every morning . -LRB- They also eat good food . -RRB- They have the most luxurious coats that you 'd ever want to see and feel . They never have skin infections . -LRB- They shed like the dickens . -RRB- We give a lot of the credit to Solid Gold Flax Seed Oil . It 's the only brand they 've ever had.Con
 this was the first purchase of this product -LRB- solid gold flax seed oil -RRB- that I made from Amazon.com . I was very pleased withthe price . It is more expensive on other sites , I was also pleased that I received it quickly . I have a female blue doberman with skin problems , she needs this flaxseed oil in her diet , so it is something that I am constantly looking for , I will be ordering it again from Amazon.com .
 Excellent - I would buy it again.I use this for my dog 's veggie cubes and it help their skin I guess .
 I was a little concerned when I ordered based on some reviewers saying that the product had an expiration date of shortly after it was received . However , I ordered anyway and am happy to say that mine came with an expiration of March 2014 , so I have a good year to use this - although it wo n't last that long with my two dogs getting a tablespoon each per day . It seems very fresh and seems richer/more concentrated than another brand I tried first -LRB- that went rancid before I could use it all -RRB- . My dogs love it and their fur is soft and shiny . My only -LRB- minor -RRB- complaint is that the cap is very messy - it is a twist on and off top and the oil just gets on the outside of the bottle where the cap goes and ends up running down the sides . I find myself cleaning the bottle and cap area every time I use it to try to keep it from running down the sides and pooling under the bottle in the fridge . Overall , great product , though , and you can ; t beat the price !
 This flaxseed oil is always delivered fresh , unlike others I 've tried that have been rancid or gone rancid very quickly -LRB- it becomes fishy instead of nutty smelling and tasting -RRB- .
 I add a teaspoon in one meal of food for my dog who is less than 25 pounds . It is recommended by Dr. Harvey 's Natural Dog Food recipe . The bottle arrived in good condition from the shipper . I will reorder this product when needed .
 My cats like these , and they do n't seem to have destroyed them , either . It keeps the cats from destroying too much else in my house.The only cons are that they fit under furniture better than some toys , and so get lost easier , and they 're pretty hard and hurt my feet if I step on them with bare feet in the dark of night .
 My cat is crazy for these mice . There must be some potent catnip in here , because she loves them . They are small , but the bites them , chews them , bats them around her paws , and throws them up in the air and catches them . And they stay in one piece . Very sturdy mice.Since these are her favorite toys , I aim to please her , and can not say enough for this product . And in my eyes , the mice are really really cute .
 My cats like these mice almost as much as real-fur mice . They are more durable .
 The only thing about these little mice that i do n't like is that they do n't rattle , and it 's my fault for assuming that they did , but the kittens still throw them around and have fun with them .
 The cat loves the sturdy yet soft Sisal soft bite mice toy . Reasonable and durable cat toy .
 my family has used this product with our dogs for years . when my dogs got skunked -LRB- by skunks that live on the river bank -RRB- , i was forced to buy a competing product -LRB- nature 's miracle -RRB- and it was worthless . i was literally counting the hours 'til the local store the sells odormute opened . this product works 100 % on skunk spray and or course , lesser odors like urine etc. i was skeptical when i first bought this product a few years ago that a natural enzyme could somehow eat odors , but i 'm a true believer at this point . i have n't found , or heard of , any products that can do what this does . highly recommend ...
 This stuff works great , and the price ca n't be beat considering it can make several gallons.You need to know , for it to work you really have to soak the stain . The product has to come in direct contact with all of the smell for it to do it 's job . Soak well , let it sit for at least 30 minutes and then soak it up well . Repeat if the smell still lingers when mostly dry -LRB- it usually does n't -RRB- . This is NOT something you can just put in a spray bottle and mist the spot and expect it work , it wo n't like that.Here 's one way I use it . For couch cushions I remove the covers -LRB- mine are colorfast if wet -RRB- and soak them in a huge mixing bowl of the solution for at least 30 minutes . I then put the covers in the washing machine and just turn it to the spin cycle to spin out the water so they 're mostly dry . In the mean time I pour the solution from the mixing bowl into a large plastic tote container and let them soak in it as well . After a good soak everything goes out into the sunshine to dry thoroughly . Smells are gone ! I 've never found anything else that would get couch cushion non-smelly again without spending a small fortune since the volume you get is usually pretty small for the price.So how much does one box make?One tablespoon makes one gallon of basic solution . At this concentration you get 20 gallons from the 1 lb box . This is the strength they recommend for getting smells out of concrete , kennels , carpets , upholstery , litter boxes , garbage cans , smoke , diaper pails , etc.For skunk odors they recommend 1 tablespoon per quart.For clothes in a washing machine dissolve 3 tablespoons in a pint of water , then add the mix to washing machine , allowing clothes to soak in machine for one hour before washing as usual .1 tablespoon can also be mixed in with fresh cat litter to keep the litter box odors at bay.The enzyme powder must be mixed with warm water to activate . Anything from 45 to 140 degrees F will work , but anything over 140 will kill them and it wo n't work -LRB- so do n't use boiling water ! -RRB- . Solution should be used within 4 hours for best results.I should note , I use it at about twice the strength recommended in the instructions to make it work faster , and just because I want to be absolutely sure the smells are gone the first time around . Probably works fine at the label rate , but I 've just always doubled it .
 I originally reviewed this item in June 2012 , and was not happy with the product . I found that my house smelled of dog urine for days after use and was very upset about it and thought it didnt work . Well the smell eventually went away and after that I forgot about the product and what I had done . Then recently , now January 2013 , I realized that while I still haul my carpet shampooer in weekly to clean the one untreated room I have left , I have n't had to clean the other two treated rooms . My dog no longer seeks out her favorite spots in those rooms to use as a toilet . It 's amazing and makes me VERY happy!I highly recommend this product to anyone who has a dog that habitually pees on the carpet . In fact , I think I 'll be purchasing more powder concentrate so I can treat the entire room that I have remaining as my dog does n't pick a particular spot but instead pees pretty much everywhere except on her peepee pads - go figure.This is what works for me
 Worked pretty well outside where our pet uses the bathroom . However in the bedroom where she accidentally urinated on the carpet and we didnt catch it in time , it didnt seem to completely work . Seemed to mask the smell in the air but if you get near the spot on the carpet you can still smell a strong odor of urine . And believe me I have tried everything on that spot ! If it was n't brand new carpet we would have already ripped it out .
 Eighteen years ago , after we bought our house , I notice a bit of an odor when walking past one of the small bedrooms . When I investigated , I found the previous owner 's cat had be using a corner of the room . When I put my nose down there , there was a stale cat urine odor almost enough odor strength to knock me out . I was sickened at the thought that my new home had such a problem . At the pet store I found Odormute and gave it a try . I mixed up the solution and I used a $ 1.50 or so spray bottle from CVS to thoroughly soak the corner . No more than a minute later I put my nose down there and smelled nothing but the gentle scent of wet wood . Like another reviewer said below -LRB- and as the directions emphasize -RRB- , the solution must come in direct contact with all traces of the source of the odor . That means a thorough soak . Also , it 's best if no other product or cleaner has been used prior to Odormute . They might chemically convert the source of the odor , or leave a protective film that prevents Odormute from full contacting and eliminating the odor.We have cats of our own , so I 've never been with odormute for these eighteen years .
 This stuff just amazes me . I made one sprayer full and did the whole house , finding old stains with a UV flashlight . It does n't remove the stains that show up that way , but the odors are gone and the cats no longer show any interest in any of the old spots .
 We moved into a new home that had obvious animal smells . After doing an initial carpet cleaning the smell really came out , We mixed up a batch of this product and followed the instructions and what a difference ! The smell is barely present and makes the house livable till we can replace the carpet .
 Odormute works on very difficult odors -- like cat urine in thick carpet . I tried dozens of products that said they would work and did n't until I found Odormute . You need a * little * bit of patience because it does n't work until it drys . Another slight disadvantage is that you ca n't keep it ready
 I do n't have any other products to compare it to but i can say that it worked well for my issue of cat urine that seeped into a hardwood floor . i did n't like leaving a puddle of water on the floor . as expected it cupped the wood a little bit , but once it dried wood returned to normal state and oder was completely gone
 We use Odormute on the two oak trees where we have mounted an aerial dog run for our male hound . His urine is extremely strong and stinky ! We apply this mix 2 to 3 times every summer , and it helps .
 Amazing for any kidn of oprganic odor !!!!!! 1 Don ; t be without it ! Skunks etc not a problem with this on hand
 Odor Mute is great stuff , and MUCH less expensive than already-mixed products . You can mix it -LRB- as per the instructions -RRB- in different strengths depending on the odor you need to get rid of . I 've used it for washing dogs that have gotten into skunks , car upholstery that smelled funky , and male cat spray . You have to be careful not to use any other type of cleaning products before you use the odor-mute , and you have to wait until whatever you are washing is perfectly dry . But the odor will be gone . A small box of this powder will last a long time .
 I have dogs . I have a cat . I have used Odormute on and off for about 20 years . I have tried other products . NONE of the others worked as well as this . It is easy to use , it is relatively inexpensive and it WORKS . I have recommended this to friends and they are amazed . I can not recommend this product highly enough . Wish I could buy it at local pet stores , but they sell higher priced , less effective products .
 I have used this product for 30 years . Not kidding . I tried different products cause my local pet store closed and Pet Supplies Plus does not carry this anymore -LRB- do n't know why -RRB- . Nothing is as good ... NOTHING . . it does not mask the order with strong perfume smells . It last a long time . The Best !!! I hope they never stop making this product . I 'm so glad Amazon carries this stuff . Amazon is the best for finding product from all over .
 On large areas though , it has n't done much for me . I have more than doubled the concentration on a couple occasions and it just is n't going to get it out . This stuff has worked on small spots for me with no problems though . I think that one carpet is just to far gone for it to really help it .
 Tried nature 's miracle skunk odor remover . Our breeder suggested odormute . Odormute worked unlike nature 's miracle . I highly recommend for any dog that feels the need to meet a skunk
 I left basically this same review under the Natures Miracle product in which I gave a one star : Recently decided to clean my carpets as I just got a new puppy . I wanted to pretreat any unrine stains/spots before I decided to use my new Hoover Steamvac -LRB- also just purchased from Amazon -RRB- . Took out my old trusty blacklight and found that the previous owners of my condo must have had a dog/cat because pee stains were all over the condo and in every bedroom -LRB- have n't had my pup long enough for her to do it -RRB- Anyway I tried the Simple Solution enzyme cleaner on a couple of the stains and it worked ok but I needed something stronger . Bought 2 of the 1.5 gallon Nature 's Miracle and totally soaked the stains in two of my rooms using both 1.5 gallons ! I wanted the smell gone so I followed I did as the instructions said and it still smelled pretty much the same after . Then after reading some reviews I came accross another reviewer who said that a product called Odormute was good and much cheaper http://www.amazon.com/Ryter-Odormute-Eliminator-Concentrate-Unscented/dp/B0002D3250/ref=sr_1_1?s=pet-supplies&ie;=UTF8&qid;=1336230826&sr;=1-1so I bought some and it arrived yesterday , I mixed it up in a `` garden sprayer '' making it double the concentration the instructions said . Soaked both rooms again , and let it sit for an hour . Went back over it with the hoover steamvac , not in cleaning mode but just to suck up all the water and solution . Let it dry overnight and to my surprise the smell was gone and neutral -LRB- since the odormute I purchased was scentless -RRB- I highly recommed it and it was soooooo much cheaper than all the other enzyme cleaners I have wasted my money on . Going to soak my 2 Large shag rugs in it tomorrow and pressure wash them out ! Very excited someone recommended another product on their review !!!!
 I originally discovered this working for a vet . They used it as an odor remover for everything from laundry to concrete dog runs . It really works . I use it mostly for laundry , de-skunking dogs , etc. . I even used it on car upholstery/carpeting for a milk spill , and another time when my car was flooded in the street during a storm . Works like a charm every time !
 Our rescue kennels had received complaint about odor from a house nearby . Started looking for something to help with the problem beyond daily cleanup . This product did everything it said it would do and then some . Very pleased with results . Used a power washer to spray the product . Easy .
 We have a German Shepherd that spends a lot of time in the water over the summer - he always gets this musty , pond smell - and it is awful . We could not get rid of it - until winter - until we found Odermute . It is amazing stuff and it always gets rid of the smell . He has never had a skunk or other issues - but this would definitely be worth a shot if you need to try something .
 This product definitely removes the urine smell from the carpet , even from the pad . Easy to use . Glad I have it .
 I purchased this item to go with my Droll Yankees Shepahards poleDroll Yankees SEP 68-Inch Shepherds Envy Pole with Hanging Arm -LRB- see my product review there on the link -RRB- . This works very well with the Droll Yankees Pole systems . It attaches securly and easily . This is well made of very thick , sturdy plastic . SO far I have had mine for 2 months and although I have many squirrels , none have been able to make it past this squirrel guard . I highly recommend this with the Droll Ynakee pole system ! I bought a second one to go on my other pole .
 We have fat , healthy , determined squirrels , and this guard has kept them away from our feeders . I saw a squirrel climb a Droll Yankee pole , linger under the bowl for ten seconds , and then give up and descend the pole . It was fun seeing squirrel under glass . Now the squirrels eat the spilled seed under our feeders , and then stand and look wistfully at the feeders above them .
 I bought it together with the Droll Yankee GP Garden Pole and of course if fits nicely . No squirrels have been succeeded in raiding my bird feeders and this guard has saved me a lot of money ! Great quality!I 'm actually happy with the entire Droll Yankee pole system .
 This is basically a clear 15 '' diameter plastic bowl with a hole in the center that is sized to slip over a 1 '' O.D. Droll Yankees pole . There is a black plastic Collet Fastener installed in the bowl which is threaded allowing tightening of the bowl to keep it in place . It is suggested that the bowl be placed some 4 ' from the ground . This brings it fairly close to the feeders and the birds do bang into the bowl just as they do to a clear window . However since the bowl is installed with the large opening on the bottom the birds just slide off and continue on their way . I did not notice any sign of injury to the birds that collided with the bowl.This bowl is large enough to provide squirrel protection for the feeders if the squirrels are on the ground and want to climb the pole . Obiously it can not protect against an airborne squirrel invasion . To protect against this type of squirrel ambush it would be necessary to purchase another bowl and install it above the feeder.This bowl is a pricey bit of plastic but it installs in a matter of seconds , does what it is designed to do and it is much easier than building a bowl on your own . The cardboard insert that came with the bowl does not indicate where it was manufactured . Hopefully , like some of the other Droll Yankees products , it is made in the USA .
 I have several of these which makes it fun to change up the ovo habitrail . They work fine and I find are very versatile , as they allow you to connect various other pieces to make your design work . I have n't had a problem with the connectors , either .
 If used correctly , this product works great . I 've had no problem with battery and my dog 's barking is almost under control .
 HAVE 4 JACK RUSSELS , ONE WHICH BARKS NONE STOP . COLLAR WORKS WONDERS ON THE BARKING JACK . IF THE OTHER DOGS BARK THE COLLAR DOES NOT `` SHOCK '' THE BARKER.NEIGHBOR WORKS GRAVEYARD AND IS VERY THANKFUL . WE HAVE PEACE AT HOME THANK YOU .
 I love my dog , but my neighbors do n't have to . She is a yapper and I dreaded letting her out early in morning or late at night . Needed to do something and this was it . She learned very quickly that barking when collar was on was not appropriate . Problem solved .
 I bought this collar for my 5lbs Chihuahua . He hates it , but it does the trick ! I feel safe leaving home while he 's wearing it . It has 10 correction levels so it only sends a little static out then gradually goes up until he stops . It also shuts off for 3 minutes if he barks more than 15 times consecutively which is a great feature . He freaked out the first time which made him bark more but I left it on as per the directions . He understands it now so he stops barking . Read the instructions before using !
 This collar worked wonders for my little yipper . I tried a couple of other ones , including the ctronella , but this one did the trick !
 I 've never written a review on here before , but I did read all the reviews before we bought this so I thought I 'd contribute . My Girlfriend moved in with a 12 pound Rat Terrier/Italian Greyhound mix . He did n't like the idea of not sleeping in bed anymore and had a barking issue . At 4:30 every morning he would go off and nothing could shut him up . Getting put in the crate did n't work . In the crate and in the basement when he started barking did n't work . In the crate and into the garage when he started barking , Nope did n't work . Tried one of those outdoor ultra sound things , nope , all that did was really bother the other dogs . Even put the ultrasound box in front of the crate with the crate in the garage . . My big dogs use an invisible fence -LRB- another good idea -RRB- so I was familiar with the shock collars and after 3 weeks of early mornings got permission to research stronger methods . . So we did a bunch of web surfing and review reading and ended up buying him this little shock collar , two nights later we had our first full night sleep in weeks . After 2 weeks we tried not using it a few nights , a month later we were done . Now he usually does n't need the collar and if he gets yappy in the middle of the day for no reason , showing him the collar usually does the trick.Its been 4 months now and I 'm back on here to buy a new battery . As previous reviewers noted they do n't last forever so we bought an extra battery when we purchased it . We did get at least a month and a half from the first one , with it on about 8 hours a night . I was going to try the low cost DIY battery build mentioned in one of the previous reviews , but we turn the collar on so infrequently now that the expensive battery does n't seem like an issue.I give it 5 stars and it was worth every penny . I was n't much of a fan of little yappy dogs before , but now that we have most of the barking under control I have a new appreciation for the ` big ' dogs in little bodies . Also it fits really small dogs , this guy is tiny and we were worried about size . Long fur may be an issue on other dogs , but he has very little hair .
 I was real hestiant in buying this but I have a Toy Fox Terrier that was biting at peoples heels and barking so loud that it hurt your ears . I purchase this collar and in about a week or so he has really calmed down , even when the collar is not on him . Now when the door bell rings he still gives a couple of light barks , I tell him `` guite '' a few times and he goes about his business and leaves my guest alone . He may still stiff their legs , but it has been a big change.I worried about it hurting his neck , but he is fine . Do n't hestiate to buy this great product !! BarbKentucky
 The description did n't mention the use of static as a correction technique , but I guess that was my fault for not asking . I did n't want a shock collar . It was a bit dirty , but otherwise it appears to be working well , the one time I used it .
 There was an ongoing battle with the wife . How do we stop the little dog from barking all the time . Our dog is part terrier and chihuahua . She 's full of energy and loves to run and bark . Unfortunately I work from home and had to deal with 80 % of her barking . It had to stop . I had tried PetSafe 's bark collar before . But it was too big . Then I ran across this collar for Little-Dogs . Most of the reviews were encouraging regarding the effect the collar had on barking . I let my wife read some of them ... especially the reviews written by empathetic pet owners who `` thought '' the electric shock was horrible . Until they tried it out and realized it was n't that bad.This collar has worked great for us . The dog wears the collar throughout most of the day . The first week I kept the collar in the ON position , ALL the time . Since then , I typically turn the collar OFF . The dog does n't know the difference . The `` shock '' informed her what the collar can do when she barks BUT the collar itself has become the real bark deterrent.Back to empathetic pet owners . The shock is not bad at all . It 's more of a sting , I 've tried it . In reality it just alerts or stuns our pup . She does n't get hurt.The only reason it gets 4 and not 5 stars is the fit . The description is a little deceiving , as it claims it for Little Dogs . Our dog is 11 lbs and the collar does n't really fit her perfect . It 's just kind of on there ... not snug , not loose , just there . We would tighten the collar but the device with prongs is pretty large for her . In my opinion this collar is perfect for a dog 15-18 lbs to 35 lbs . Anything smaller , or dogs with smaller necks it 's not really ideal.BUT ... IT DOES WORK . No complaints from me on that part . Oh yea , it also has a quick release design . This is great , once you get the collar trimmed and set , all you do is snap it on and off .
 I have a 16 pound Peekapoo , so I was worried his long hair would prevent the collar from working . It works very well and I did n't have to shave the hair around his neck . Just make sure it 's tight enough . The collar does n't prevent him from barking completely , it just reduces his barks to one or two `` alerts '' to let me know someone 's at the door , then he stops barking . This is exactly what I wanted , because I did n't want to confuse the dog and make him think barking was strictly prohibited . After 4 weeks of using the collar , the battery still works . We do n't use it every single day . Just on days when we think the dog will bark a lot because of all the activity outside or when we 're expecting guests . Works very well .
 Fast Shipment ... Would suggest these dog collars to anyone that has a dog that barks ... They would great and my dogs dont bark anymore !!
 This worked PERFECTLY for our bichon frise . He was a rescue , and we had no idea that he had terrible separation anxiety until after we got him . He would loudly bark nonstop for several hours at a time if he was left alone . This just ca n't do when you live in an apartment in NYC ... we would have been kicked out of our building very quickly.Unfortunately we could n't wait for shipping from Amazon , so I had to buy this from Petsmart for $ 50 more . We put the collar on our dog when we left for work , and he would bark a few times before getting a shock . Then he would stay quiet for the rest of the day . Within 4 weeks , he did n't need the collar at all anymore . Maybe he 's just too `` dumb '' to connect the shock to the collar but now he does n't bark when alone at all . The collar trained him off of it . He still barks when we play and other times when appropriate -LRB- so it did n't scare him off of barking 100 % , which is good -RRB- . I 've read the reviews complaining about the short battery life for this collar , so I bought two extra batteries just in case it ran out . But I 've never needed to replace it . We never left the collar in the `` on '' position all day -LRB- we only turned it on when the dog was actually wearing the collar during the workday -RRB- . But after a solid month 's use , it 's still going strong.I was very torn about getting a shock collar for a dog , but I just did n't think that alternatives -LRB- citronella , etc. -RRB- would solve the problem quickly/painlessly enough . The barking would also drive his little body into a frenzy and he 'd wear himself out with overwhelming anxiety . With the collar on , he 'd settle down and just lie down quietly . Without this collar , we would n't have been able to keep our otherwise lovely bichon . And on top of that , now he 's collar-free ! I would n't suggest this collar for small bouts of `` problem barking '' -LRB- when visitors come , when they see a dog through a window -RRB- . I think it probably works best for chronic barking problems . If a dog barks for just 1-2 minutes when the doorbell rings , it wo n't be enough of a learning period for them to pick up on it quickly .
 I have a teacup schnauzer , she 's about 6 lbs and barks A LOT . I finally got this collar and I have to say it works wonders . When she barks more than she should she actually cries from the zapping so I know it is working.In just 2 days her barking has decreased considerably . . now I hear her growling but she 's afraid of actually throwing out a bark ... . I think it will stop her from barking if I continue to use it.I also tried it on my other schnauzer , she 's 19 lbs ... . she barks horribly when someone knocks at the door . When we put the collar on her she actually ran upstairs to hide after the first few barks . We tried knocking at the door again 10 minutes later and she would n't even go near it ! No barking ! She seemed to associate the zap with the door which also works for us hehehe . She 's the type of dog that will run to the door barking loud whenever someone arrives and it 's embarrassing so this helps for sure!I will be making a video and posting a video review later on .
 I got this for my yappy 7lb Maltese a few weeks ago . He barked when the doorbell rang , but was cut short from the shock . Now , as long as the collar is on , he wo n't bark . I have to say though that he seems `` sad '' when he has it on . This could be from the guilt I have when I see him look at me with that device on . He starts acting normal again about 15 min later though . It 's gotten to the point where I do n't even turn it on sometimes b/c he knows not to bark with it on . I have yet to do a trial run without the collar on , but it 's nice to know that I can control his barking when visitors come over . I would keep it just to put it on him when I need him to not bark.I agree with the other reviewers that it does slide to the side of his neck at times . The battery has n't ran out yet , but I have n't used it a lot either . The rubber collar is pretty rigid as others have said . All in all , it does work for my dog !
 I was unsure of using this method in the beginning but after noticing a difference in just two days , I am extremely pleased with this product . My little one would go ballistic when she saw other dogs , now she is a perfect angel -LRB- she only wears it on our walks -RRB- . Once the appropriate size of collar has been established , the design of a simple click of the collar whenever removing and not having to remember which `` hole '' to put the collar through is absolutely wonderful ! Thanks . What a great product .
 This collar has been the only thing that has worked on our Lily . She 's very stubborn and thick skinned . The only criticism I have about this collar is that it really does tend to move around on her neck as others have stated . I do a lot of readjusting . It 's even tighter around her neck and still moves . However , this problem has n't affected it 's affect on her . She knows what it will do and wo n't bark . Worth the $ 80 for us . We like that it has two types of sensors
 This collar has worked wonders for my Cavachon . He runs to the door barking and jumping whenever the doorbell rings . Now , if I know we are expecting company , I put the collar on him first . It usually stops the barking completely . If he forgets and barks , he yelps after one bark and quits barking . I have also used it to stop him from barking at repair men etc. . It really calms him down and he seems less agitated , as if he quits worrying that he is supposed to protect me . He actually calms considerably even if I do n't turn the collar on.Unfortunately , we have a younger Cavachon who did n't bark at first , but once we started using the collar on the 1st dog , she took over the job of barking ! I have tried it on her , and it works for her too . I am going to order another one so they can both wear one at the same time . The older dog is larger , at 18 pounds , and she weighs about 14 pounds , It works well for both.I agree the collar is rigid and has sometimes slid to the side when I did n't have it fitted just right . Neither of these things have been problems though .
 I was skeptical after reading the negative reviews but ordered one from Amazon anyway . I feared the battery would give out quickly and ordered several right away . My dog went from very noisy to quiet overnight . We 're into the second month and still on the first battery . After such good results , my son-in-law bought one for their noisy barker . He had to shave his dogs neck for better contact and then had good results . One of the problems mentioned by other reviewers was that the collar got turned away from the throat when the dog scratched . We loosened the collar to allow it to slide easier back into position and both have worked extremely well . Our neighbors are happy .
 I bought this collar after much hesitation ... but once I realized I would rather stick sharp pencils in my ears then to endure one more day of nonstop barking ... I bought it ! She -LRB- a 5lb Yorkie -RRB- barked twice and has n't barked since!I just keeping hearing Depeche Mode singing `` Enjoy the Silence '' over and over in my head ... sweet , sweet silence !! Funny thing is she has actually been much calmer since she stopped barking ... like she was driving herself crazy too . Now everyone is happy and my other dogs do n't have to hide under the bed to get away from her ... There is hope in correcting bad behavior :-RRB- -LRB- With my other dogs I use an air horn but that did n't phase her . I do n't even have to blown the horn anymore ... they just have to see me holding it and they stop barking instantly . -RRB-
 Folks , I read every negative review on here and still bought this collar - and am SO glad I did ! We have a 35lb . Beagle/Spaniel mix who barked constantly - at nothing ! We tried absolutely everything ; training , negative reinforcement , positive reinforcement , ignoring so as to not reward the demand for attention - literally everything . We initially avoided `` Correction collars '' as we assumed that they would hurt the dog . Simply stated , we were wrong and should not have waited so long.The thing I noticed about the negative reviews is that they shared one common thread - they were all toy , wind-up dogs that were bred to do nothing but shake and yap all day long ! That said , I 'm doubtful there is ANY correction method short of a muzzle that will shut some of those dogs up . Unless you have a `` purse dog '' that runs on 9-volt batteries and yaps at its own shadow , DO NOT pay attention to these reviews or allow them to dissuade you from purchasing this collar!My adventure began as such ... After exhausting all direct training techniques we moved to audible correction - those units that respond to barking by emitting a high frequncy sound that `` interrupts '' the barking . We encountered several problems with this . First , the dog either could n't associate the noise with barking OR became used to the sound and ignored it . We also noticed that my own voice triggered the darn thing and actually CAUSED the dog to bark . In short , this was n't a viable option.While shopping at Pet Supply Plus for `` Alternative '' training methods , I met a nice lady who trains police K-9 units for a living . She explained that the type of barking we were experiencing was the dog demanding our attention and that any manual corrective action simply rewarded the dog by doing exactly that - getting our attention . She explained that she uses these -LRB- The large-breed model -RRB- on her Sheppards to teach them to ONLY bark on command - she removes the collar and commands them to bark sans correction . This teaches them to ONLY bark when instructed to do so . Any other bark is automatically corrected while wearing the collar . Being at wits end , I was prepard to try almost anything so I bought it and brought it home THEN I read all of the bad reviews . Being completely disheartened by what I read , I prepared the collar anyway and put it on the dog just to see.To my absolute amazement , it worked beautifully ! I did notice a few things that I will regard as `` Tips '' to make this an effective training method . First , it does NOT hurt the dog ! The first correction simply startles them . Subsequent corrections will NOT elicit the same response , so do n't remove the collar for fear it is hurting your dog - it is n't . Next , it WILL tend to move about the neck a bit . Make certain the collar is tight enough -LRB- per the instructions -RRB- and movement is minimal . Repositioning here and there has all that has been required . Next , make certain you place the collar low on the dogs neck when clasping it and then pull it up so that the unit stands the dogs fur up and the probes make contact . I noticed a few times the unit corrected that had no effect -LRB- the light blinks red when correcting -RRB- . Sliding the collar up against the grain of her fur corrected the problem immediately without any shaving . Finally , IGNORE any instance of barking and let the unit do the job for you . Once the dog has settled , THEN reinforce the corrected behavior.It has only been a few days , and the dog no longer barks even when she is not wearing the collar . We will continue with the training for another week or two , but it looks like we 've accomplished the goal . Oh , and the battery life has not been an issue at all ! I could n't be more pleased with this unit and HIGHLY RECOMMEND this to anyone who is having problems with barking - except maybe those with `` Toy '' breeds . Good luck and happy training !
 I have owned this bark collar for my 30 lb springer and it works wonders . I do have to keep her neck shaved to prevent the hair from neutralizing the shock . Lots of people are complaining about the battery , I have owned my for 3 + years and changed the battery 3 times . I have used other petsafe collars on my larger springer and the batteries have been horrible . I am going to by this same collar for my other dog if he ever starts barking again . He used the collar for about 1 month and problem solved , he is a very sensitive boy . I would recommend this collar to others but probably not for dogs under 20 lbs do to the plastic collar .
 The only thing i dont like about this collar is if you buy it for a chihuahua the collar dosent fit him well . It gose small enough but the rubber collar dosent stay in place.It gose to the side . So the only way to make it stay in place is to put it on to tight or to lose . But if he barks loud enough it will shock even if the collar is to the side alittle . But it is better than the other collars because the are all to big for a chihuahua 's . This collar is small and light perfect for my dog .
 Perfect for my 15 lb Rat Terrier . Used to drive me crazy with his barking . Now he still barks when the doorbell rings , but other than that , he stays nice and quiet . Have used this collar for a month , still on my original battery and have no complaints to speak of.Initial reaction
 We have two little yippers , and though it was a little tough getting it to work on our Pug , because she does n't have much of a neck , we found that taking off her regular collar when this one is on did the trick . The `` correction '' does get their immediate attention , and the barking stops . Well done !
 These collars work great on my two Cavalier King Charles Spaniels.I tried both the wireless systems and the wired systems , and this one is the best.The batteries last about a month.My dogs are rather timid , so this training method seems to work well .
 Very pleased with the results I have recived with this product . It is a effective way to break a small dog of a bad habit that could cause someone to give up on a good pet .
 It shocked my Yorkie on to the right path and now he does n't really need it . So it 's in storage : -RRB- I will break it back out , if he goes back to his barking old ways.Make sure when your dog is wearing the collar you teach him the reason for the ZAP , otherwise he wo n't know what 's happening and what 's it for.Good product .
 If you have a barker and close neighbors , this is a must . It stopped the barking by the end of the day for us . I was impressed . Please read and follow the directions . Do remove it when the dog is playing with you or other dogs .
 I bought this collar to train my doxie . He 's a great little watch dog , but needs to learn when not to bark . So far so good . The best feature is that it has an on/off switch . It saves on your battery .
 our dog would bark at strangers & friends when we would let them into the house to drop off a package or just to hang out , even after we told him it was okay and to be nice . So a friend recommended this collar & it 's been the best thing ever . He learned his lesson when we had our couches delivered and would n't stop barking at the delivery men . Definitely recommend it to others .
 We have tried this collar and the Tri tronics bark collar for small dogs , and the Petsafe collar is smaller and seems to be more comfortable on our 3 small dogs . The other thing we like about the Petsafe collar is that it is self-adjusting , so if your dog barks once and the first mild shock does n't correct the barking , it automatically increases the intensity of the shock . The intensity of the Tri tronics collar needs to be manually adjusted by you . Both are good products , but the Petsafe collar works better for us and our mini dachshunds & Papillion .
 I have a boxer puppy and I am crate training her . Within a few weeks of use this device has taught her not to bark when she goes into her kennel while I 'm at work . I bought this tool initially because I was concerned that her persistant barking would break the sanity for myself and the neighbors . It 's a great tool when used correctly and consistently . -- updated -- Yes , the fact that you have to buy a `` special '' battery for the device is ridiculous , but you ca n't deny that it stops the yapping . Make sure you place the device on your little yip-yip snug enough and in the right place as detailed in the directions . Also , be persistent with usage or the dog wont learn to be quiet . Initially , batteries lasted only about 2-3 weeks , but now I go over 3 months on one battery , if I even need to use the collar at all.Great for helping the dog settle down when kennel training.The advantage of some of the Innotek products is that some do n't require any special battery , but be careful , some do require plugging in to a special charger station -LRB- batteries not replaceable in some units -RRB- .
 I hesitated ordering this type of collar for a long time until the barking drove me crazy . My dog is extremely small , but I still have one more hole I could use on the collar . I had to cut much of the end off . My dog does not bark more than one bark when the collar is on whether it is turned on or off . If she realizes the collar is off and begins barking she does n't continue as much . The shocks did not hurt her . She never cried or yelped and she does not mind putting the collar back on . I am careful to turn the collar off when she does n't wear it so the battery has lasted more than two weeks . I bought an extra to be safe . So far I am very satisfied with the collar . I do have to continue using it though .
 I agree with many of the other reviewers -- the collar does have some issues , but it works for my dog -LRB- 13lb short hair mutt -RRB- . He will get riled up & run outside and then you hear `` bark , bark , yelp ! '' . If he 's really upset with the cheeky squirrels he does it again . But a third episode is VERY rare . It does n't always stop him from barking , but clearly he knows the consequences and barks anyway . If he 's growling first then he 'll get zapped on the 1st bark -LRB- the vibration of the growl seems to alert the collar -RRB- . This is totally fine -- Our goal was to stop him from getting worked up and barking non-stop and it absolutely does that . We do n't expect him to be quiet 100 % of the time but he 's not allowed to go nuts over squirrels , there 's WAY to many of them in our yard , it would be never-ending ! We have not had any problem at all with the battery life -- we have had the collar for almost 3 months now and have not had to change the battery yet . That is completely acceptable in my opinion . I imagine this is because he just does n't bark and need correction that much at all - often he will bark just once which does n't trigger the collar to correct . -LRB- which is fine with me -RRB- . We are careful about not leaving it on for too long -- usually just when we ca n't supervise him directly , so maybe that helps as well.As other reviewers noted , the zapper does sit on the side of his neck as soon as he shakes his head . In our case -LRB- a very short haired dog -RRB- this does not seem to impede the correction . Even with the collar VERY tight it does not sit correctly . We leave it a little looser and it works for us.One thing I do wish is that the shock level and intensity were adjustable , and that the collar was more flexible and had a more minute adjustment for tightness.All in all , I am happy with the purchase . Looking at the other devices out there , they were all way too large for such a little dog , this does not weigh him down at all.Updated 3/12/2011
 I seriously would recommend this to anyone who has a yappy dog . Our yorkie mix , about 10 pounds , would bark at anything , and get the other 4 going . As soon as I put it on him he got the idea . I am now at a point if he gets yappy I just have to show it to him and he settles down.I 've had mine for a year now , and coming back to order a second one for the other barker Turbo the Tzu , so we can camp in peace this weekend .
 I do n't see why anyone would have issues with a domed caged ? This awesome free-wheel slips right through the dome holes of the Habitrail Ovo Mini and adjusts easily to hang comfortably for my 2 robo dwarfs -LRB- Lucky and Charm -RRB- to reach . This is more narrow and allows more room in the Habitrail Mini cage than the stock wheel , and it looks way cooler too ! Right when I put it in the cage the hamsters jumped in the wheel one by on and off they ran - as speedy as always ! It did shake a touch but they did n't seem to notice in the least bit . I find cleaning to be just as easy as the stock wheel and do n't understand the complaints ? Just remove it from the hanger , squirt on some soap , spray and rehang . Simple and takes 2 minutes ! It 's quicker than cleaning theHabitrail OVO Club Trainer , but I still spoil my Serian with one of those ! Overall , entertaining for both hamster and you , affordable , pleasing to look at and easy to clean !
 This smells very nice and does a great job on my dog . You do not need to use a lot at one bath so it lasts quite a while . I will definitely buy it again .
 I love the way this smells , it keeps my dog smelling mild for longer than most shampoos ... I have used this on my cocker spaniel for 2 years now and it is well worth the money
 Great tank . Lifetime warranty . The only downside is the light it came with . Underpowered for the size of the tank . Buy a quality light . Overall great buy .
 This tank is beautiful ! It came two weeks earlier than expected , and was packaged perfectly . As other reviewers stated , the light is garbage , but I planned on this and ordered a Marineland Double-Bright fixture which looks very sleek and gives off a very natural light . I am so happy with the quality of this tank , the acrylic gives you such a crisp view and the rimless look is very modern . I am extremely satisfied with my purchase . You can view a picture of my setup on the uploaded photos .
 Its a great product and a great idea , but my hamster broke it within the first 2 hours of using it . I left my hamster in the ball to run around freely while I cleaned her cage . I think she slammed it repeatedly into the wall , because she was just walking around the floor when I looked away from the cage . Now , the lid does n't stay locked closed , so I can only use the ball as a wheel within the holder .
 For some reason , I thought this would be a good fit with my hamster -LRB- 5 '' -RRB- , but of is made for a smaller mouse or gerbil . Luckily , my nephew was able to use it with his pets !
 I bought this ball to make eyes for a Deadmau5 head for my son and picked this brand because of the reviews about how it came apart pretty easily . Well , the one we received was super sturdy and if we had a little mouse to put in it , we would have felt comfortable with it being secure inside this ball.For our use it worked great too .
 I have a tiny little mouse and this was perfect for him and he really seems to like it and he can really make it go on the stand but it 's a little noisy .
 All I can say is that I had a hard time deciding if this aquarium would work for me or not . I ended up getting it and itis great . It has cut outs for a filter , a heater , and an opening to feed your fish . The opening has a clear cover whichyou can lift off or slide either way and I put a light on top of it . I got a 24 - 36 '' LED one -LRB- recommend -RRB- and it fits perfect.The light that it comes with is n't a very good one but the acrylic is far superior to any glass aquarium you can buy . Iwould definitely recommend this tank and am glad I got it .
 This product is too cute for words -- and functional , too ! I have looked high and low in the area where I live -LRB- Vancouver Island , B.C. , Canada -RRB- , and short of the usual hooks on offer , could not find a novelty hook for my dog lead . This product is very handsome and appears to be well made . I like the material used -LRB- sort of that black wrought iron look -RRB- . Of course , the `` Time For A Walk '' and my favourite breed 's silhouette perched on a doggie bone all add to the appeal/charm of this product . It is not too big and offers two hooks for leads . This would make a great gift that one could customize for the recipient .
 Of course wearing boots as a dog is not going to come naturally . And more than likely the first time they are put on them they will not only refuse to walk but once they do it will look pretty hilarious . However , once your dog DOES get used to them they are a wonderful protection to all the salts , dirt , etc that your dog would bring home otherwise . And they look adorable.Yes every so often a bootie will fall off ... but for the most part they 've been great for our shih tzu -LRB- who wears the extra small size -RRB-
 Oh my goodness I never laughed so hard after she started wearinf these boots ... Doggies do n't walk so well in them , but I was rolling on the floor ... I love them ... And now she walks in them much better
 The zipper helps add structure and keeps the boot in place on the paw . I 've tried others and they constantly slip off or twist around on his leg . Yes , the seams rip quickly or wear through the bottom , but all others are the same - so you just need to keep them in stock .
 The boots are made so wonderfully ! Very sturdy and showy . Only problem is that an xxxs is still too big for my chihuahua , like an inch and an eighth too big . They would fit a big yorkie maybe or a maltese . The package says an xxxs is for a toy poodle . I would recommend these shoes to anyone with a bigger lap dog , but I will continue to have to look for boots to fit my 3lb chihuahua .
 I love these booties . I have the matching coat and my dog looks absolutely adorable in the outfit . Great value .
 Our pointer/pit bull girl has permanent nerve damage on her front leg , from an accident before we adopted her . She must wear a bootie to protect her paw and pad , since she ca n't feel them . We 've tried 7 types of boots , including those for ` injured paws ' , and none of them stay on -- until this brand !! We live in FL , so I was n't keen on warm ` shearling ' boots , but my vet asst gifted me w/them and my gimpy little girl can now run HARD and play HARD , dig in the sand box and bat around toys w/out us worrying about injury . They wash up remarkably well , too ! -LRB- gentle cycle and cool dry -RRB- I 'm ordering 3 more pair !
 I got these for a miniature pinscher after we went in the snow New Years and he was lifting his feet from the cold . He only wore them in the house so far for about an hour but they never came off . He does n't like them , but after some getting used to they will be fine , and I 'm sure he 'll appreciate them next time there is snow . They fit tight and he does n't have trouble walking . They could be adjusted for a dog smaller or larger , our guy is 12 lbs .
 All four dogs in the house , as well as the dogs of friends love these , so there is no problem with the taste . They stay fresh in the internal plastic bag though the entire quantity . They work well for hiding large daily pills , even with one of my dogs who specializes in seperating pills from treats . I stopped daily feeds of these for around a month and my cattle dogs hair started getting `` dry '' ... two weeks into the re-start of these daily and her hair is back to a high luster shine , so I suspect these are working well for both cosmetic and medical use . This vendor ships fast and provides discount offers for future purchases .
 Of course wearing boots as a dog is not going to come naturally . And more than likely the first time they are put on them they will not only refuse to walk but once they do it will look pretty hilarious . However , once your dog DOES get used to them they are a wonderful protection to all the salts , dirt , etc that your dog would bring home otherwise . And they look adorable.Yes every so often a bootie will fall off ... but for the most part they 've been great for our shih tzu -LRB- who wears the extra small size -RRB-
 Oh my goodness I never laughed so hard after she started wearinf these boots ... Doggies do n't walk so well in them , but I was rolling on the floor ... I love them ... And now she walks in them much better
 The zipper helps add structure and keeps the boot in place on the paw . I 've tried others and they constantly slip off or twist around on his leg . Yes , the seams rip quickly or wear through the bottom , but all others are the same - so you just need to keep them in stock .
 The boots are made so wonderfully ! Very sturdy and showy . Only problem is that an xxxs is still too big for my chihuahua , like an inch and an eighth too big . They would fit a big yorkie maybe or a maltese . The package says an xxxs is for a toy poodle . I would recommend these shoes to anyone with a bigger lap dog , but I will continue to have to look for boots to fit my 3lb chihuahua .
 I love these booties . I have the matching coat and my dog looks absolutely adorable in the outfit . Great value .
 Our pointer/pit bull girl has permanent nerve damage on her front leg , from an accident before we adopted her . She must wear a bootie to protect her paw and pad , since she ca n't feel them . We 've tried 7 types of boots , including those for ` injured paws ' , and none of them stay on -- until this brand !! We live in FL , so I was n't keen on warm ` shearling ' boots , but my vet asst gifted me w/them and my gimpy little girl can now run HARD and play HARD , dig in the sand box and bat around toys w/out us worrying about injury . They wash up remarkably well , too ! -LRB- gentle cycle and cool dry -RRB- I 'm ordering 3 more pair !
 I got these for a miniature pinscher after we went in the snow New Years and he was lifting his feet from the cold . He only wore them in the house so far for about an hour but they never came off . He does n't like them , but after some getting used to they will be fine , and I 'm sure he 'll appreciate them next time there is snow . They fit tight and he does n't have trouble walking . They could be adjusted for a dog smaller or larger , our guy is 12 lbs .
 This is a nice small toy to carry around so your puppy can chew on it instead of your fingers . Our boxer pup loves this toy ... do n't know how well it will hold up when he is older , but it is perfect now .
 This little dog toy is just that , little . Good thing my dog is small . It 's still a nice toy and comes with an extra squeaker .
 My dog likes the toy , but it is small . The `` squeaker '' is kept inside by Velcro , and they come with an extra squeaker .
 These toys are among the best plush dog toys out there , and we 've tried several . I do n't think any are truly `` indestructible '' since there 's always a dog somewhere that will defy that claim , but these are well made and worth buying for the majority of dogs . Just be * sure * to buy the size that suits your dog ; do n't buy one too small that can be swallowed easily ! Dr. Noys ' toys are great in that they always include an extra squeaker in the pack , and the toy squeaker is easily replaceable in its hidden velcro pouch . -LRB- Squeakers are not indestructible ; that 's why they include an extra . But the advantage here is that they are very secure , and ca n't be eaten . -RRB- You can even buy separate packages of squeakers if your dog is tough on plush toys . Or you can remove the squeaker if it drives you crazy ! ;--RRB- In the larger sizes you can replace the squeaker with a tennis ball for active dogs.Pay attention to the sizes listed
 These toys are among the best plush dog toys out there , and we 've tried several . I do n't think any are truly `` indestructible '' since there 's always a dog somewhere that will defy that claim , but these are well made and worth buying for the majority of dogs . Just be * sure * to buy the size that suits your dog ; do n't buy one too small that can be swallowed easily ! Dr. Noys ' toys are great in that they always include an extra squeaker in the pack , and the toy squeaker is easily replaceable in its hidden velcro pouch . -LRB- Squeakers are not indestructible ; that 's why they include an extra . But the advantage here is that they are very secure , and ca n't be eaten . -RRB- You can even buy separate packages of squeakers if your dog is tough on plush toys . Or you can remove the squeaker if it drives you crazy ! ;--RRB- In the larger sizes you can replace the squeaker with a tennis ball for active dogs.Pay attention to the sizes listed
 These toys are among the best plush dog toys out there , and we 've tried several . I do n't think any are truly `` indestructible '' since there 's always a dog somewhere that will defy that claim , but these are well made and worth buying for the majority of dogs . Just be * sure * to buy the size that suits your dog ; do n't buy one too small that can be swallowed easily ! Dr. Noys ' toys are great in that they always include an extra squeaker in the pack , and the toy squeaker is easily replaceable in its hidden velcro pouch . -LRB- Squeakers are not indestructible ; that 's why they include an extra . But the advantage here is that they are very secure , and ca n't be eaten . -RRB- You can even buy separate packages of squeakers if your dog is tough on plush toys . Or you can remove the squeaker if it drives you crazy ! ;--RRB- In the larger sizes you can replace the squeaker with a tennis ball for active dogs.Pay attention to the sizes listed
 These toys are among the best plush dog toys out there , and we 've tried several . I do n't think any are truly `` indestructible '' since there 's always a dog somewhere that will defy that claim , but these are well made and worth buying for the majority of dogs . Just be * sure * to buy the size that suits your dog ; do n't buy one too small that can be swallowed easily ! Dr. Noys ' toys are great in that they always include an extra squeaker in the pack , and the toy squeaker is easily replaceable in its hidden velcro pouch . -LRB- Squeakers are not indestructible ; that 's why they include an extra . But the advantage here is that they are very secure , and ca n't be eaten . -RRB- You can even buy separate packages of squeakers if your dog is tough on plush toys . Or you can remove the squeaker if it drives you crazy ! ;--RRB- In the larger sizes you can replace the squeaker with a tennis ball for active dogs.Pay attention to the sizes listed
 These toys are among the best plush dog toys out there , and we 've tried several . I do n't think any are truly `` indestructible '' since there 's always a dog somewhere that will defy that claim , but these are well made and worth buying for the majority of dogs . Just be * sure * to buy the size that suits your dog ; do n't buy one too small that can be swallowed easily ! Dr. Noys ' toys are great in that they always include an extra squeaker in the pack , and the toy squeaker is easily replaceable in its hidden velcro pouch . -LRB- Squeakers are not indestructible ; that 's why they include an extra . But the advantage here is that they are very secure , and ca n't be eaten . -RRB- You can even buy separate packages of squeakers if your dog is tough on plush toys . Or you can remove the squeaker if it drives you crazy ! ;--RRB- In the larger sizes you can replace the squeaker with a tennis ball for active dogs.Pay attention to the sizes listed
 good toy.if your dog go crazy for squeakers dr noys toy are great.I leave the old sqeakers in the toy every time i put a new one in , its harder her him to find the one that is still sqeaking . he loves these toys
 I 'm keeping in mind that this is not advertised as a durable toy when I give it 4 stars . I 've purchased a few of these in different sizes for my dog and he loves them . However , he does enjoy tearing soft toys to bits and these just do n't last very long for him .
 I bought this for my beagle , whose greatest joy is `` de-stuffing '' his toys and removing the squeaker . This little beaver is still intact and a favorite of his and the squeaker still squeaks after about a month . And it comes with a spare squeaker which was nice . I was at first disappointed with how small it is , but he seems to be protective of it and really likes it .
 This thing is so cute and perfect for a small dog the only thing that throws me with this is from a distance it looks like dog poo . When i see it i usually have to do a double take . He loves it , he will chew on the body and i pull the tail and tug with it . Great lil toy for him
 This is n't a squirrel ? Its a beaver ... And my little man sure does love it !!! They are cheaper at petsmart and are usually on sale for around 3 bucks ... same with the duck and frog ect ...
 My dog is n't really big into toys ... or she was n't until I got this for her . I have a little min pin who LOVES chasing small -LRB- and large -RRB- animals . She absolutely LOVES this toy ! Keep in mind that this toy is a small toy which is intended for small dogs . The size is perfect for my small 10 lb dog . If your dog loves to go after squeakers , this toy comes with an extra one , and you can even opt to remove the squeaker before you even give it to your dog . There is a line of sturdy velcro on the belly of the toy that allows you to remove it . My dog rarely lets go of this toy and it has held up quite nicely , but she 's not an aggressive chewer . I highly recommend this toy for dogs who love to chase animals . Kali loves it !
 I just bought a new puppy and chose this as part of the `` toy collection . '' It is her favorite toy . Just small enough for a puppy , soft and squeaks .
 I have a little Scorkie pup -LRB- he 's 7lbs now -RRB- and this little toy is perfect for his size . I 've purchased toys from the pet stores and other places , but in the last few months , he 's been teething , and can chew through any non-Kong stuffed animal . He loves the squeaker , and I love that he can bite the thing as hard as he wants , and it does no damage ! This brand is the best I 've come across so far !
 These toys are among the best plush dog toys out there , and we 've tried several . I do n't think any are truly `` indestructible '' since there 's always a dog somewhere that will defy that claim , but these are well made and worth buying for the majority of dogs . Just be * sure * to buy the size that suits your dog ; do n't buy one too small that can be swallowed easily ! Dr. Noys ' toys are great in that they always include an extra squeaker in the pack , and the toy squeaker is easily replaceable in its hidden velcro pouch . -LRB- Squeakers are not indestructible ; that 's why they include an extra . But the advantage here is that they are very secure , and ca n't be eaten . -RRB- You can even buy separate packages of squeakers if your dog is tough on plush toys . Or you can remove the squeaker if it drives you crazy ! ;--RRB- In the larger sizes you can replace the squeaker with a tennis ball for active dogs.Pay attention to the sizes listed
 These toys are among the best plush dog toys out there , and we 've tried several . I do n't think any are truly `` indestructible '' since there 's always a dog somewhere that will defy that claim , but these are well made and worth buying for the majority of dogs . Just be * sure * to buy the size that suits your dog ; do n't buy one too small that can be swallowed easily ! Dr. Noys ' toys are great in that they always include an extra squeaker in the pack , and the toy squeaker is easily replaceable in its hidden velcro pouch . -LRB- Squeakers are not indestructible ; that 's why they include an extra . But the advantage here is that they are very secure , and ca n't be eaten . -RRB- You can even buy separate packages of squeakers if your dog is tough on plush toys . Or you can remove the squeaker if it drives you crazy ! ; - -RRB- Pay attention to the sizes listed
 I have a pit/lab mix and usually nothing survives her . But this little guy has lost some fur but is still intact and the squeaker is still inside . This plush toy has lasted more than a week of constant chewing , pulling , and nipping -LRB- with her front teeth -RRB- . I 'm impressed especially since I 've bought more expensive toys that were listed somewhat indestructable . I have another one on order .
 My dachsunds love this toy . It is one of their favorite . It 's small but this seems to appeal tho them .
 omg my chi loves it so much she loves biting it and shaking her head around and pouncing on it it keeps her occupied and out of trouble def reccomend it
 My dog loves all the little kong toys . Their small , squeak , & are cute !! Best for little dogs because they are so small . Also , comes w / an extra squeaker .
 I was happily surprised because for the firs time my 4.2 lb chihuameranian got her jaws and claws on a 4 lb sized dog toy instead of larger sized stuffed animals . She went to town on this beaver dog squeak toy and a squeak duckie . Now if you are a buyer that expects plush materials in a squeak to for 3 or 4 buck you better rethink and open your wallet more . I just wondered how long this would last because I knew it would be hours or days of enjoyment before the kill . She had a blast squeaking this thing and shaking it like nuts for about a day before she fixated on getting the squeak out . She could n't open the velcro so so she made her own hole to get the squaker out , as it is thin material , to destroy the squeak gnawing off the whistle . She went though both squeakers in 2 days but still loves to haul the carcass around for me to throw for her . She must still love it because she 's got a boatload of other toys and she still gets this to throw and catch . Yes , both the beaver and duck are empty carcasses but she still carries em around . I got what I paid for and expected and am happy .
 These were purchased as Xmas gifts for a retirement community that allows pets . We have receaved several notes about how much the animals loved the new toys . Thanks
 This toy is well made . The little bichon I bought it for loves it and plays with it all the time .
 . I 've bought several of these brand of dog toys . My little chi just loves them . I love the idea it comes with an extra squicker ~
 This is a very cute stuffed animal . The only thing I was disappointed with was the size . I expected the medium to be larger . It is probably more suited to a 40 lb dog than my 90 lb boys !
 I have two dogs that love to chew , a dachshund and a pit mix . They love their stuffed toys . Most only last a day before they are torn to shreds . These kong stuffed toys have lasted over a month . Worth every penny !
 I have two dogs that love to chew , a dachshund and a pit mix . They love their stuffed toys . Most only last a day before they are torn to shreds . These kong stuffed toys have lasted over a month . Worth every penny !
 This toy is EXTERMELY adorable , and my pup loves it ! It looks almost exactly like him , so its funny to watch him play with it and bark at it ! Its great that it comes with an extra squeaker , because my dog always chews the squeaker out ! Thanks so much amazon and dr. noys ! < / 3 !
 My dog loves this toy . He 's a 65 lb border collie mix ... it even comes with an extra squeaker . The belly has a velcro opening for speaker replacement . It 's perfect to have him carry to keep his mouth busy and his brain focused . It washes perfectly -LRB- I removed squeaker first -RRB- . It 's a good toy .
 Dogs love it ! Best thing is that it came with a replacement `` squeaker '' and it velcroes to change it out . I plan on using my replacement to make them another toy , but still a great idea !
 Our french bulldog will tear anything up in a day . I read somewhere that this specific model seems to be the strongest . I have n't tried other Dr. Noys toys , but I got ta say the little guy loves it . We got it for him 3 months ago and he has not tore it ! His toys rarely last , but this one is still intact .
 These are the best dog toys ever . No stuffing to pick up and last a long time with my two dogs .
 My little Pomeranian puppy loves this toy ! She insists we play fetch with it every day . It 's a fun interactive toy for any dog lover : -RRB-
 My little Pomeranian puppy loves this toy ! She insists we play fetch with it every day . It 's a fun interactive toy for any dog lover : -RRB-
 I have been a fan of Dr. Noy 's dog toys for over a year now . I have a 35 pound three year old Kelpie -LRB- an Australian breed made to herd sheep , crossed between an English Sheep Dog and a Black and Tan with a little wild Dingo thrown in -RRB- . She can decapitate the average dog toy in three days maximum , but the Dr. Noy 's toys are so well made they normally last many months - at least six . In addition , they usually come with extra `` squeekers '' so when Tilly chews them hard enough that she pops the `` squeek '' orifice out of the device , I can replace the squeeker by means of an easily openable velcroed closure to the internal cavity which the dog is unable to open . These toys are well worth the price because of their durability and quality . The design is also very well done and looks like an authentic squirrel which also makes them attractive to the dog .
 My dog loves his little beaver ! I was a bit worried when it came because it is small , but it fits his Italian Greyhound mouth perfectly and he squeaks it all the time . The extra squeaker is a great touch so the life of the toy is extended . This is also the first toy he has n't made bald by pulling out all the fur .
 Our new little toy poodle just loves carrying this little toy around with her -- just her size ! It is just a fun toy for her .
 I should have paid attention to the description just a bit more . This little guy fits in the palm of my hand and does not even extend to my fingers . Lucky for us , our Grand Dane Lola fell in love with it and is super gentle with it . We call it her baby baby . I would not get this for anything larger than a chiwawa .
 My Yorkie has made this her all time favorite . It 's small and fits her mouth perfectly . Squeaker works well . She always has this one with her . I bought a backup , in case it gets lost .
 I have a seven pound toy schnauzer . She honestly has over a hundred toys . -LRB- the Grandkids counted one day -RRB- For some reason this is one of her very favorite toys . Never figured out why but she just LOVES it . This is for a small size dog .
 Our Yorkie absolutely will not share when it comes to the KONG bever . It has well secured squeak ball within that allows for hours of shaking and tugging . It launders beautifully and a second one is sure to be on the order list when this one wears out . KONG is a brand name that I trust and always find satisfaction in the product .
 Quality squeaky toy of all times ! Even for a midsize Spaniel it is dearly cherished . Well made and comes with extra squeakers but not needed as yet after a jillion squeaks . Would buy same thing again .
 The dog loves it and has already gone through a couple of squeakers in the first weeks of having it from playing with it so much . Replaceable squeaks are a major plus . The only downside is that it does n't have enough stuffing . For a dog that likes to chew , this one might not be the best . For a dog that loves the squeak , this is the one .
 Really neat toy for a small dog . My Maltese really loves it . It comes with a replacement squeaky which came in handy when my friends cocker killed the first one .
 I have a male Chihuahua puppy who has decided this toy is his baby . He still plays with other toys , but this toy must be near him at ALL times . If the toy gets lost in the blankets -LRB- or stolen by one of sisters -RRB- , we have a problem . I ended up buying 3 more of these , because he gets so frantic when his `` baby '' goes missing , and also because the original one was murdered by one of his Chihuahua sisters = / She sneaked the toy outside during freezing temps , and the `` baby '' froze overnight . = / These toys are the perfect size for Chihuahuas and small mouths . All of mine love them , but this specific version seems to be the favorite .
 Why a dog would love this , I do n't know , but boy is it a hit ! It is favored above any other toy in the huge doggie toy basket . My six month old mini dachshund is seldom seen without a dead chipmunk in her mouth these days .
 Dr. Noys ' Dog Toys are the best toys in the world for my mini dachshund , Jolie . She likes a `` chewable '' toy , and these are sturdy enough that they are not -LSB- happily -RSB- destroyed in 10 minutes or less , like most stuffed toys . It comes with a spare squeeker , and the squeeker can be replaced when it finally gets a tooth puncture , through the little velcro slit in the tummy .
 Our dog Selby just loves this toy - he sleeps with it , drops it at our feet for `` fetch '' and uses it to push a tennis ball around . It is very durable - we play tug with it and he has n't managed to pull off the ear or the tail . We 've washed it a couple of times and it still looks great . I would recommend any of the Dr. Noys plush toys .
 My little Pomeranian puppy loves this toy ! She insists we play fetch with it every day . It 's a fun interactive toy for any dog lover : -RRB-
 My little Pomeranian puppy loves this toy ! She insists we play fetch with it every day . It 's a fun interactive toy for any dog lover : -RRB-
 My puppy loves this little toy -- I just wish it were brown instead of grey -- it looks too much like a mouse !
 We raise puppies for a service dog organization , and are always looking for new toys for our pups . This is a well-made toy , appealing to puppies ! Another thing I like about it is the heavy-duty velcro `` pouch '' that holds the squeaker . This way , the squeaker can be removed when the toy is washed , or if you 're concerned your dog will rip the toy . -LRB- Squeaker toys should NEVER never be given to unsupervised dogs . -RRB- An extra squeaker is also included , for when the first squeaker loses its voice . : - -RRB-
 I love these toys ! It 's nice being able to wash and dry them - so they stay clean and stink-free . My dogs really enjoyed the squeakers and you get extras . However -LRB- ! -RRB- , they are a total waste if you have a dog who chews .
 My cavapoo thinks the purpose of all toys is to destroy them with all possible speed . So far , the Kong Lamb is holding up just fine . I would definitely feel comfortable buying another .
 Just purchased this teddy bear as one of the last installments to my puppy 's Kong collection . :--RRB- As always , very durable , perfect size for his 7 lbs , and something he really likes to play with ! Out of all the toys he has , the Kong products are just about the only things that he ca n't chew through !
 Ever since she was a pup , Quincy has loved these squirrels . I 've bought the larger ones , but she really likes the small ones best . And she 's not a small dog -- she 's about 52 pounds and loves to carry a squirrel or two in her mouth , toss them into the air , and bite down to make them cry.She 's got the whole Kong menagerie , but this little squirrel is her favorite ...
 My pug loves this little toy . He does n't get it to squeak , but he plays with it alot . Good toy !
 The `` Dynamic Duo , '' -LRB- a male Westie and a female Scotty -RRB- , have three criteria when they evaluate a toy
 The beaver is really cute and soft . I really wished I purchased this toy in a larger size because my Bichon loves toys that looks like squirrels .
 this is a great toy for any dog that likes small toys . my dog loves this toy so much and has played with it so much that it now looks like a sad mouse not a beaver . its a cute toy with an extra squeaker you cant beat that .
 The small beaver , is about the size of a mouse . This instantly became my small dog 's favorite toy ! Played with it constantly !! I love the fact that it does not have fluff in it , and that you can easily remove , or replace the squeakier as needed .
 I have a very small dog -LRB- app . 7 lbs . -RRB- who loves KONG squeaky toys , and the beaver was no exception . At least some of the pictures appear to be of the squirrel toy and not the beaver , so I will add that the beaver has a -LRB- as expected -RRB- large flat velour-like tail approximately the same size as it 's body . My dog loves to carry the tail in her mouth . Overall , great toy for a very small toy-loving dog . Just as expected .
 Both Cody and Penne ' love their new toys which are cute as can be . They are well made and each came with a surprise bag of 3 doggie treats ! This tiny beaver is our 4 # Schitzu 's favorite and also came with an extra squeaker which always seem to give out fast . We will definitely purchase Kong toys for them in the future !
 KONG Beaver Dog Toy , Small , I like the products from these products . I have purchased a few from your company .
 This is the only toy I have n't distroyed . It 's durable and has strong velcro on the belly to change out squeakers once they 've broken . The whole line of Kong Dr Noys plush toys are great . My mom and dad got me the bear and the frog too . XOXO Baron
 This toy is holding up very well . All the Kong toys seem to last . My dogs , jack russell terriers , like the small size .
 I have a 6.5 lb . yorkie-poo . She absolutely loves this toy . It 's just the perfect size for her and it squeaks as well which she likes ! I 've also washed it and it held up very well -LRB- just remember to take the squeaker out first -RRB- . This is one of her favorite toys and a must have when we go in the car.Since she likes it so much , I have a spare waiting for her !!!
 The picture was different from the item we received but we like what we received better . Squeeker still works and still not torn up , gave to the dogs as a Christmas gift ... that is pretty good !!!
 Our 15lb terrier/poodle mix LOVES this toy . It 's very durable - he can usually get a squeaker out of any other toy in 5 min or less , but not his one . He even tore through a rubber kong toy on the way home but for some reason has n't destroyed this one .
 My mom 's Shi Tzu is very lazy but the second she saw this toy , she jumped for it and started playing . She wore out the squeeker within a few days but she still love it.She still plays with it and it 's one of her favorite toys -LRB- and believe me , she has TONS of toys -RRB-
 A plush toy that my Bassets Hounds love - it squeeks and is well made so it will last long than most plus toys .
 We have Basset Hounds and they love toys that make noise and are soft , not rubber or vinyl . The replaceable squeeker has saved this toy more than once , so they can continue to play with it .
 Dogs carry these around and have not destroyed them after two weeks . That is good .
 Got this little guy for my dog who loves anything stuffed animal like and squeaks ! Nevertheless , she loves it and runs around the house most days with it in her mouth having us chase her for it to play a game of fetch . Just ironic that she took a liking to small dog form of her own !
 In her review of Frosty Dog , Chantal Ritz says that she does n't think that any dog toy is `` truly ` indestructable . ' '' I agree . There 's not a dog toy made that can withstand the chewing of a particularly determined mutt . So the only really fair tests for a dog toy are whether your dog likes it ; whether it 's safe ; and whether it holds up reasonably well when subjected to day-to-day gnawing ? With those tests in mind , the `` Dynamic Duo , '' -LRB- a male Westie and female Scotty -RRB- give Frosty Dog four stars . They are currently trying to dismember their second . The first one lasted a year , the last six months of which were spent with two legs and no nose . And they would still be playing with it , except that I got tired of looking at the poor bedraggled thing . By the way , I think that the `` large '' FD is probably the right size for all , but the very smallest , dogs . The Dynamic Duo only weigh in at 20 pounds each , but the `` large '' FD suits them fine .
 I 'd previously had a Dr. Noys medium-size teddy bear to play tug-o-war with my 30 lb knee-high sheltie , and after 6 months of tug-o-war , it looked like it had open-heart surgery . Held up quite well -LRB- looked perfect for the first 5 months -RRB- , so I decided to get another Dr. Noys toy for my little girl , as she loves stuffed toys.I do n't use this medium-size Frosty Dog for tug-o-war , as it 's a bit too small , she ends up accidentally biting my fingers when she tries to get a better grip on the toy -LRB- did n't have that problem with the medium size teddy bear -RRB- . So instead , my husband and I play keep-away with the Frosty Dog , tossing it back and forth so she 'll run between us for some exercise -LRB- she 's not much of a retriever -RRB- . When we throw it short so she has a chance to get the toy , she pounces on it and prances around with it in her mouth like it 's the best thing ever . She 'll also run to her toy box and select this toy when my husband is laying on the floor doing back exercises , and she 'll plop the Frosty Dog on his chest as a not-so-subtle way of saying `` Since you 're down here at my level , play with me ! '' . Sometimes when our sheltie is super happy , she 'll pick the Frosty Dog up and hold it in her mouth for a minute , squeaking the toy every couple seconds , just for the joy of it . The squeaker has held up great over 2 months of her joyful squeaking . She simply loves this toy.My dog is not a determined toy destroyer , thankfully . But , based on my experience with my other Dr. Noys teddy bear toy , their toys are built to be far superior to other plush toys . ** UPDATE ** September 13th , 2008
 As soon as I opened the Amazon box , Harri was right there , jumping up and grabbing the toy in her mouth and tearing off like a dog on fire . She seems to like the visual texture the dye-job provides , along with the actual texture of the fur . I got her the large dog toy , wich seems to be just the right size for her . She 's a 65 lb . Coonhound , which is not what I would consider to be a large dog , for those of you wondering about which size to get . So far , it seems to be a sturdy toy , but it has yet to be tested by a good game of tug-of-war between Harri and her sister , Sally . It has held up very well to a lot of other plush toys , and I 've found that I 've had good luck with Dr. Noys in the past , so I 'm more likely to take a chance on Dr. Noys compared to other plush toys .
 My ten week old Shih Tzu puppy loves this toy . Small and light enough for him to carry around , and holding up to those sharp puppy teeth just fine
 I have purchased the Dr. Noy 's Extra small bear , small rabbit , and medium lamb from Amazon . I have a smallish breed - he 's a pup at around 10 lbs and should max out at around 15 . His favorite of his animals is by far his medium sized lamb . He carries it with him everywhere . He has managed to put some holes in all three of his Dr. Noy 's , so they definitely are n't indestructible , but they are very sturdy . He is teething currently and they are withstanding that phase for the most part . The medium has an advantage of having a designated pouch inside the toy for the squeaker that the extra small and small did n't have . It makes the toy a little bulkier in the middle and adds some extra popping protection for the squeaker . Great toy !
 These toys are among the best plush dog toys out there , and we 've tried several . I do n't think any are truly `` indestructible '' since there 's always a dog somewhere that will defy that claim , but these are well made and worth buying for the majority of dogs . Just be * sure * to buy the size that suits your dog ; do n't buy one too small that can be swallowed easily ! Dr. Noys ' toys are great in that they always include an extra squeaker in the pack , and the toy squeaker is easily replaceable in its hidden velcro pouch . -LRB- Squeakers are not indestructible ; that 's why they include an extra . But the advantage here is that they are very secure , and ca n't be eaten . -RRB- You can even buy separate packages of squeakers if your dog is tough on plush toys . Or you can remove the squeaker if it drives you crazy ! ;--RRB- In the larger sizes you can replace the squeaker with a tennis ball for active dogs.Pay attention to the sizes listed
 These toys are among the best plush dog toys out there , and we 've tried several . I do n't think any are truly `` indestructible '' since there 's always a dog somewhere that will defy that claim , but these are well made and worth buying for the majority of dogs . Just be * sure * to buy the size that suits your dog ; do n't buy one too small that can be swallowed easily ! Dr. Noys ' toys are great in that they always include an extra squeaker in the pack , and the toy squeaker is easily replaceable in its hidden velcro pouch . -LRB- Squeakers are not indestructible ; that 's why they include an extra . But the advantage here is that they are very secure , and ca n't be eaten . -RRB- You can even buy separate packages of squeakers if your dog is tough on plush toys . Or you can remove the squeaker if it drives you crazy ! ;--RRB- In the larger sizes you can replace the squeaker with a tennis ball for active dogs.Pay attention to the sizes listed
 These toys are among the best plush dog toys out there , and we 've tried several . I do n't think any are truly `` indestructible '' since there 's always a dog somewhere that will defy that claim , but these are well made and worth buying for the majority of dogs . Just be * sure * to buy the size that suits your dog ; do n't buy one too small that can be swallowed easily ! Dr. Noys ' toys are great in that they always include an extra squeaker in the pack , and the toy squeaker is easily replaceable in its hidden velcro pouch . -LRB- Squeakers are not indestructible ; that 's why they include an extra . But the advantage here is that they are very secure , and ca n't be eaten . -RRB- You can even buy separate packages of squeakers if your dog is tough on plush toys . Or you can remove the squeaker if it drives you crazy ! ;--RRB- In the larger sizes you can replace the squeaker with a tennis ball for active dogs.Pay attention to the sizes listed
 These toys are among the best plush dog toys out there , and we 've tried several . I do n't think any are truly `` indestructible '' since there 's always a dog somewhere that will defy that claim , but these are well made and worth buying for the majority of dogs . Just be * sure * to buy the size that suits your dog ; do n't buy one too small that can be swallowed easily ! Dr. Noys ' toys are great in that they always include an extra squeaker in the pack , and the toy squeaker is easily replaceable in its hidden velcro pouch . -LRB- Squeakers are not indestructible ; that 's why they include an extra . But the advantage here is that they are very secure , and ca n't be eaten . -RRB- You can even buy separate packages of squeakers if your dog is tough on plush toys.Pay attention to the sizes listed
 We adopted a small dog that had been abused . She was n't used to having toys.Bought this one and she loves it .
 I got this for my 10 week old miniature dachshund puppy . She loved it , and unlike a lot of toys , she was able to make it squeak very easily . The body of the toy -LRB- minus tail -RRB- is about the size of a small mouse -LRB- real -RRB- , so you would n't want to get this for a big dog . It came with an extra squeaky , which I loved . Unfortunately , our larger , chewing machine dog got a hold of it and tore it , so the old squeaky is broken and the new one wo n't stay in . I might have to order another one , it was such a good toy for the puppy !
 I bought this for my Yorkie !! He LOVES it !! It is like a small rodent , which he likes to chase . I am pleased . Thank you !!
 great little toy for my dogs . i have yorkies so they love it and it comes with an extra squeaker .
 My dog is very happy with this . The only thing is that the toy is only about 3 &#34; long . Came with a replacement squeaker though
 Fun toy for my Cavalier King Charles Spaniel . She like her toys and really seems to like this one . It looks like a real beaver . She carries it around and plays with it often .
 I didnt realize I ordered a small one but instead of giving to my large breed dog I gave to my chihuahuas . They love it .
 I bought this for my brother 's chihuahua and she loves it to death ! It seems to last quite awhile for a smaller dog and she drags it everywhere !
 Of course wearing boots as a dog is not going to come naturally . And more than likely the first time they are put on them they will not only refuse to walk but once they do it will look pretty hilarious . However , once your dog DOES get used to them they are a wonderful protection to all the salts , dirt , etc that your dog would bring home otherwise . And they look adorable.Yes every so often a bootie will fall off ... but for the most part they 've been great for our shih tzu -LRB- who wears the extra small size -RRB-
 Oh my goodness I never laughed so hard after she started wearinf these boots ... Doggies do n't walk so well in them , but I was rolling on the floor ... I love them ... And now she walks in them much better
 The zipper helps add structure and keeps the boot in place on the paw . I 've tried others and they constantly slip off or twist around on his leg . Yes , the seams rip quickly or wear through the bottom , but all others are the same - so you just need to keep them in stock .
 The boots are made so wonderfully ! Very sturdy and showy . Only problem is that an xxxs is still too big for my chihuahua , like an inch and an eighth too big . They would fit a big yorkie maybe or a maltese . The package says an xxxs is for a toy poodle . I would recommend these shoes to anyone with a bigger lap dog , but I will continue to have to look for boots to fit my 3lb chihuahua .
 I love these booties . I have the matching coat and my dog looks absolutely adorable in the outfit . Great value .
 Our pointer/pit bull girl has permanent nerve damage on her front leg , from an accident before we adopted her . She must wear a bootie to protect her paw and pad , since she ca n't feel them . We 've tried 7 types of boots , including those for ` injured paws ' , and none of them stay on -- until this brand !! We live in FL , so I was n't keen on warm ` shearling ' boots , but my vet asst gifted me w/them and my gimpy little girl can now run HARD and play HARD , dig in the sand box and bat around toys w/out us worrying about injury . They wash up remarkably well , too ! -LRB- gentle cycle and cool dry -RRB- I 'm ordering 3 more pair !
 I got these for a miniature pinscher after we went in the snow New Years and he was lifting his feet from the cold . He only wore them in the house so far for about an hour but they never came off . He does n't like them , but after some getting used to they will be fine , and I 'm sure he 'll appreciate them next time there is snow . They fit tight and he does n't have trouble walking . They could be adjusted for a dog smaller or larger , our guy is 12 lbs .
 My dog is a horrible chewer . He is 12 pounds but he destroys everything we ever give him . He 's a little over a year old and we bought him this toy when he was 3 months . It has survived baby teeth , adult teeth , determination , slobber , and anything else you can think of . My dog is SO DETERMINED to chew this guy 's eyeballs off but so far , has been unsuccessful . I 'd keep an eye on your dog just in case , but I 'm really impressed with how this toy has stood up to my little monster .
 I bought this for my Pug , she is on the smaller size for a Pug and she LOVES it ! She broke the squeaker in the first hour but she did n't care much . It did come with 1 replacement and she immediately broke that one as well . The toy itself is sturdy and seems to be holding up well . I do like that there is no stuffing and that the toy can be washed as she seems to drool all over it ! I bought a small and it is quite small , I think next time I will get her a medium .
 My giant breed puppy loves this toy . I did not put the squeaker in it as I fear he will remove it and choke . But it is great in both his crate and car carrier . It is a bit small for later , but during these first 4-5 months will work well .
 I bought the `` Small '' size for my 8-wk old , 5lb puppy . It is the perfect size for him now , but I doubt it will be a toy that survives until adulthood . I appreciated that the squeeker came attached to the package and lets the owner choose whether to put it in or not . Cute , good quality . Does n't exactly look like the picture but you can at least tell it 's a frog .
 This frog toy was so cute . It was the perfect size for my 5 pound wire hair terrier . She loved it , and has been playing with it since I gave it to her . It seems very durable . Also , I loved how it came with an extra squeaker in case the other one tears up . This is a great product !
 My puppy absolutely loves this toy - The body of the toy is very soft and floppy with a squeaker in the head . It is great for chewing , tugging , and swinging around -LRB- according to my dog ! -RRB- It comes with a replacement squeaker as well . Highly recommended !
 While I would n't recommend this toy for dogs that like to tear/chew things apart , my dog absolutely loves this thing . He has chewed a hole in it , but did n't chew it any further and it 's holding up . I do n't really know what else to say as I 'm not a dog , I just know that besides his nylabone 's this is his favorite toy .
 I tried many squeaky plush toys before I found one that could stand up to my large chihuahua . Every other toy he tore up within days and left stuffing all over my house . This toy is not only sturdy but has replacement squeakers when one wears out . One replacement comes with the toy but I buy extra packs , only a couple of dollars for a six pack , just in case . Also there 's no stuffing so no mess when he does eventually destroy it . The frog is the only toy my chi plays with and I just give him a new one about every 3 months . My larger dog loves the snake which is also VERY sturdy . Kong makes the best toys !
 My shih tzu loves this thing but he did kill one of the squeekers within a week or two , but the replacement squeeker was easy to put in ! Wally plays with this thing everyday and gets very aggressive with it and it 's still in one piece so that makes me happy !
 I have two dogs who play and chew and tug ALL day long . They can and will go through a `` normal '' stuffed toy in less than one day . And by go through I mean , all the stuffing out and/or swallowed , the outer skin removed and shredded and any eyes ripped off and completely gone.The Kong frog has lasted 4 months . Literally 120 times longer than any other stuffed toy they 've had . Normal stuffed toys cost approximately $ 1 - $ 2 , these range from $ 4 - $ 8 . Economically it makes great sense.My ONLY complaint -LRB- I do n't care a fig about the squeaker , incidentally mine does still work -RRB- is that the eyes of the frog were gone in about 20 minutes . It originally made think the toy would be gone in a day but , as I 've said , it beat my expectations .
 My 9 week old puppy has had the frog toy for a week . I purchased several toys before I got him a week ago . He immediately loved the frog , but was slower to be interested in other toys . He has shown some interest in the KONG Material Dog - Platy Duck , Small , but much prefers the frog.It is small and light weight , which allows him to roll around with it . He started with chewing the label and hair before progressing to the legs and arms.My puppy has two crates , I have the frog in one and the duck in the other . He uses both like a pillow.So far , he is does not seem to like the squeaky noise .
 Bought this for a 5 month old teething German Shepherd pup . It 's doing great after a full week , and it 's his favorite toy . We are pleasantly surprised by the durability . All parts fully intact , and the original squeaker still works . Very pleased there is a replacement squeaker too . Will definitely buy again , when the first one finally wears out .
 I have two dogs that love to chew , a dachshund and a pit mix . They love their stuffed toys . Most only last a day before they are torn to shreds . These kong stuffed toys have lasted over a month . Worth every penny !
 bought this for my dog and so far he has not destroyed it . I am happy with this purchase . Item arrived as described . Delivery was prompt . Would purchase from this seller again .
 We bought this for our 15lb mini Dachshund for his 1st birthday . Similar previous toys typically lasted him only a few days or weeks at most . This thing is 2 years old today and still going strong ! It 's been his favorite toy that he carries with him everywhere . In fact , we just bought the Kong purple rhino for our dog 's 3rd birthday and hope it prooves to be as durable as the frog has been !
 I could only give my 2 year old collie/beagle mix rubber toys ... until I discovered the Kong Bear and the Kong Frog . Every previous stuffed toy would end up in shreds or with missing limbs -LRB- discovered later - ahem . Lol -RRB- . But for some reason , these two stuffed toys are still intact after weeks of wear and love . Yes , the arms and legs get soggy with doggie drool , but after a run in the wash , voila ! All fluffed up . A must try !!!
 Have 3 of these toys ... the duck , the bear , and this frog . This one is still alive , although missing an eye or two . Its face is still intact which is awesome . I think they 'll get hours of fun out of it just like the other toy animals . Would definitely buy again , and I probably will when it 's time to retire this frog . I also rotate toys , so I 'll have 2 or 3 toys out at a time and rotate them with two/three other toys so they do n't get bored with or lose interest in them , and the toys seem to last much longer than expected .
 This toy inmediately became my puppy 's favorite ! it 's lightweight , has two squeakers -LRB- one that can be reaplaced -RRB- , and is comfy enough for her to use as a pillow . I would recommend this to everyone !
 Very nice dog toy and dogs like the toy a lot and they like it a lot and like too play with it
 I bought this really as a fluke because I had to fill a quota . Never really thought my dog would like it . However my dog loves this thing and still has not ripped it up after about six months now . And my dog use to rip up those plush duck toys in one day lol . Maybe she has calmed down since she was a puppy IDK , but this thing is still going strong . If you have a serious Terror that loves to rip things apart I probably wont not buy this or any plush toy for that matter.I would definitely buy this again .
 One thing that I do n't love is paying $ 12 for a couple of toys for my small Malteses , and seeing them last only a couple of hours . Very frustrating ! What I love about this toy is that it is tough and cute ! It 's obvious that it will be around for a long time . It 's survived lots of playtime and washing machine cycles , and it 's still looking good . I think I will focus on this brand ... seems like they 've figured it out .
 My little Havanese loves these toys . Have been her favorites since she was a puppy . Three years later , was delighted to find replacements .
 Bought this toy for my puppy , its smaller than I imagined - smaller than a normal sized female hand . Nevertheless , my pup loves this toy , and the extra squeaker is nice . She loves to chew on the squeaker and the extra long fur .
 This dog toy is pretty durable . My dog must sense there is no stuffing because he has n't torn it open like all of the other stuffed casualties . I think the texture of the toy helps prevent my dog from laying down and chewing through it . The squeaker is still working as well . Usually my dog 's theeth pierce right through cheap stuffed toys and the squeaker quits squeaking . I liked that it came with an extra squeaker . There is velcro in the back to put the new one it . The squeaker goes in head of the toy so it is not in the area of where the velcro opening is . I have two dogs and they both always want this toy when I take it out so I will probably be buying another one .
 I got this for my Pomeranian puppy , and he went nuts when he was first given it !! He has two other stuffed toys made my KONG and both of them have lasted very well , with the exception of a teddy bear leg due to too many games of tug a war with him . If I was more motivated it would be super easy to sew it back on , but both Teddy and my dog Bruce do n't seem to mind , so I 've left it alone . :--RRB- I do have to warn tho - this is a small dogs toy - not a medium to large . I also gave this fewer stars because it is NOTHING like the picture describes . It is more a shag material if that makes sense . Almost really thing strings coming off of the body all over instead of the fuzzy material like the picture . My pup does n't mind tho and woke up this morning to him sleeping with it on the bed - so I have gathered that it is his new favorite toy !!
 My dog loves this toy ! After 3 weeks I did have to sew a small spot . No other toys have lasted as long !
 I gave this to lucy as a pre-christmas present ... she rarely puts it down , has n't destuffed it , and I love the replaceable squeeker feature . A toy that touted `` chew guard '' was destuffed much sooner and cost a lot more . Definitely a great value for the price.Update
 I figured this would get torn up in a day by my Chocolate Lab , but it is still together after a month now!Hard to believe consider most toys she could tear up within a matter of a few hours .
 We have 2 goldens . One has a soft mouth , the other , not so much . This dog toy has been and is such a hit . The replacement squeaker that was included has been amazing so that I am able to keep the toy alive !
 SO FAR LONGEST LASTING TOY THAT SANTA BROUGHT ! EVEN the squeaker is still alive ! Hope Kong makes more like this one !
 My Labrador/Redbone Coonhound LOVED his ` Froggy ' . He lasted for about a month , which is about 3 weeks longer than most stuffed animals . Drogo would bring him to bed and rest his head on him , throw him around the room and chase him ; I even taught him a trick with Froggy . I could put all his toys together and say ` where is Froggy ' and he will dig through his toys and get Froggy out no problem . We walked around Petsmart on Black Friday and he saw Froggy down the KONG isle and grabbed him ; they are now reunited , but sadly he knows how to kill Froggy now , so he 's not lasting as long . He 's missing the squeakers , stuffing in the head and his right arm/leg . I got him the beaver/squirrel for Christmas . Even though they only last for about a month , Drogo LOVES them to bits -LSB- literally -RSB- . Worth seeing him happy .
 I have already bought 4 more of these since this purchase . My pug absolutely loves these stuffed squeaky toys , more than anything else . They 're the perfect size for him and they also come with extra squeakers which is great . I have thrown them in the washer and they wash up nicely as well . Great buy !
 This toy has lasted fairly well and my dog has been unable to pull the green strings out of it . Amazing . She did however , chew a hole in it and got the sheepskin pocket with the noise maker out . She and her brother -LRB- my Mom 's dog -RRB- had a blast playing tug of war with the sheepskin pocket . Like any other cloth toy it is not indestructible but this one has definitely lasted longer than many others I have purchased .
 My parents dog loves this toy ! He is always eating stuffing out of toys so this was nice because it has no stuffing .
 Still in one piece with a Bulldog , the squeaker seems to have xtra protection around it to hinder the dog from tearing it out so quickly .
 my terrier usually rips through toys but the one lasted and is her new favorite . I would buy again and recommend
 The dogs really enjoyed these toys . KONG always has good products for dogs of all sizes . I would purchase again .
 I have a 35lb medium sized mixed breed dog . -LRB- they say he may be a mix of portuguese sheepdog/shchnauzer -RRB- . He is not a destroyer but he is an enthusiastic chewer . He does n't tear his toys apart but he loves the squeaky noise so much that he goes at them until they squeak no longer . This toy was soooo cute and while it did last a little longer than his other toys , it was still like a week or so.These are other toys that have met their demise at the paws of my dog.Crazy Critters Stuffing-Free Dog Toys , Set of 6Milk-bone Brand Accessories - Sea Critter Chew - SqueaksPetstages Just For Fun No Stuffing Plush LiL Squeak Monkey Dog Toy for Small Dogs ... and countless others from the store . I ca n't say exactly how long they lasted but usually nor more than a week.The one that has lasted , going on 2.5 weeks now , has been this one ... Kyjen Invincibles Plush Snake Dog Toy , 6 Squeakers , Green/BlackHe has been totally worth the price . Also stuffing free . Normally he ruins the squeakers in days but this one is going on almost 3 weeks . Its a little large , I think they have smaller sizes as well but he seems to be enjoying this one a LOT .
 My sister 's Westies like tiny toys that can fit snuggly in their mouths . These KONG toys were perfect for them , and they still play with them weeks later after receiving them . The extra squeekies were an added bonus .
 Although it only lasted about a week before it was gutted and torn , my dog really enjoyed it . No messy stuffing and he 'll still chew on the left overs when he 's bored . I can not say if it lasted longer than his other toys but it was really cheap and kept him entertained .
 My dogs loved it although it did n't last long once the Jack Russell got a hold of it . The nice thing is that there is very little stuffing so even when torn up it made a minimal mess .
 This was the first stuffed animal we bought for our dog . We were n't sure if she would be really destructive with toys . She has managed to not damage this too bad except for some slobbery fur . She seems to love it . Easy for her to carry around . I ended up buying one for my sister as well , her dog managed to pull out the stuffing in the head rather quickly so if your dog is known to be good at that , they still might manage it with this one . The body has no stuffing though so it is still something they could carry around I suppose .
 Rosie is the name of the dog . she loves it . i comes with a extra noise maker , but its not stuff with fluff . she does n't mind tho .
 DOGS HAVE A GERAT TIME WITH THESE AND LOVE THEM , I THINK IT IS A GREAT PRODUCT AND THE MATERIAL IS WEL MADE TO WITHSTAND ABUSE MY DOGGIES GIVE THEM
 He is very nice and funny but the picture is not the right one , the Frog ca n't seat , inside of &#34; him &#34; is empty and he can only down . Anyway my dog love it ... good for him
 Our dog loves this toy . We call it her baby . So far it has held up well . I believe that will stay consistent because she does not use this as a rough chew toy . She has other toys for that .
 This is a great toy . Durable construction and is about 6.5 inches . Has a Velcro enclosure to replace squeaker in head .
 I have a 13 year old pug who has lost quite a few teeth and is n't into destroying like he used to be . We got this toy for him last year and it 's been his favorite since . We 've dubbed it `` Mr. Frog '' and all we have to do is say his name and my pug gets excited . He chews it until he eventually falls asleep , the frog under his paw.It comes with an extra squeaker too , which is easy to replace and makes him think it 's a brand new toy again . We 've probably replaced Mr. Frog 4 times and will keep doing so because he loves it so much.It 's not meant to be durable but for what it is , I 'd recommend it .
 This item is very good . The one I bought for my dogs -LRB- Min Pins -RRB- lasted very long , but have in mind that Min Pins are about 7-9 pounds average .
 These toys are among the best plush dog toys out there , and we 've tried several . I do n't think any are truly `` indestructible '' since there 's always a dog somewhere that will defy that claim , but these are well made and worth buying for the majority of dogs . Just be * sure * to buy the size that suits your dog ; do n't buy one too small that can be swallowed easily ! Dr. Noys ' toys are great in that they always include an extra squeaker in the pack , and the toy squeaker is easily replaceable in its hidden velcro pouch . -LRB- Squeakers are not indestructible ; that 's why they include an extra . But the advantage here is that they are very secure , and ca n't be eaten . -RRB- You can even buy separate packages of squeakers if your dog is tough on plush toys . Or you can remove the squeaker if it drives you crazy ! ;--RRB- In the larger sizes you can replace the squeaker with a tennis ball for active dogs.Pay attention to the sizes listed
 The frog still lives although it 's now blind but all in all it is not yet distroyed . Good Product , I agree with previous review buy the right size for the dog that you have .
 These toys are among the best plush dog toys out there , and we 've tried several . I do n't think any are truly `` indestructible '' since there 's always a dog somewhere that will defy that claim , but these are well made and worth buying for the majority of dogs . Just be * sure * to buy the size that suits your dog ; do n't buy one too small that can be swallowed easily ! Dr. Noys ' toys are great in that they always include an extra squeaker in the pack , and the toy squeaker is easily replaceable in its hidden velcro pouch . -LRB- Squeakers are not indestructible ; that 's why they include an extra . But the advantage here is that they are very secure , and ca n't be eaten . -RRB- You can even buy separate packages of squeakers if your dog is tough on plush toys . Or you can remove the squeaker if it drives you crazy ! ;--RRB- In the larger sizes you can replace the squeaker with a tennis ball for active dogs.Pay attention to the sizes listed
 We have a Yorkie that just adores this toy . It 's easily one of his favorites . The only reason I gave it 4 stars instead of 5 is that the squeeker broke after 1 day .
 This is another small toy that my dog loves to play with . I have found that the Dr Noys toys hold up well . The squeakers last a long time and she has yet to chew a hole in it . Highly recommended .
 Ive been buying this toy for my dog for over 3 years and it is excellent quality . Its my dogs favorite toy . It lasts for months and months . Unfortunately It looks like Kong and Dr. Noy have discontinued this particular frog and replaced it with a much cheaper version that is made of completely different materials . I ordered the frog pictured in this review -LRB- The discontinued version -RRB- thinking that I could grab one of the few old versions that are still out there . Entirely pets actually sent me the new version which is far inferior so be sure you 're getting what you paid for . Luckily Entirely Pets gave me a full refund .
 My dog loves this toy . She usually chews them up really fast and tears out all the stuffing . Not with this toy . She treats it like it 's her little baby . Great find !
 My cocker/poodle mix -LRB- 5.5 lbs -RRB- loves this toy , and it 's been especially helpful in training , because the squeaker is so loud . Also , the toy comes with an extra squeaker . While Ryuk has n't managed to wreck the first one yet , I 'm sure it will come in handy !
 great product . my dog loves it . made well and comes with an extra squeeky to insert .
 My little Pomeranian puppy loves this toy ! She insists we play fetch with it every day . It 's a fun interactive toy for any dog lover : -RRB-
 This was my dog 's first stuffed toy as a puppy . 9 months later , it is still hanging around the house . It is certainly durable but can not take unsupervised chewing or abuse . The stuffed toys come out of hiding for us to play interactively or otherwise they would be de = stuffed in minutes . Keep that in mind .
 It 's a bit noisy but my dog loves this toy . It 's sturdy and has held up for a while now .
 4 dogs later & they are still going strong ! you know its going to be good , if you buy Kong !
 My 1 yr old Welsh Corgi loves to rip stuffed animals to pieces . This frog however she 's learned to play nice with . The only thing she got rid of was it 's eyes so far . I 've had it for a few months and that happened just recently . She usually just shakes it around and launches it into the air so she can chase it pick it up and repeat . The squeaker is also removable -LRB- very nice -RRB- . I 'm giving it a 4 because I do n't think it would hold up to all dogs and you need to still watch over them while they play with it but there 's no denying it 's lasted longer than everything else . One thing though is you should wash it fairly often after a short amount of play the hair on the doll gets matted from slobber and when it dries it feels really prickly . I do n't really care since the dog does n't but it 's pretty gross lol
 My dog , Pepi , just loves this toy . It was a 5th birthday gift for him in July . He immediately began carrying it around with him everywhere in his mouth and trying to hide it here and there . He goes and fetches it and sometimes we play throw and fetch with it . The material is so great as he does n't try to chew the stuffings or destroy the toy as sometimes he does with other stuffed toys . It is just the right size for him also as he is a toy poodle . The toy came in a timely manner and in mint condition .
 I ordered this frog toy in October , 2009 for my jack russell terrier who is 2 years old and very hard on toys . He shares this toy with our 7 month old jack russell terrier and it is holding up great . I am very pleased with this toy and am getting ready to order two more .
 This is the first toy I got for my Samoyed puppy , she LOVES it . It 's the perfect size for a growing puppy and thus far has held up well to her abuse .
 My dog loves it . Because this toy does n't have as much stuffing as the others , it does n't make a huge mess like others . This lasts about three months for my dog ... unlike other stuff toys that only lasts a three minutes .
 This is my dog 's little buddy . He carries this silly frog around with him everywhere . It has held up really well . I am thinking of buying a back up one because I dont want him to be heatbroken if this one somehow gets lost .
 Lily loves this little Kong Froggie ! it squeaks loud and is fuzzy and small . . perfect for her to trot around with . Would recommend this product for a smaller dog . Lily is american eskimo .
 I have a nine-week old Welsh Terrier . . and true to his name , he digs and nips and yips and nips some more so you have to constantly keep his mind occupied . I was skeptical that he would take a liking to any toy so I just bought the medium -LRB- or is it the small ? -RRB- Frog from Petsmart on a spree.Alas ! He is constantly looking for `` Mr. Froggy '' and playing with him . I am crate training him and sometimes I put Mr. Froggy in there and to my surprise , the pup now goes into the crate to retrieve the toy!I do not think he has figured out the velcro part yet . I will cross my fingers that this stays that way : -RRB- When am leash-walking him , we never leave Mr. Froggy . Most times he will refuse to walk on the leash and I have to entice him by dangling the Frog infront of his nose and off he goes ! And sometimes he will want to take the toy from me and carry it in his mouth while we are walking . . all the way home ! That is the cutest thing ! He also runs around the house carrying the toy in his mouth . . even trying to bark while carrying it!I love this toy so much I recently got the large one from Petsmart . . I have n't introduced him to this one yet . . it will be a treat :-RRB- My little Welshie can also drag those large toys around , roll all over around with them , jump on them and try to shake them apart in an effort to tear them : -RRB- So far Mr Froggy is very much intact . . especially the little tuft of hair on the top of his head . I like that hair ! This is a very good toy ... now to figure out the washing directions -LRB- I had to cut off the care label -RRB- I think I will buy another extra one
 I have three small dogs and they all have their favorite types of toys . Of course they have to be squeaky and small enough to fit in their mouth . And for some reason , my Pekingese really loves frogs . This toy has become his newest favorite . He carries it around the house , `` guards '' it if either of the other dogs comes near it , and brings it to bed with him at night . He is very good about not trying to chew the squeakers out so this toy will last him a long time . His other frog toy is too big and has stretchy arms and legs . Since Charlie does n't like to play tug-a-war it did n't interest him as much as this new smaller frog . Kong dog toys are always reliable and last a long time . My toy poodle and Pomeranian like to chew out the squeakers , but the fabric the Kong toys are made from stands up well , and is easy to sew up if they manage to get through the surface .
 I actually ordered this for my 40 pound Benji dog . She was a rescue and had to have 15 teeth removed . I figured little and soft would work . Instead this was taken over by my 95 pound lab mix.Little frog does not have any eyes now -LRB- they were chewed off first thing -RRB- but he is carried around and played with regularly .
 Mr. Biggs -LRB- our dachshund -RRB- absolutely LOVES toys that squeak and this one is no exception . His favorite toy has been the ` bo-bo ' -LRB- seen in the PetCo commercials -RRB- but he always ends up ripping them open , chewing the squeaker , and then we have to throw it away -LRB- or wait until my better half 's mom comes over and sews them up ! -RRB- . THIS toy is great - he 's tried to maul it without success ! And since it has a velcro back even if he ruins the squeaker I can put in the ` back-up ' one that came with it ! He has YET to rip open this one or the yellow duckie one . I highly recommend this toy for those that are tired having to sew or throw away squeaker toys !
 I bought a Perky Pet Triple Tube Feeder With 2 In 1 Ports 6 # Capacity and used it for a while , and I found that the squirrels destroyed it!That feeder was made entirely of plastic . The ports/perches are plastic . These ports/perches are way too easy for the squirrels to pop out of the plastic tubes holding the feed . When that happens , the feed spills out on the ground . You can pop the ports back in -LRB- if you can find them -RRB- but all that feed is wasted -LRB- and bird feed is expensive -RRB- . Also , the squirrels chew away the little cups -LRB- in the ports -RRB- that hold the feed in the tubes , so even more feed winds up on the ground.After I got sick of putting feed in way too often , I bought the Duncraft 18202 and I am very happy with it . The differences are that the Duncraft is mostly metal , including the ports/perches , and it has a metal cage around it that keeps the squirrels from getting at the feed and the interior parts . I find that with it , I have to add feed a lot less often . That means I 'm spending way less on feed , so the extra cost of the Duncraft feeder over the Perky Pet will easily pay for itself .
 If you want to virtually eliminate bird seed theft from squirrels , this feeder is for you . Squirrels will continue to try to get seed but they are completly stymied except for spillage into the bottom tray sent there by birds . The squirrls still provide entertainment with their efforts to defeat the feeder 's defenses but are unable to reach seed in the central tubes because of the wire mesh surrounding the feeder.Best feeder I 've found in my fifteen -LRB- 15 -RRB- year experience of bird feeding!W.L . PulsipherOcala , Florida `` The Horse Capital of the World ''
 I purchased the Duncraft Safe Haven bird feeder a couple of months ago and I have been very pleased with it . I had earlier purchased a plastic squirrel hood and a long pole from which to hang it from a tree branch . This combination has worked extremely well . The birds love it , with the small ones going inside and the larger birds hanging from the cage and leaning forward to reach the seeds . Now and then a squirrel manages to make the acrobatic set of moves to get themselves onto the cage , but the fully metal construction seems to be sturdy enough to survive the experience , and about the only seeds the squirrel can get are those that the birds had dropped into the bottom tray . Not much of a reward for their work , and they eventually admit defeat and drop off . It is big enough to only need to be filled about once a week , which is much more practical than the smaller feeders which seem to need almost daily attention .
 We 've had many feeders but this is the only one that was n't destroyed by squirrels and raccoons within a year . Ours is mounted on a pole and has been in ` service ' a good 5 years . It is finally time to buy a new one and this is the only one we will consider for our 3 tube variety . We have a single tube with wire cage for nyger seed . Duncraft makes good feeders .
 I have the 18303 which is bigger and has 9 ports and lists for $ 139 . It holds more seeds , 7 pounds . You have to latch top , otherwise it will allow bottom to fall . You can hear click . It keeps the Pigeons/Doves off the feeder . All the small birds , sparrows and finches use the feeder , but they could not use my droll Yankee because the bigger birds would intimidate them , and the pigeons would sleep on the feed tray.Yes Blue Jays , and European Starlings use feeder and so Red Squirrels which hang upside down , a fabulous Squirrel camera picture !! So overall I am very happy I get lots of Finches feeding from Feeder and it is durable metal . Cardinals feed all the time . Only birds that can not feed are the Dove/Pigeons .
 This is my third Safe Haven model and it does what it is supposed to do . It keeps the squirrels and large blackbirds from `` bullying '' their way around the feeder.The smaller birds just seem to be much more relaxed when using this . They sometimes will just sit inside the enclosure to take in the view or even a nap . My only complaint is that it arrived with two one inch dents on the side of the bottom tray . It could have been done in transit . The birds have n't complained and I can live with it . -LRB- HaHa -RRB-
 We saw this birdfeeder at a garden store for $ 150 ! I knew we could get it cheaper.Great capacity , but not 100 % squirrel proof . Small ones can stick their heads thru the wire mesh .
 Feeder is metal - not wood or plastic . Easy open top to fill with seed . Have only had 1 month , so I have not needed to clean it yet . Seems sturdy . Just what I needed .
 This is a well-made feeder and is always surrounded by hungry birds , particularly finches and even woodpeckers . I usesunflower meats infused with red pepper . This keeps the squirrels away and the metal cage surrounding the feeder keeps the big birds from crowding out the little ones .
 I purchased this feeder , not because I have a squirel problem -LRB- I have the `` witches hat '' diverter above the feeder that keeps the squirrels at bay -RRB- but to reduce the doves , as they had taken over the previous feeder and were keeping the smaller birds away , not to mention the amount of seed they were eating/wasting . I am happy to report that the Duncraft 18202 Feeder surpases my expectations . I still have doves , but they are now eating on the ground and leaving the feeder for the smaller birds . My only criticism is that the feeding tubes are rather small and require dailey replenishment . The metal construction is an improvement over my previouse feeder .
 Of course wearing boots as a dog is not going to come naturally . And more than likely the first time they are put on them they will not only refuse to walk but once they do it will look pretty hilarious . However , once your dog DOES get used to them they are a wonderful protection to all the salts , dirt , etc that your dog would bring home otherwise . And they look adorable.Yes every so often a bootie will fall off ... but for the most part they 've been great for our shih tzu -LRB- who wears the extra small size -RRB-
 Oh my goodness I never laughed so hard after she started wearinf these boots ... Doggies do n't walk so well in them , but I was rolling on the floor ... I love them ... And now she walks in them much better
 The zipper helps add structure and keeps the boot in place on the paw . I 've tried others and they constantly slip off or twist around on his leg . Yes , the seams rip quickly or wear through the bottom , but all others are the same - so you just need to keep them in stock .
 The boots are made so wonderfully ! Very sturdy and showy . Only problem is that an xxxs is still too big for my chihuahua , like an inch and an eighth too big . They would fit a big yorkie maybe or a maltese . The package says an xxxs is for a toy poodle . I would recommend these shoes to anyone with a bigger lap dog , but I will continue to have to look for boots to fit my 3lb chihuahua .
 I love these booties . I have the matching coat and my dog looks absolutely adorable in the outfit . Great value .
 Our pointer/pit bull girl has permanent nerve damage on her front leg , from an accident before we adopted her . She must wear a bootie to protect her paw and pad , since she ca n't feel them . We 've tried 7 types of boots , including those for ` injured paws ' , and none of them stay on -- until this brand !! We live in FL , so I was n't keen on warm ` shearling ' boots , but my vet asst gifted me w/them and my gimpy little girl can now run HARD and play HARD , dig in the sand box and bat around toys w/out us worrying about injury . They wash up remarkably well , too ! -LRB- gentle cycle and cool dry -RRB- I 'm ordering 3 more pair !
 I got these for a miniature pinscher after we went in the snow New Years and he was lifting his feet from the cold . He only wore them in the house so far for about an hour but they never came off . He does n't like them , but after some getting used to they will be fine , and I 'm sure he 'll appreciate them next time there is snow . They fit tight and he does n't have trouble walking . They could be adjusted for a dog smaller or larger , our guy is 12 lbs .
 My puppies love them and I am satisfied . However , you do have to give them the treat outside or in a safe confined area because they are heavily basted and can stain your furniture . My sofa was actually treated to withstand stains and easily wiped off so no problem for me .
 What I expected -- a cute , fun , and girly party collar for my 10 month old puppy . She does n't mind wearing the collar and the rhinestone ends add sparkle . Some of the rhinestones have fallen off , but I expected that . Only a few , not enough to affect the overall look of the collar . Overall , a recommended buy to dress up your girl dog . Too girly for a boy dog .
 Very cute on cats , but the jingle bells kept one of mine trying to find where the bell sound was coming from ... due to the small size I was worried he would try to eat the bells . Make sure to watch your pets when they are wearing this as some may be able to figure out how to ingest the small bells .
 This is the same review I posted for the rainbow colored collar . What I expected -- a cute , fun , and girly party collar for my 10 month old puppy . She does n't mind wearing the collar and the rhinestone ends add sparkle . Some of the rhinestones have fallen off , but I expected that . Only a few , not enough to affect the overall look of the collar . Overall , a recommended buy to dress up your girl dog . Too girly for a boy dog .
 The collar is absolutely adorable . The dog was slightly annoyed by it . The jiggle bells are nice and are n't to load , so its not to bad listening to your dog walk around
 Love these collars and they come in different colors with different themes . They are so fun and festive ! They &#34; jingle bell &#34; ones are perfect for giving your dog a cute &#34; seasonal &#34; look for any holiday photos you might use in your Christmas cards and the Halloween ones on your furry friend make adorable facebook photos !!! One last thing
 I bought this product -LRB- size
 These collars are cutter then words can say and full not skimpy like others that I have bought at holidays from pet stores.Both my girls wore these for birthday photos which I will share . Great item do n't hesitate just get them .
 When I saw this item on Amazon , I just knew it would be the perfect fun accessory for my dog , Suki , to wear on her birthday . I just love the way she looks while wearing it and it was just the right size . Suki is n't a huge fan of wearing apparel but she will consent to wear this collar if I bribe her with some of her favorite treats .
 This Christmas collar looked good on the webpage , but it looked even better out-of-the-box . It actually has three collars , so you can use one , two , or three to make it thinner or thicker depending on the needs of your furry friend . It looked great on my white standard poodle , got a lot of appreciative looks , and I 'm pretty sure my poodle pranced a little more proudly .
 We have a Newfoundland . BIG DOG . Most dog costumes are way to small . But this comes in our dog 's size . I was having a big birthday party , and I wanted her to look the part as well . This collar looks great on a black dog . AND it is comfortable to wear . The collar is on an elastic , so it 's not going to pull or constrict . I do n't think she was even aware it was on her . Since it is comfortably around the neck , there is little reason for a dog to mess with it.The four stars are due to the fact that some of the sequins came off as she romped around , or just walked inside with company around . There are still plenty of sequins on the collar , but there were perhaps 2-3 dozen that came off . You ca n't tell they are missing , except that we picked them off the floor.It looks good . It comes in all sizes . It 's comfortable to wear . Sometimes a few sequins come off .
 This product works very well and leaves our lab smelling nice for weeks . It does n't lather as much as other ones I used before , but works much better . Also leaves the skin shinning and smooth . Our dog is both an indoor and outdoor dog .
 Cleans my dirty dog and leaves her shining and smelling nice for a good week or two .
 What I expected -- a cute , fun , and girly party collar for my 10 month old puppy . She does n't mind wearing the collar and the rhinestone ends add sparkle . Some of the rhinestones have fallen off , but I expected that . Only a few , not enough to affect the overall look of the collar . Overall , a recommended buy to dress up your girl dog . Too girly for a boy dog .
 Very cute on cats , but the jingle bells kept one of mine trying to find where the bell sound was coming from ... due to the small size I was worried he would try to eat the bells . Make sure to watch your pets when they are wearing this as some may be able to figure out how to ingest the small bells .
 This is the same review I posted for the rainbow colored collar . What I expected -- a cute , fun , and girly party collar for my 10 month old puppy . She does n't mind wearing the collar and the rhinestone ends add sparkle . Some of the rhinestones have fallen off , but I expected that . Only a few , not enough to affect the overall look of the collar . Overall , a recommended buy to dress up your girl dog . Too girly for a boy dog .
 The collar is absolutely adorable . The dog was slightly annoyed by it . The jiggle bells are nice and are n't to load , so its not to bad listening to your dog walk around
 Love these collars and they come in different colors with different themes . They are so fun and festive ! They &#34; jingle bell &#34; ones are perfect for giving your dog a cute &#34; seasonal &#34; look for any holiday photos you might use in your Christmas cards and the Halloween ones on your furry friend make adorable facebook photos !!! One last thing
 I bought this product -LRB- size
 These collars are cutter then words can say and full not skimpy like others that I have bought at holidays from pet stores.Both my girls wore these for birthday photos which I will share . Great item do n't hesitate just get them .
 When I saw this item on Amazon , I just knew it would be the perfect fun accessory for my dog , Suki , to wear on her birthday . I just love the way she looks while wearing it and it was just the right size . Suki is n't a huge fan of wearing apparel but she will consent to wear this collar if I bribe her with some of her favorite treats .
 This Christmas collar looked good on the webpage , but it looked even better out-of-the-box . It actually has three collars , so you can use one , two , or three to make it thinner or thicker depending on the needs of your furry friend . It looked great on my white standard poodle , got a lot of appreciative looks , and I 'm pretty sure my poodle pranced a little more proudly .
 We have a Newfoundland . BIG DOG . Most dog costumes are way to small . But this comes in our dog 's size . I was having a big birthday party , and I wanted her to look the part as well . This collar looks great on a black dog . AND it is comfortable to wear . The collar is on an elastic , so it 's not going to pull or constrict . I do n't think she was even aware it was on her . Since it is comfortably around the neck , there is little reason for a dog to mess with it.The four stars are due to the fact that some of the sequins came off as she romped around , or just walked inside with company around . There are still plenty of sequins on the collar , but there were perhaps 2-3 dozen that came off . You ca n't tell they are missing , except that we picked them off the floor.It looks good . It comes in all sizes . It 's comfortable to wear . Sometimes a few sequins come off .
 After buying another brand dog stroller and having it fall apart in less than 8 months I bought the Pet Zip stroller . It was easy to assemble and very good quality . I had one before for my first dog and do n't know why I did n't just get another Pet Zip . I tried the other brand because it said you can fold it with one hand . We use the stroller to take him through the airports so he does n't have to stay in his travel crate as long . We gate check the stroller . Our year old Havanese loves his stroller !
 My 25lbs Cocker Spanial has a heart condition and ca n't walk too far anymore . This stroller has made it easy to take him out to do his business . It is well made , strong but light weight and rolls easily . I highly recommend this stroller !
 What I expected -- a cute , fun , and girly party collar for my 10 month old puppy . She does n't mind wearing the collar and the rhinestone ends add sparkle . Some of the rhinestones have fallen off , but I expected that . Only a few , not enough to affect the overall look of the collar . Overall , a recommended buy to dress up your girl dog . Too girly for a boy dog .
 Very cute on cats , but the jingle bells kept one of mine trying to find where the bell sound was coming from ... due to the small size I was worried he would try to eat the bells . Make sure to watch your pets when they are wearing this as some may be able to figure out how to ingest the small bells .
 This is the same review I posted for the rainbow colored collar . What I expected -- a cute , fun , and girly party collar for my 10 month old puppy . She does n't mind wearing the collar and the rhinestone ends add sparkle . Some of the rhinestones have fallen off , but I expected that . Only a few , not enough to affect the overall look of the collar . Overall , a recommended buy to dress up your girl dog . Too girly for a boy dog .
 The collar is absolutely adorable . The dog was slightly annoyed by it . The jiggle bells are nice and are n't to load , so its not to bad listening to your dog walk around
 Love these collars and they come in different colors with different themes . They are so fun and festive ! They &#34; jingle bell &#34; ones are perfect for giving your dog a cute &#34; seasonal &#34; look for any holiday photos you might use in your Christmas cards and the Halloween ones on your furry friend make adorable facebook photos !!! One last thing
 I bought this product -LRB- size
 These collars are cutter then words can say and full not skimpy like others that I have bought at holidays from pet stores.Both my girls wore these for birthday photos which I will share . Great item do n't hesitate just get them .
 When I saw this item on Amazon , I just knew it would be the perfect fun accessory for my dog , Suki , to wear on her birthday . I just love the way she looks while wearing it and it was just the right size . Suki is n't a huge fan of wearing apparel but she will consent to wear this collar if I bribe her with some of her favorite treats .
 This Christmas collar looked good on the webpage , but it looked even better out-of-the-box . It actually has three collars , so you can use one , two , or three to make it thinner or thicker depending on the needs of your furry friend . It looked great on my white standard poodle , got a lot of appreciative looks , and I 'm pretty sure my poodle pranced a little more proudly .
 We have a Newfoundland . BIG DOG . Most dog costumes are way to small . But this comes in our dog 's size . I was having a big birthday party , and I wanted her to look the part as well . This collar looks great on a black dog . AND it is comfortable to wear . The collar is on an elastic , so it 's not going to pull or constrict . I do n't think she was even aware it was on her . Since it is comfortably around the neck , there is little reason for a dog to mess with it.The four stars are due to the fact that some of the sequins came off as she romped around , or just walked inside with company around . There are still plenty of sequins on the collar , but there were perhaps 2-3 dozen that came off . You ca n't tell they are missing , except that we picked them off the floor.It looks good . It comes in all sizes . It 's comfortable to wear . Sometimes a few sequins come off .
 Honestly this depends on the cat . My cat however seemed to enjoy this product until he loses them . Overall , good product .
 Had almost given up finding something to reduce the hairballs -LRB- on beige carpet -RRB- from our Maine Coon , which were everyday occurrences . In desperation I went online to search for solutions and found this food . Since it was kind of expensive , I just threw a handfull of it into the `` constant feed '' bowl every day . -LRB- The cats would come running . -RRB- I did n't really expect it to make a difference , but I am too poor to just let them chow down on $ 14-per-bag food . Within a week , though , the hairballs were on the decline , and now a month later , they have virtually been eliminated . I am totally shocked ! Although I could justify the expense of this food based solely on its performance , it makes it a little easier when you consider I no longer have to buy carpet cleaner in bulk ...
 I have 2 ragdoll kitties and I thought one of them has a sensitive tummy.They have had only grain free food because I did n't want them to eatunnecessary calories . Besides , corn is really unhealthy for cats & dogs.Lately the vomiting was getting worse and also she started to hack . Iguessed it was hairball related because they have medium coat fur . It isrecommended to give cats hairball remedy food but NOT on the long term.I researched many brands and I bought this one to try . They get halfportion of this brand and half portion of Natural Balance Green Pea withDuck . The Natural Balance Green Pea is for sensitive tummies . It has been2 months and no more problems at all . Their coats look great and they havelots of energy . They like the Royal Canin so I 'll keep them on it for awhile longer .
 My indoor shorthair had severe hairball problems , despite almost daily doses of Laxatone or other similar products . Introduction of this food has virtually solved the problem ... plus `` Mr. Finicky '' actually LIKES it !! Highly recommended and no more expensive than prescription or veterinarian-sold products .
 I have a medium haired cat and four short hairs who upchuck hairballs quite often . This product does help to treat that problemvery well . I received it in very good time .
 I have gone through only two bags of this food with my 2 cats but I really think it might be helping their hairball situation . They had to get used to it at first but now they seem to like it . Since they have both lost most of their teeth they are fed mostly soft food but it is important that the hard food which they do get is small enough to swallow . This seems to work well .
 I was looking for a 2-pound bag of Wellness dry cat food when I discovered this Royal Canin variety . My cat Vita , an eight year old female Maine Coon mix , is very picky about wanting fresh food in her bowl , so I do n't like to buy huge bags of dry food . Although I found the Wellness dry food -LRB- blue bag -RRB- in five-plus pound sizes , I started reading the entertaining and informative reviews of other food . I 've tried Royal Canin in the past and had pretty good results with Vita liking it and not just scarfing it down , only to regurgitate half of her meal . Vita the cat throws up long stringy hair balls from hell . She typically does this in warm weather of course . In my ignorance , I never thought to look for cat food that might help her digest -LRB- and pass ? -RRB- all the hair she ingests from her rigorous grooming . Sometimes I really wince when I see her licking that long fur , over and over . Good grief , I think to myself , your insides must look like a shag rug . I just mopped up her routine hair packages left on the tile , hardwood , and carpet ... how could I be so insensitive as not to look for a digestive aid?Well , to get to the point
 This was exactly what I needed . I mix two types of Royal Canin for my cat . He snubs all other cat foods . Great price !
 My two Siamese have big hairball problems . At first I was hesitant to pay this much for cat food , but my little guys are worth it . This stuff is great - a huge reduction in hairballs plus super-shiny coats . I highly recommend this to other cat owners .
 It is a very feminen green for my little lady . Green is my favorite color and this collar is so pretty . It was a little thin so the details are hidden by her NOT long hair ... but either way . I was pleased .
 The above reviewer did not realize this was not a product to attatch to the tubes when reviewing and if understood then would have probably rated it properly . I 'm glad I did ' t listen to her AGAIN like I did several other times !!! This is such a CUTE item that my hamsters love ! THIS IS NOT A TUBE ATTATCHMENT !!! First of all , I have theSuper Pet Small Animal Critter Trail Playpen with Matattatched to my Habitrail Ovo Mini Cage . This Mushroom has a little solid knob on the end that slips through the bars of the cage to keep it in place , while the oval tube lays on the ground for the animal to enter into the mushroom . The mushroom itself sits off the ground about an inch from the bottom , and is covered in several open holes for climbing . It stands about 6 '' tall . My hamsters love it ! Without a metal cage and just using the ovo there would certainly be some way to prop it up . Honestly , I it may be a challenge but I would buy it that 's all I had to work with .
 Be warned that the connection part is oval shaped instead of round like most Habitrail items so you wo n't be able to attach it to your Habitrail if yours has the round connections . Great , quirky design though . I 'm going to keep it and see if I ca n't use it elsewhere .
 I adopted a mature stray this year . He was a great cat , but scruffy , and his bowel movements were absolutely toxic . I was feeding him Purina One , but on the vet 's recommendation we switched to Royal Canin , and the difference in the cat is amazing . His coat is thick and soft , he no longer sheds , his dandruff is gone , and we do n't need gas masks to clean his litter box . I would never have believed that a change in food could make so much difference , but it did . Great stuff .
 My 19 year old cat was on a prescription diet for almost 2.5 years for his reduced kidney function . It was a great food , but the vet that carried it was 45 minutes away and my other 15 year old cat had loose stools with it . So , after reading MANY labels , Royal Canin Mature seemed to be the best one to go with . It 's not as expensive as the prescription and it worked wonders for both cats . My eldest has since gone to the Rainbow Bridge to wait for me , but he enjoyed this food until the end . I tried to switch my other cat to a different , less expensive brand that also has lower protein and natural ingredients , but he eats only enough to not be hungry ; he is not enjoying his food . So , I 'm switching back to Royal Canin Mature . I 'm glad to be able to get it from Amazon , it 's definitely cheaper than the local , but nationwide , pet chain store .
 We used Royal Canin Indoor Mature 27 Cat Food after having used Royal Canin Indoor 27 regular formula . Not only did our cat 's coat improve , but her feces do not have the unpleasant odor they used to have when she was fed other food . She is now 13 years old and extremely healthy . This food is expensive but worth it !!
 I have a black and white tuxedo male that was living outside . He had been horribly injured by racoons and possibly in a fight with another male cat . After we took him to our vet where his extensive injuries were tended to . After he was neutered and he recovered , he had started developing what looked like dandruff on his coat . After trying several foods , we came across this one . I am happy to report he and his coat are doing great ! He loves this food and his coat is so shiny and wonderful . We named him Sylvester , he is just adorable . The most cuddly thing in the world . We are so happy to have him and so glad to have found a product like this for him .
 I switched to this cat food from Purina One mature formulation . Chicken is the first ingredient ! Many other cat foods have rice or chicken by-products as the first ingredient . This food is specially formulated for the older , indoor cat . The other good thing about this food is that it is low in protein -LRB- 27 % -RRB- , which is important for older cats because of decreased renal function ; Purina One mature formualtion has too much protein -LRB- 37 % -RRB- . My cat really likes the taste and he had no problem switching to this food from Purina One . This is a high-quality cat food and although it is a bit more expensive than other brands , my cat is well worth it !!
 My cats love this cat food ! It is so much easier for them to eat as it is so much easier for them to chew . I have older cats and this is so much better for them . I ca n't get the larger bags of food at the local feed stores , so I order from Amazon , as I have 3 cats .
 My 12 year old cat loves this food and seems to be shedding less since switching to this food . All of my cats are on Royal Canin products , it 's a high quality brand .
 My 12 year-old Tonkinese cat not only loves this food , but she seems to feel better and be healthier after a few weeks on it . We 'll see if there is enough fiber to keep the hairballs away , but for now I 'm very pleased with this food . If hairballs become a problem , I 'll mix in some of the Royal Canin intense hairball food .
 My vet recommended this years ago for my cat who has a digestive tract the size of dental floss . Always got at Pet Smart . Cheaper on Amazon and delivered right to my door .
 Judging how swiftly my cat eats this food she truly likes it.Plus , apparently it 's a good stuff for older cats because it 's a non-prescription and easily found dry food with one of the lowest phosphorus levels -LRB- 0.73 % -RRB- , which is quite beneficial for older cats ' kidneys.I can heartily recommend it!Especially at such fantastic -LRB- and unbeatable anywhere ! -RRB- price at Amazon .
 This food has worked fairly well for my two not quite senior feral rescues , one of whom has CRF and one of whom has IBD -LRB- eating pigeons and food left on the ground apparently is n't so good for young kitties ' digestive systems and other internal organs , I guess -RRB- . It is a lower protein and phosphorus food , but the first ingredient is real chicken -LRB- unlike some renal foods that are made with mostly by-products -RRB- . It also does n't cost an arm and a leg , compared to other special foods , and my CRF kitty , who often rejects a perfectly delicious food once she has tasted it in reverse , has been willing to keep eating this even though she 's been sick on it more than once .
 I mix this with the Royal Canin Intense Hairball 34 as well as a no-grain variety - I figure I am covering all the bases this way and not giving the cats more protein than they can handle . They like the Indoor Mature , and the shape is designed to make it easy for an older cat to chew . I wish RC offered this in a larger bag but I 'll keep getting the 5.5 lb . size until they do . It 's the best formula for older cats that I have found - and best liked by my cats .
 My cat is a very picky eater . This is the best price around and the best food too ! MY Cat goes GAGA over it !
 I have a TERRIBLY picky 15 y.o. Kitteh who wants this and Temptations treats . She wo n't eat anything else ! This is a great price online , and Amazon Prime saves me from having to drive 15 miles one way to the pet store to get it .
 My cat is 19 years old . This food is the best I 've found for her digestion and coat . Easy for her to eat . Thanks !
 I was going to buy this food but checked over at wag.com and found the same item $ 5 less and free shipping , no tax and auto ship options . Usually Amazon is pretty competitive , but not this time.The food is great . My girls have been on Royal Canin for a long time . I do n't mind spending extra but I do n't like to be overcharged .
 Cats -LRB- 2 -RRB- love it . Also a best price anywhere . Arrived right on time . Will buy again when needed . Ordering on line is yhe best .
 Our 12 year old Mainecoon mutt has lost her molars and worked hard to chew Purina Vibrant Maturity . This seems easier for her to chew , but I 'm not sure it 's worth the price -LRB- her main meal is canned food -RRB- or that the other claims are valid . She went nuts when I first opened the bag though , which is so uncool , for her .
 I purchased this product based on reviews . I had previously purchased the CORE for mature cats , but my cat , who is NOT picky about food usually , would not eat it . What a waste of my money . But , THIS food - wow . He LOVES it ! I feed him both moist and dry foods and he goes to this dry food over the moist every time . And , now in my second bag , he does n't seem to tire of it - he seems to have a healthier coat , has more energy and seems generally to feel better . At nearly 15 , I 'm happy that he 's happy and healthy ! Thanks !
 I had been offering my housecats the Fancy Feast canned foods with the Fancy Feast kibble always available . My black Coonie-mix cat would regularly vomit up the clearly identifiable , undigested , highly dyed , cutesy shaped , Fancy Feast bits -LRB- usually on my cream colored carpet ! -RRB- This cat also had already had to have one tooth extracted and I wanted to try to feed him something that would set better on his tummy . After doing some web researching , I ordered our first bag of Royal Canin Indoor Mature Cat 27 a month ago . We went through the gradual change over thing but I do n't think it was really needed as the new food was readily accepted . The first bag has been eaten and joy , and the upchucking has ceased !!! Even his hairball `` gifts '' are getting smaller and much more infrequent.My other Maine Coon is 12 and oddly enough , hairballs never seemed to bother her but , she was eating less and less . She was becoming less active and just did n't seem to be interested in eating kibble or canned and she was noticably loosing weight ! Her vet said she could be heading towards a thyroid problem but he was n't ready to put her on medication yet . I am happy to report that my sweet girl has really taken to this Indoor Mature Cat 27 diet . It is helping her get back to her normal , Maine Coon size and she does seem to be feeling much better , even joining in on some playtime with the young ` uns!Who knew a change of diet could work such wonders ? Clearly , the attitude of `` kibble is kibble '' is out the window . How could I ever return to feeding my cats a food that would make them vomit ?!
 I had been feeding them Pro Plan for years , but when they were both diagnosed with dental fissures a couple of months ago , I started researching brands that would be easier for them to eat . This kibble is made smaller and breaks apart easier than the other brand , and they both love it ! I had tried high end brands like Wellness , Core , and a few others in the past , but they would n't go near them . I do feed them canned also . I think that a combination is best for them . The vet could n't believe that they 're 15 years old , so I must be doing something right !
 Excellent cat food for mature cats and an excellent value . For $ 1 more you get twice as much as buying it at a pet store .
 If it never works again , it will be worth the $ 10 I paid for it . My cat Petunia has so much fun batting the little mouse around . She will hide and watch it until the right moment . Bam ! Radio controlled mouse gets slapped , and off Petunia goes to hide again.The mouse does seem to keep less charge than it did the first night , but it has held up well to getting knocked around . When this one goes to Radio Controlled Mouse Heaven , I will probably buy another one .
 1 . Use fresh batteries in the remote . And remember that batteries do n't last forever . Do n't blame the toy . -LRB- consider using rechargables ! -RRB- 2 . Be sure to TURN OFF remote switch when finished with play session or you will drain the batteries without even knowing it . This is probably why most people here are giving this a negative review , which is user error imho.Maintenance
 Some people seem to be confused about how this works . It only takes a few minutes to charge of the AA Batteries . It works for decent amounts of time , but you have to be pointing the remote at the mouse and other household things that use radio signals , like my step-dad 's helicopter , can interfere -LRB- but the interference works both ways -RRB- . The older cat loves it , the kitten is a little afraid of it ... but it 's definitely fun and worth having around . Granted , it 's not a toy that has any use if you 're not around to charge and run it .
 My 4 cats love this and have so much fun batting and chasing :-RRB- I wish it stayed charged longer . . But it 's great and cats love it !
 I switched to this brand after reading the label . It has very few ingredients that most dogs have an allergy to , such as , soy , corn , wheat and etc. . Since my dog has been eating it , his coat has grown and glistens . Ocsar 's bm 's are fuller . He has more energy and does n't itch as much . I love what this stuff does for him and he loves the taste of it . We will buy more .
 We have a 6 year old Standard Poodle that has been raised on this kibble , and assorted supplemental foods from cream to whole wheat toast ... He is healthy to a wonderful degree , and still puppy-spry ... This is terrific food ... We just wish more stores carried it ! ... That is our ONLY complaint ... limited availability ... *** 2010 UPDATE
 My dog has been eating the NL Veggie kibble for 9 years or so . I used to mix it with their canned veg food until the Natural Life canned was recalled in the big pet food recall -LRB- I 'm sure it 's fine now , and used some while travelling recently -RRB- . Since then , I 've been giving my dog home made food of vegetables , potatoes , yams , etc. with Vegedog added . I either mix this with the veg kibble or serve in 2 separate bowls.After my dog switched from a meat based diet to the veggie diet , she stopped having discharge from her eyes . She has always been active , had a nice shiny coat and is healthy . I 've also tried Evolution , and Nature 's Recipe veggie kibble . The Nature 's Recipe is faily lackluster , bland stuff that my dog will eat but grudgingly . The Natural Life is definitely better than the others . My dog will always enthusiastically eat the stuff .
 This vegan dog food used to be carried by our local Whole Foods . Now this is the best price I can find it for . Shipping cost is steep . But we have a medium sized do , so we ca n't buy the tiny tiny bags they now carry at our local health-food stores . Dog eats the food fine . If she 's feeling picky , we just add some water . Keeps well . What can I say -- it 's dog food .
 I prefer the Iams brand treat for our Shih-Tzu because that is the type of food we feed him . I have a hard time finding it in our local stores so was happy to find it on Amazon . Our dog loves it .
 They want you to feed your dog up to 10 a day . With 2 dogs this little container for 10 $ will go very fast . I cut my dogs back to 3 a day per dog and it still works .
 Worked as advertised . Dogs stopped barking immediately . My only complaint is that because we have an electronic `` invisible fence '' the dogs now have to wear two collars . Would be nice if the two receivers could be mounted on the same strap -LRB- or even better , combined into one unit -RRB-
 I did a lot of research and read probably fifty reviews before I decided to purchase this product . Even though I pulled the trigger , I was still skeptical that it would curb my dog 's barking . Fortunately , my worries were put to ease the day I received the collar . It worked immediately . All it took was one time and my dog stopped the annoying barking . He was a little sheepish for the rest of the day , but he quickly got back to his old demeanor -LRB- not the barking part -RRB- . What 's even better is that he is trained to bark/not bark when the collar is off or on . Meaning , there are times when I * do * want him to be able bark , when we are not at home , for instance , or when he is playing with the kids . When I take his collar off , he knows that he is allowed to bark . Conversely , when we are at home and he begins to bark at an inappropriate time , as soon as we put the collar on , he stops barking -- immediately ! It 's great ! It 's at the point where he does not wear the collar for most of the day and night because his barking has subsided . We only put it on him when we do n't want him to bark . The rest of the time , he does n't bark uncontrollably like he used to . The collar trained him so we do n't even have to use the collar ! Although the price was a little more than I would have liked , you know what they say , the results have been `` priceless . '' Overall , I am very pleased with this product . As a side note , Amazon shipping rocks ! I always pick the slowest shipping method , yet I continually get my products way ahead of schedule . Nice !
 I bought this collar for my hound dog who loves to howl at everything . We have lots of birds and squirrels or just people walking up and down the street , along with two young children so we needed something to get the howling under control . It has 3 levels you can set it on , we have it at level two at the moment . When our dog has the collar on , she barely makes a peep and when she does , she feels it . It 's a little sad but it definitely makes our life easier - and she does n't wear it all the time . Sometimes if she starts to howl , we will just show her the collar and she will stop !
 Every dog will bark . It 's in their nature . I bought this collar in June 2009 . I put this collar on my dog only at night so as not to wake us or the neighbors . He 's a Shepherd/Lab mix and has a loud thunderous bark . The collar has dramatically controlled his barking . In fact he does n't bark when it 's on him . Since he learned his lesson , the batteries last a few months . I 'm on my third battery since 2009 . At six bucks for a two pack , it 's not bad at all.I 'm really giving it 4.5 stars . I would have given this product 5 stars if the red collar was more secure . The one I have has a metal buckle and also a black plastic clasp . The photo does n't show a buckle anymore . Maybe PetSafe made some modifications because there have been occasions when the collar came off . However , it would come off at the clasp.Bark control did what it was designed to do . Control the barking . Now we have peaceful , restful nights .
 We 've tried several other collars to get our hound dog to stop barking , especially when she is on a `` sniff '' , but we 've had to return the others as they did not work well . The PetSafe Deluxe Bark Collar has worked out very well , and has significantly curbed her barking . And the great thing is that we can turn it off so the battery is not wasted . Plus the three levels help to control her . Definitely recommend it .
 I got this collar for my Rat Terrier who , when I let him in the backyard , barks constantly at our neighbor 's dog . I only put it on him for that , so I 'm not sure if he 'll learn to not bark in the backyard without it but it works & does n't harm him , just a quick scare & he stops .
 This is a great collar for preventing barking , however the on/off/level switch is very poorly designed . It is impossible to tell when the collar is off , and most of the time I have to turn it back on just to make sure that I turned it off . So then I have to turn it off again . The correction levels work the same way , by responding to varied lengths of time of pushing one button . I have no idea what level of stimulation my dog is receiving at any point in time . Otherwise , it is small and lightweight and very effective .
 Judging from the photo on line , the clasp/closure on the collar appeared to be a snap type and not a buckle . That was the reason for the purchase of another collar . Upon arrival in the mail , I discovered it was not the snap in kind but just another one with a buckle . It does not seem as secure and the loop that is suppose to hold the remainder of the collar in place is flimsy . Always needs adjustmnets.Would like to see better close ups of the item or detailed discriptions listed with item before purchasing.The collar itself is very efficient .
 I have now purchased two more Petsafe PDBC-300 Deluxe No-Bark Control Collars . The Collar originally came with a strap that used a buckle with spaced holes in it for adjustments . I could not get it to work properly without choking my dog . I wrote to Petsafe and recommended that they use the infinitely adjustable type used on the less expensive model 102 . The company sent me three new replacement straps and said they were going to use them on all Petsafe control collars . Since replacing the straps I can now adjust the collar properly and they work great on my two Mini Schnauzers , and my Cavalier King Charles/Poodle . I would now give them 5 stars . Great customer service . They were quick to respond with the fix and sent me the straps free of charge.JerryPetsafe PDBC-300 Deluxe No-Bark Control Collar with Sound and Vibration Sensitivity
 My extremely intelligent dog gets extremely bored in the outside kennel while I 'm at work , and I was afraid that his constant barking was going to bring the wrath of the law down on us . As a last resort , I ordered this collar , and I wish that I had ordered it sooner . Within 24 hours , my dog quit barking , and that 's on the lowest setting . I am truly amazed at how well and quickly this product delivered on its promise .
 We have a 3 year old Yellow Lab . She is an Alpha Female and still acts as a puppy . She is 75 lbs. , it did not work on the first seeting . As soon as we tried the middle setting she stopped barking . Used it for 2 months now . Great product .
 the collars have controled the barking of my dogs , they learned that when they bark they get zapped and so they have been retrained not to bark constantly .
 Bought this for my sister because her neighbors were calling in to complain about her new dog-a Sheperd.It got to the point where she was cited by the police for noise disturbance.The first night she placed this on Rex it worked wonders.She put it on the lowest level and it did very little for a large dog.She then cranked it up to the middle spot and it worked like the box said.The barking has stopped in all but the most provocative moments such as someone walking around the fence which we tested . So he still barks when he needs to but the recreational barking is no longer.I recommend this
 My 4 month old German Shepherd would bark whenever we put him in his crate or outdoor dog run and he knew we were home . He would n't stop . Ever . We tried many tips from trainers but it was clear that the traditional training methods were not getting the job done . It was also clear that we could not keep him if the barking continued . So as a last resort I tried this collar . INSTANT SILENCE . We only use it when he is in his crate or dog run when we are home -LRB- he does n't bark if he thinks we are gone . Clever little guy -RRB- . We tried the lowest setting first and , while it was clear from his reaction that it did something , he barked through it . So I bumped it up to the middle setting . Got quite a yelp from him the first time it went off and then NO MORE BARKING . Have had it a week now and expect that within another week it it will no longer be necessary to use it at all or , if I do , it wo n't matter if the thing has batteries or not because the mere presence of the device will be enough to deter him . I have heard from others that merely holding the thing up or putting it on a table where the dog can see it is enough to silence them.This deviced saved my dog for me .
 I put this on my black lab because we had a real problem with him keeping us up at night . He would sleep all day and bark all night , and it was driving us up the wall . The first time he wore it , he barked a few times after I put it on him , but he figured out what was going on pretty quickly . After the first time he wore it , for the next several nights , I had to almost wrestle him to the ground to get him to let me put it on him . Now he just accepts it as a part of life . He still has n't learned , though . I thought that he would learn after a while that we only put it on him at night , so he needed to keep quiet at night , but he could bark all he wanted during the day ... he has n't figured that out yet . If I fail to put it on him in the evening , he will STILL keep us up all night . Glad I bought extra batteries ...
 I did n't think my dogs were trainable but these collars worked on them . One dog barked once , nothing , then barked again and `` yipped '' , and from that point on did n't bark twice in a row again . I have to say - they do work . They wore them for a month , and it completely transformed our situation . Now we took the collars off of them , and they still do n't bark - so the training aspect of the collars worked on our dogs . We 're very happy with the results .
 Our dog stopped barking within 1 hour . Our house is peaceful . If she wants attention , she sits and waits or does a little whine . I love this collar .
 We bought this collar over 2 years ago - and it works beautifully.Our dog had taken to barking all night for hours on end . I know it sounds like an exaggeration , but he just would . not . stop . It was almost like once he started , he could n't stop.After reading all different kinds of reviews , I decided there were enough positive ones to give the collar a try . Ordered and received promptly . I was still a bit uneasy about putting the collar on our dog , though , as I was concerned about just how painful it might be . My husband solved that by testing it on himself ! His report
 This product has saved us having to move out our home . My dog has stopped barking and we are a much happier family
 I purchased this collar for my 7 lb Maltese and it sure does the trick . I am now about to order another for my Yorkie . Awesome de-stresser for my home I 'll tell ya ! No more uncontrollable yapping .
 Let me start out my saying that I was always firmly against any kind of shock training product . I ONLY RECOMMEND THIS PRODUCT TO RESPONSIBLE DOG OWNERS that will exercise their dogs vigorously on a DAILY basis and do everything they can to keep their dog fulfilled as nature intended.With that said , my Beagle/Pit mutt has quite the howl . Let 's just say it 's distinct ... He makes 150 lbs dogs jump . I 'm no Cesar Millan , but I 've tried exercise , training , games ... everything I know of , and he still barks when triggered by animals and sounds . I used a spray collar on him for a year . Dogs have a very strong sense of smell , so every time he smelled the collar he knew exactly what was going on . He would cower and become a sad , pathetic little dog . As soon as I took it off , he would go nuts . He knew when it was on and off and totally played the system -LRB- and his owners -RRB- on that one . It was clear that he needed something a bit more `` encouraging . `` As soon as I got this collar , I read the manual thoroughly . Twice . I placed it around his neck and waited . He barked a few times and then it turned into a whine . He got into the bark-correction-bark-correction cycle , and I snapped him out of it just like the manual said to and he was just fine . He clearly got the message.There are two things I do n't like about this product :1 . The battery . It 's a basic watch battery set -LRB- very firmly -RRB- in a plastic casing . PetSafe should be ashamed of themselves for creating such a rip off battery .2 . There 's no manual setting . I would love to have it on auto when I leave the house and on manual when at home , only to snap him out of bad behavior . My dream product would be the field training collar and the bark collar fused into one , giving me -LRB- the dog owner -RRB- total control of my dog rather the bark collar -LRB- the machine -RRB- having control over him .
 The collar has worked great . I have a jack russel who just looves to bark like crazy and we were moving into an apartment . I have at on the 2nd level and what I like is that she can still growl or bark very low which lets her notify us of anything she hears .
 We have a little Maltese puppy . He 's 7 months old and weighs 8 pounds . He started barking after he got fixed , he did n't bark before the surgery . Yeah , so much for being calm after that surgery . He would bark and howl when he 'd go outside . It was terrible . Inside the house any one who would have movement he 'd bark . He was fine otherwise . We researched many different options for collars and decided on this one . We read the directions and put the collar on him . It took one single bark , and a second single bark to change his world and ours too.We really did n't want to get a bark collar but this one puts off a vibration and we thought that was ok . We 've left it on in the day time hours and take it off at night time , for 2 weeks now . The only thing he does is do a low growl to let us know something is going on . If he 's really concerned or wants to warn us , he will bark one time . We have taken the collar off and he has n't figured out the difference . I would highly recommend this product to anyone.I should have gotten this product as soon as we had a barking problem . My advice , get this product as soon as you have a barking problem . You 'll be so glad that you did.A special thanks to the manufacture for making a humane product to solve our issue . We all have peace and quiet at home , our neighbors do too : -RRB-
 I have 6 dogs that love to bark when we take them for a ride in the truck -LRB- do n't worry you PETA folks , it 's got a cage around it so they wo n't fall out -RRB- . I purchased the deluxe model and the standard collar . I thought I would need the deluxe with it 's variable control for our most talkative dogs , but the standard model worked better on all the dogs we worked with . My short-haired dogs trained very rapidly , but the long haired collies took longer but finally got the idea that a bark equaled a shock.The shock is quite shocking , I tried it on myself and gave a bark and once was enough . I do n't think it 's cruel , unless the dog does not train and continues to shock themselves . Keep an eye on them to see how they react . I just use the collars when we go for truck rides to not bother the neighbors when we are driving out . If you have a persistent barker you may need to keep a close watch when using the collars they are not recommended to be on the dog continually .
 I have three Jack Russell Terriers , and one of them is a bark-0-maniac . This is the second PDBC-300 I 've used with her - the first was stolen at the dog park . . She wore it with the battery turned on just twice . Both times , her correction level was very low , and she seemed more surprised by the electric interaction than she was in discomfort.After those initial wearings , I put the collar on , minus the battery . She did n't mind it on her neck , instantly stopped the barking , and now never begins the racket if I just show it to her.My newest rescued Jack has sporadic barking episodes , and I plan to use the collar with him , if it continues , when he 's settled in and no longer apprehensive about his status in the pack/household . When it 's time , I 'm confident that the correction wo n't be too severe , based on past use.Many bark collars really jolt the dog , and that 's not OK with me , but this one works , period .
 PetSafe Deluxe Bark Control Collar , PDBC-300 -- Buy it now ! If you are considering getting rid of your beloved pup , buy this colar now ! I was concerned when I read about the collar and battery issues , but spent the money anyway . OMG , this colar is a miracle . It 's been over a month and the battery is still going strong , the collar is perfectly fine and my embarrassing dog is the sweet waggy-tailed pound puppy I knew he could be . I could n't believe my eyes when a neighbor 's barky dog was walked up to our fence barking his lungs out at my dog , who simply stood there wagging his tail -- and my other dog barked back ! The best thing about this event is that I FORGOT to put the collar on him that morning !!! Seriously , BUY IY NOW !
 This is the one you 're looking for . It works . I have 2 dogs and they yap so much our HOA , which is extremely strict , was threatening to fine us . Our dogs are mini-schnauzers and these collars work . Remember to turn off the collars if your dogs are in at night and their batteries will last for several months . When one barks , the other collar does not shock which is what we were concerned with . My wife put it on and said it really hurts too , if that helps you . for real , on a dare . it was funny .
 I bought two of these collars for use on my pitbull and english pointer . My neighbor complained that they were barking at 5AM when I left for work . These collars stopped the barking completely on only the lowest setting . I like that fact that it times out if they bark a lot in a short period of time as would be the case with an intruder . The only thing I do n't like is the specific batteries you have to buy . But , after 4 weeks I 'm still on the originals . One downside to the collars , as would be the case with all collars in general , is it pretty much stops the dogs from playing while they are on . You can see this in the increased energy levels when you return home . However , due to the poor reviews of most ultrasonic deterrents I decided to go with the collar .
 This is the second ones I 've bought for both of my dogs -LRB- a doberman and a Yorkie -RRB- . The first ones lasted about 4 years . My husband thought that was a bad deal , so we tried several other brands . None of them held a candle to this Petsafe model . So needless to say , they have their Petsafe bark collars back on . The only problem is that they know when the collar is n't on they get away with barking .
 This collar has been life-changing , as far as controlling our beagle 's nuisance barking and howling . We had tried the citronella spray collars , and at first , were amazed by how well it worked . however , our dog being as stubborn as he is , quickly learned to live w / the smell and spray -- chasing squirrels in the yard would create a frenzy in him that was not halted w / a spray to the face . in fact , after a round of barking w / the spray collar on , i actually sprayed him right in the face w / the citronella , and he just stared at me as happy as can be !! lol!so after some hesitation , we bought this collar w / the hope that it could help us control his barking . and you know what ? it did just that . on the first day , on the lowest setting , jack quickly learned that barking would give him a small jolt . he actually gave a kind of yelp similar to when another dog would nip at him if he was being too playful . he barked one more time that morning , and afterwards , did n't hear another loud sound for the next hour!now , i have to say that i do n't think this is a good idea for ppl that want to keep the collar on all the time . it should be used as a training tool and definitely not a permanent solution . w / that said , i have effectively trained my dog not to do so much barking early in the morning -LRB- when i let him out in the backyard -RRB- and late in the evening when it 's dark out . i 'm sure my neighbors appreciate that ! the rest of the day , he 's free to be as loud however much he wants . initially , i would have to keep the collar on him in the morning/evening time , but after the first week , he only really needs it on once every couple days to remind him . and the great thing is , i dont even turn it on and he still doesnt bark !! so for anyone who 's on the fence about this , i 'd say give it a try . the citronella collar worked for the first week , but stubborn dogs will likely get used to it and find a way around . the only reason i gave 4 stars instead of 5 is that like what other reviewers have said , the collar is pretty cheap.good luck w / your training !
 We 've owned this collar for the most barky of my three dogs for two years now , and I just ordered a second for my # 2 dog about whom we recently received neighbor complaints . The collar has completely changed # 1 dog 's obsessive behavior with trucks and vans . She now only makes a low rumbling sound in her throat -LRB- while still running back and forth on the rock wall -RRB- , instead of the incessant barking of the past . I replace the battery about twice a year . Perhaps the collar Rocky used was defective in some way ? I hope s/he made a call to Petsafe before giving up ; they have very helpful customer support . We 've had their wireless fence system for 4 years now . The bark collar 's fit needs to be right , and if the dog is still barking , perhaps the intensity needs to be moved to the next highest level . The medium level works fine for my obsessive barker . Bottom line - I 'm really glad for this product , which allowed us to keep our dog , while knowing she wo n't get shocked by another dog 's bark .
 HIGHLY RECOMMEND THE PET SAFE DELUX BARKING COLLAR . OUR BEAUTIFULGERMAN SHEPHERD WAS A BARKER FROM AN EARLY AGE AND OVER TIME ANNOYEDOUR NEIGHBOURS AS SHE BARKED AT THEIR EVERY MOVE . EXHAUSTED FROMTRYING THE USUAL METHODS I WAS DESPERATE AND MY VET ADVISED ME TO USEA BARKING COLLAR , I ENQUIRED WHICH WAS THE BEST AND SAFEST ON THE MARKETAND PURCHASED THE PET SAFE MODEL -LRB- I SAVED WELL OVER 60 % BY BUYING FROMAMAZON THAN AT MY LOCAL PET STORE -RRB- MY DOG IS NOW CONTROLLED WHEN SHECAN BARK AND HAS LEARNT WHEN SHE CAN NOT - I WILL ALWAYS OWN A SHEPHERDAND I WILL ALSO HAVE A BARKING COLLAR ON HAND .
 Barking was under control in less than 2 days . On the 3rd day i noticed a completely different dog . No more 3 am over-barking at neighbors coming home from a club . No more 4am over-barking at the Sunday newspaper delivery . No regrets on this purchase AT ALL .
 I have two young dogs , who were such a nuisance to the neighbors , they had already been evicted . These collars saved us . Since we live out of the country , I bought three collars , just in case one did not work . I orginally purchased two of the original brand and one 300 series.The 300 series is clearly better and we now switch it between the two dogs and I am purchasing a second one while I am back in the states.I agree with the concerns about the collar and fit.We had a small battery problem . In the original collars , after we replaced the battery , we could not get it to function as well as it did with the first battery that came with the collar . I also agree with other reviewers that the high price of the batteries is unfair.Regradless of these concerns , the 300 series collar has been fantastic . It not only depleted my dogs barking by about 95 % , it has made them much calmer dogs . It 's as though the barking added to their frenzied attitude . Now that they do n't bark , they are both calmer.The collars have helped to transform our pups into nicer dogs .
 We really need this collar for our Bichon Frise . He barks at anyone entering our home and would n't stop without this collar on . He knows how loud he can woof before getting shocked . It helps - but sometimes he just ca n't help himself and barks while getting a big shock ... Also , these collars have consistently worked wonderfully , but for a limited time - after about 6-9 months , it usually just stops working -LRB- even changing the battery does n't help -RRB- . So , we just keep buying new ones . Wish they could make these last longer !
 Our dog would constantly bark at squirrels birds and people . It only took about 10 minutes for him to learn not to bark . The band itself is crap .
 This barking collar stopped the barking right away . The only negative thing is that it still lets him whine , which he has learned he can do . But at least we can put him in his kennel and get some sleep ourselves . I would recommend this product ; definitely a good price for a good product .
 It took only a few hours for my dog to associate her excessive barking with the correction and after only a couple of days her barking was totally under control . She rarely even receives a correction these days and the original battery is still going 6 weeks on . Even wearing the collar with the it turned off her barking stops . It 's a great training tool for anyone with a dog who 's barking is out of control .
 We have two new puppies , now 6 mo old , that have been driving our neighbors , passing golfers and dog-walkers totally crazy with their non-stop barking . We went in search of help , and seeing all the positive reviews of this product , we bought two and crossed our fingers . The result is truly miraculous ... The puppies learned within a day that they could only bark once before getting the static zing ! Best money we 've ever spent on an Amazon product .
 After a year of listening to two little yippers who responded only temporarily to other training techniques this collar did the trick in a matter of days . And the results have held up over time . Our lovable little terriers would bark loudly when anybody passed by their fenced-in area . Living in an urban area - with lots of other dogs and kids around - this happened all too often . Nothing we tried worked until we got this collar.The vibration sensing feature helps ensure that only the bark of the dog wearing the collar triggers the correction . That was a concern of ours since we have two dogs . We first tried it on the one that barks most and loudest for a week and it showed results within hours . Since then we 've alternated one week intervals for each dog and we finally have some peace and quiet around here - other than the neighbors ' noisy dogs and kids !
 This item worked pretty well . My dog stopped barking very quickly . One must be careful because when I set it too high , my dog yelp . So make sure you use the settings gradually .
 Have some small dogs and they can be yappy but this does the trickkeeps the barking to a minimum . Ca n't do with out it !!!
 This is the 2nd Bark Collar I purchased and this one works so much better ... . I would recommend this for anyone with the a dog that is barking and needs some peace and quiet : -RRB-
 I bought one of the collar as pictured directly from the PetSafe website . It was the best I 've had of three different types of bark collars because it does n't fire when the dog shakes his head , and the adjustable dial gives me control over the severity of the `` reminder '' the dog receives . A school play yard is adjacent to my backyard , and the dogs would bark hysterically whenever the children were outside , driving my wonderful neighbors nuts . It worked so well on my younger Schnauzer that I decided to get another one for the older Schnauzer . The new collar arrived with a different buckle arrangement than the one in the picture . It has the black plastic snap fastener , a metal buckle , holes for the buckle tongue to go through , and a black plastic holder for the excess strap . All this gear on a little mini Schnauzer neck is not a pretty sight ! The holder piece broke , so I have to weave the excess strap under the collar so it does n't flap around . Now , the good news
 This is an excellent collar/training system . . PetSafe is a reliable company that takes pet care seriously . My dogs took to the collars so well , they only need to wear them as a reminder a few hours a week . They actually go the hang of it after just one doorbell/bark session and actually stayed away from the door the entire time they had the collars on . If the kids get the dogs going , all I have to do is grab a collar and show them and they settle down immediately . There is an intimidation factor present and it works wonderfully . The nylon section is strong and durable and I have had nothing but good luck with the product . I would highly recommend it to anyone who cringes every time a visitor rings your doorbell or a squirrel passes by . It truly helps them keep control without you lifting a finger . Excellent product !
 Cars , pedestrians , the UPS truck , stray dogs , cats ... my otherwise wonderful dog would bark at the slightest provocation and charge madly at his target . I tried the scent-spray collar and it did n't have any impact so this was my last resort . I set the collar on the lowest correction -LRB- the deluxe model has three settings -RRB- , and put his collar on . His next `` bark-a-thon '' lasted about 20 seconds -LRB- while he was at the same time charging the front fence at a passing car -RRB- - he STOPPED charging toward the fence and STOPPED barking . Four hours later , when he caught wind of a cat in the back yard , he charged out as usual and the barking ended in about 10 seconds . THE END - no kidding ! That was five days ago , and he has n't barked since that first day . Not only am I -LRB- and , no doubt , my neighbors -RRB- delighted that he 's stopped the bark-a-thons , he 's much calmer about the normal goings-on around here . He still runs out to check out any strange noises , but there 's no charging and spinning out at the fence and he 's not chasing the poor cats . I will say that he looked very startled the first time he received a correction - but as soon as I reassured him , all was well again . This works much faster and it 's much more effective than months of `` quiet '' commands that were , for the most part , completely ignored . A great product !
 I have a stubborn dog and this worked great . I tried it on my self and it did n't really hurt as much as it was just startling and there were no after effects from the shock -LRB- no lasting pain of any kind -RRB- . I am ordering another one for my second dog !
 I have 3 dogs -LRB- 2 mini-dachshunds and a mutt -RRB- , and decided to invest in this for the instigator of the bark-fest that takes place at my house daily . I tried an ultra-sonic device that didnt do anything , along with other behavioral things . My husband was ready to get rid of the dogs and I was getting a little nutty . This was worth every penny.I started on the weakest setting and that worked fine for my dog . When the collar gave a `` correction '' , my dog yelped , and would run into her kennel , which made me feel horrible . It took only about 3 `` corrections '' over the course of the week to transform my dog into being a church mouse.Since my other dogs took up the barking given up by the instigator , I rotated it among my 3 ... until the mutt got ahold of it and chewed off the dial ... A couple of things ... You have to buy the special batteries by Petsafe for this , which is sort of a pain . It is also rather bulky for smaller dogs .
 Wow , I can not believe how well this model actually works . We have two daschunds who bark on a regular basis . My wifes job has just been moved form work to home office . She is on the phone all day with various customers . Of course the customers still think she and the rest of the workforce are in a fancy office building somewhere . Anyway , the only drawback is that the barking dogs in the backgroundis a dead giveaway and something that could have ultimately cost her her job.So we had to act fast . I purchased two PET SAFE bark collars from a local pet store her in town . One was the PetSafe PBC-102 No-Bark Collar -LRB- RED CLOTH COLLAR -RRB- and the other was PetSafe Small Dog Bark Control Collar -LRB- PLASTIC BLACK COLLAR -RRB- . Both of these collars were ineffective and did nothing to curtail the barking . Also I paid 175.00 total for the two of them.I took them back to the store , got online and found this model
 I love this collar . It is very effective . What I really like about it is there is a double insurance that your dog will not get shocked by the bark of another dog because it also detects the vocal vibrations . I have a house full of six dogs at the moment and a few of them are excessive barkers . You can also choose the correction level for each dog from mild to stronger.I feel that a shock collar is more human than a citronella collar . Dogs have a sense of smell much greater than humans and I feel that a shot of citronella is like torture . I ca n't even stand the smell of citronella ! Just my thoughts on the subject.My dogs have learned not to bark for the most part . There are days that they require the collar now and days they do n't . One of my girls has learned just how quiet to bark in order not to set it off which is fine by me.I have found this product very effective . None of my dogs have a problem when I put the collar on them but they do know what it means .
 If the wind blows , my dog barks . If you talk , my dog barks . My dog loves to bark , it 's fun for her . I put the shock collar on her , put it on the highest level and waited for the first bark . It was like the dog was struck by lightning , she screamed and yelped like someone was beating her like a step child . But then , no more barking ... I mean no more barking . Her tail wagging away , but not one sound coming out of her trap !!! My family ca n't believe that we now have a nice quiet happy dog . It 's amazing !
 Excellent . I resisted a shock collar for 3 years , now I kick myself for not getting it earlier . I thought it was cruel to shock my anxious , leash aggressive , 75 lb excessive barker , but after I tried everything thing else , I gave in . He got shocked a couple of times and has now stopped . In fact , he 's almost relaxed now in situations that used to set him off . He still will bark without the collar , but even then , he does n't get set off so easily .
 We have used this for the past month on our 45 lb . Wheaton Terrier and it has been a God-send . He learned really quick not to bark when the collar is on . However , he still barks when it 's off . Only complaint is that the buckle is pretty flimsy . A bit of advice
 This is a great product . It does what it says it does , is very user friendly and as long as I keep it on my dog he does n't bark . He has become smarter than than bark collar . He knows if it 's off he can bark freely . I just wish there was a separate on and off switch so u can save battery power because they only last about 30 days . I would defiantly recommend this product .
 Had tried ultrasonic birdhouse previously ... -LRB- what a waste of money ! -RRB- After a ` warning ' visit from animal control - I reluctantly ordered a bark collar.Only wished I would have ordered it first ! ... took just a day or two , but our labrador learned quickly.I 've since ordered a 2nd collar for other barking culprit -LRB- american eskimo = yap , yap , yap ... -RRB- She caught-on in only one day!Thank you ! Thank you ! -LRB- my neighbors thank you also ! -RRB-
 `` Jack , Shut up ! '' This one starts barking about an hour before we get up in the morning . `` Turkey , quiet ! '' This one barks for half an hour before their evening meal and at anything that moves outside . Keep saying either or both of these every few minutes until you buy this collar.We have 7 dogs . This is the fourth one of this exact collar we bought . Sometimes we have to use all four . The collar is lightweight . Dogs can eat and sleep with it on , if necessary . It can be adjusted to our 15 lb . Jack Russel and there is still collar left over when it is on our 51 lb . mixed breed . He even comes over to have it put on when he sees me get it out . Batteries are easy to find -LRB- online -RRB- and replace .
 We bought the PetSafe Bark Control because it is better for larger dogs . We have a golden retriever that enjoyed hearing himself bark . Moving into an apartment building shared with others , we knew we had to get his barking under control & fast . We were hesitant buying one because we did n't think he 'd figure it out . It can take up to two weeks for the dogs to figure out the bark collar , but ours figured it out the first night -LRB- and he 's a little ditz , so we thought he 'd take longer than 2 weeks -RRB- ! It is so relaxing to have a quiet household again ! We have it on the 2nd setting , as the first one he barked right through without caring . It 's so nice to have a well-behaved dog again !
 This collar has been a blessing ! We have a schnauzer and a snorkie and they both bark too much . Put this collar on each dog and the first time they barked , they learned not to bark when they have the collar on ! Now , all I have to do is take the collar out of the drawer and they see it and stop barking ! Best money I 've spent in a long time .
 Our neighbors were leaving notes on our door saying our two dogs barked continuosly . We bought each of them a collar and the next note we got said he had n't heard any barking . The collar works great . Only use it when you want them quiet . We can now take them on long walks without their collars and they do n't bark . I love the collars and have told many about it !
 Due to the problems I have had in the past with burned necks and a GSD who knew how many times he had to turn around to reset the collar , I did n't want to get one . But due the his barking needed to do something . In the past I admit to buying cheaper models.I compared many before ordering this one . It did n't take long for my dog to realize that he could n't reset this collar . The warning busy now is all he needs . It is wonderful to have a quite house again . The collar was worth the price . The only problem was it did come with a battery that did n't last an hour . I talked to Amazon and the problem was settled very quickly .
 This collar worked great , it stopped all the barking within a few days , he still wines a little bit and he does n't get shocked because of that but he does it ~ 95 % less than before . Make sure you follow the instructions that came with it , they were very useful.My dog was n't reacting at the first level of shock so I had to crank it up to lvl 2 almost right away and that worked perfectly . I did have to follow the instructions in the manual and make sure I reassured him the first few times he was getting shocked has he was going `` berserk '' and barking even more and panicking if I did n't come quickly and calm him . The collar has positively affected his overall attitude and now he is such a good boy and has calmed right down.Before this we had tried many techniques to make him stop and nothing was working , even professional trainers . It was so bad that when he was outside I use to day dream of me going out with a shovel and shotgun in hand to take care of him ... which I was n't actually going to do -LRB- wife would n't let me -RRB- but I was certainly thinking of getting rid of him . So if you ask me , I would recommend this product and any other reviews of people saying that the collar was getting loose on it 's own , were frustrated with the Test mode or other issues are stupid and did n't take the time to read and understand the instructions , everything is very clear and easy to understand in the manual . Who does that , strap a shocking collar on a dog without making sure to understand how to make it work .
 Has been easy and very effective . not hard to put together and has stayed on without any extra work and not uncomfortable .
 I have four dogs who have a tendency to make some racket at times for various reasons . This collar really does the trick . It has different settings for the dogs , which is great . I have one Border Collie with a tremendous amount of hair and needs the highest setting to be effective , where my short hair dogs need the lowest setting . The batteries seem to last forever .
 We have a lovely Sheltie who drives us up the wall with her incessant barking . After trying numerous products and training methods to &#34; attempt &#34; to teach her to bark one alert bark and stop , we finally resorted to using this collar . I really did NOT want to use a shock collar on my dog ! However , this has adjustable settings , so we can put it on the lowest setting available . She quickly learned not to bark while wearing the collar . Now , I just need to fasten something of similar weight to the front of her regular collar to see if that will keep her from barking , without actually wearing the shock collar .
 We like to let our dog out to run in the yard but he barks at everything . With neighbors who work different shifts we hate when he makes too much noise . The Bark Collar lets him run and keeps the noise down . Fabulous .
 This came in handy because I now work in a area that requires 24/7 visibility for my access cards . This is exactly what I needed .
 This collar works perfect . It stays perfectly clasped no matter how much my dog shakes her head . Best of all , it completely stops the barking when she wears it . My dog took to it straight away , others though might need some comforting like the manual suggests . I am very satisfied with how this product works . However , I have to get batteries already . I have been using it for about 2 months so maybe that 's typical , depending on how much your dog barks , which mine is one .
 When one of our howling basset hounds barked it shocked her a little bit and she stopped , so , far the set-up and the collars have been great ! Can not wait til ' our house has no more barking dogs . The only thing I did n't like was trying to pry the plastic apart and I really do n't like how the battery is in the middle of the plastic . What 's up with that ? Overall
 This product worked far better than expected . We have two dachshunds that were barking constantly when we were away . We correct them for it when we 're home so they know not to do it . We thought they were doing fine until we received a letter from the city because of a complaint from a neighbor . Using a tape recorder we found that they were barking like crazy while we were at work . We tried the sonic bark deterrent first and it did nothing . Now we use the shock collar and the barking went immediately to zero . I tried the collar myself to make sure it was n't too inhumane . It works really well especially with multiple power settings . It only triggers when it hears barking AND feels the vibration of the neck during a bark . We can have it on one dog and it wo n't trigger if the other dog barks . Our only issue now is making sure they do n't bark when the collar is off . We 've left the collar on some days without turning it on and they still stay quite . We 're now alternating their regular collars and the shock collar and it seems to be working.Our delay in trying the shock collar was because we thought it was too inhumane , but it really is n't . They learned very quickly and do n't seem to even want to chance it anymore . And again , I tried it myself and found the first power setting to be nothing but a slight tingle . We continue to record them sometimes with no collars on and they now seem to understand that they are not supposed to bark even when we 're away.The collar also has an easily adjustable length that seems like it would fit any size dog . The shock portion seemed kind of clunky on the smaller neck of my dachshunds but it does n't seem to bother them a bit .
 Totally works for our howling Redbone Coonhound ! Amazing ! She just chills out now in the front lawn when the FedEx truck , mail truck or dogs go by our house . Our neighbors are very pleased . I rated it 4 stars because the collar -LRB- not the shock part -RRB- that came with ours was terrible and the metal buckle fell apart after 3 days of wearing it . Went to PetsMart and found an updated PetSafe collar and replaced it and it works great .
 My dog barked once with this thing on , got a mild shock , and he did n't bark again for weeks . He is quiet at nights and does n't even bark at our cats any more . He 's been wearing it for 4 weeks and has only barked again when another dog came up to him barking and growling and again when someone came to the door late one night . Both times , the collar quited him down after 2 barks , but he did yelp very loudly after the second bark.If you do n't want your dog in pain , dial down initial sensitivity of the device , that way there will be less violent shocks before a truly painful one.I took one star off due to the propietary battery . The battery did last about 3 months of continuous use.The dog does n't even notice the collar any more and when the battery ran out and we took the collar off until the replacement battery arrived , he still would n't bark . I am sure my neighbors and cats greatly appreciate this little device .
 The collar has stopped our 10 month old Australian Shepherd from nuisance barking . We only put it on her when she goes outside . She will bark once and then `` remember '' . Sometimes she will growl if she actually sees something . The only downside is the collar is kind of flimsy . We cut it to shorten it but find that it still flops around . Overall , I would definitely recommend this product .
 Our dog is a barker . Once he got used to it , he actually does n't bark at the garbage truck ! It is amazing how much better he is even without it . Mind you , when he does n't have it on , he still does get to barking a bunch , but it seems that his barks are less frequent and does not continue for the whole 5 minutes that a person may be in view of the front of our house . One thing that we have really liked about it is that because it detects vibration AND sound , he can still groan and growl and make noises while playing with his sister without being shocked . The only problem we have with it is that if the electric part of it is not directly in front of his throat it does not seem to work very well . Also , I agree , the buckle is ridiculous ! We have Petsafe fence collars and I ca n't see why they ca n't just use the same buckle . We have a piece of electrical tape over the metal part with the peg to go through the collar and then just unbuckle the plastic part .
 I bought this for our little Shih Tzu when the neighbors started calling about her very early morning barking . I was very worried that this would hurt her or frighten her but we had tried everything else . I set it on the lowest setting and put it on her . She started to bark and then immediately stopped . She barked once more and that was it . After that first time , I never turned it on again , simply putting it on was enough of a reminder .
 Este collar es excelente , los resultados ya se observan al segundo d&iacute;a de su uso . Se los recomiendo . * Es liviano , no muy grande . * Se coloca muy f&aacute;cilmente . * F&aacute;cil manipulaci&oacute;n.Es muy bueno !
 Love this product !! Do n't even need the battery anymore ! Just put the collar on and no more barking ! Thank you
 Tried a citronella collar , it worked at first but after a couple of weeks she just ignored it . This thing stopped her cold on the lowest setting . What 's really nice is that our other dog can not set it off . This was a problem with the citronella collar . The collar itself is pretty cheap but it stopped my dogs barking , it deserves six stars .
 I reasearched several and this care rated the highest . It worked afyer just a couple of days . Now we can put the collar on without even turning it on and there is no badking !
 I have a Cocker Spaniel that howls every time he finds himself alone . It is very annoying for both my family and my neighbors . This collar solved that problem almost immediately . The batteries do run down fairly quickly though . Once the battery dies it will take my dog a couple of weeks to realize he can howl again but eventually he does . The replacement batteries are fairly cheap on Amazon though .
 We tried other methods first , including a citronella spray collar , but our insecure mini schnauzer 's uncontrollable hysterical barking at other dogs , pedestrians , delivery people down the block , bicyclists passing the house or the car , people in other cars stopped at lights , and for no reason at all was driving us crazy . In desperation , and after reading the many positive reviews , I ordered the PetSafe Bark Control Collar . After just a couple of wearings , the overtime barking was eliminated . It does n't zing the dog until the 6th bark . Our schnauzer is very bright ; she learned so quickly that now all I have to do is show her the collar or ask her if she needs `` her collar '' , and she stops barking immediately . The quiet yard , quiet house , and quiet car make this collar a must-have for us . Yes , I was reluctant about possibly hurting my dog , but I tried the zap myself , and while unpleasant , it was quick and mild . If we have workers or guests coming to the house , or the dog is in the car with us , we put the collar on routinely , as insurance against out-of-control barking . She can still give a few warning barks , which is normal for a schnauzer protecting her turf , but we no longer have to waste our breath scolding her for non-stop barking . The PetSafe Bark Control Collar has made life better for her and much more peaceful for us . Highly recommended ,
 I purchased this collar to humanely reduce my dog 's incessant barking whenever I let her outside . She 's an Australian Shepherd that would bark at everything when we let her out , regardless of the time of day or night . The collar did not work like magic , as some other reviews implied . It was more a gradual decline in her barking over a few weeks , but there is definite improvement ! We have had no issues with the collar staying fit or irritation to her skin . Her neck mane is pretty thick so we just had to be sure that we got under her coat so there was actual contact , but did not have to trim her hair . I do recommend this product as it has performed as promised and am satisfied with the results .
 Collar is easy to use and effective . However , it would be great if the collar portion could be updated !
 I started this collar on the lowest setting for my 28 lb . terrier and never had to change the setting . For my Catahoula -LRB- 48 lbs . -RRB- it took a little more - the second setting . Both dogs come to me to have their collars put on when they go out first thing in the morinig . Then I take them off at nine so they can eat . The collars have to be set just below the chin - kind of high on the neck - for them to work properly . If they start barking during the day I only have to hold the collar where they can see it and ask them if they want me to put it on them . They do n't . And they stop barking , too .
 it has been a month without a problem . Like the on off switch . Increases battery life .
 Works like a charm . Our beagle does n't make nearly as much noise as he used to now . The collar is a little hard to put on a squirming beagle -LRB- he gets excited about going outside -RRB- but it works .
 My chihuahua is a bit spoiled and gets upset when he does n't get his way . He then starts barking incessantly so that it drives everyone insane . This no bark collar has saved us from the headaches and complaints . It does work and does the job like it is supposed to . It stopped the barking and now I only have to use it occasionally . He does n't go into his yapping mode as frequently as before . I would recommend this to anyone who has a little dog that is a yapper . I did have to adjust the collar to make it smaller so it would work for him .
 Has stopped a very stubborn dog from excessive barking in the apartment at any outside noises . People at the door , by the door , making noise on the street outside the windows , people coming into the lobby . I 'm sure my neighbors are relieved !
 This product is great our dog barked at people walking pass the house and just to be barking when no one or thing was outside , inside the car . After the he barked the first time and he received the vibration he did not like it . We do not even have to turn it on just put it around him and he knows that he can not bark . Great product to buy to help control barking
 This product worked wonders for my little toy poodle that weighs about 8 lbs . He is quiet for the most part but as soon as I leave him to go to class and put him in his crate , he would bark and scream furiously . Last year when I had him , I never worried about him making any noise because my roommate had a dog and they both kept each other company . This year , my new roommate does not have a dog and it never crossed my mind that my little dog would literally `` freak out '' when I left him alone . I knew I needed to do something fast , soon , and effective out of respect for my neighbors in my apartment and my sanity . I tried the inaudible noise machines with no success . I finally researched and read the reviews for this product and decided to take a leap of faith and try it . My family also has 2 big dogs at home that wear this collar at night and it has worked amazingly for them . At first , my little dog did n't know what was going on when I put the collar on but he soon figured it out within a couple days . I set the collar on the lowest setting and gave it a trial run . He quickly learned that if he barked or screamed , he would receive a little shock . He now makes no noise at all !!! It 's a miracle . I thought nothing would quiet him . I only put the collar on when I 'm in class which is only about 4 hours a day . The battery life is still working great since I only use it a couple hours a day and I have had this collar for over a month . There are even times when I will put the collar on without turning it on now and he understands . He does not bark during that time . I also love that this collar is made of nylon so it is more comfortable for him and easily adjustable to his small neck . I hate that I had to do this to him but I had no choice . It was either do this or I would have to move to another apartment due to his excess noise when I left . This was a great purchase and I am so glad that I did it . I 'm hoping it will get to the point where I only have to show him the collar and he understands so I do n't have to put it on him at all . I 'm so thankful for this product and so are my neighbors I 'm sure !
 The collar works ! We used to live in a house with a doggie door and then we moved into a condo . Such a big change for a 9 year old dog . She likes to watch what goes on outside but could n't because she would always bark . Our neighbors hated us . They have exceptional hearing ! Now she can go onto the balcony alone and watch the people and I was able to get a job and did n't have to worry about her barking ! She does growl some but I think its because she is too stubborn to stop and deals with the vibrations . And my neighbors even like us so I know they ca n't hear her at all ! :-RRB- must buy !!!
 We went to Petsmart YEARS ago to look at the various bark collars , and the sales people basically shamed us out of buying one , saying that we needed to train our dog better and that it was inhumane to use these things . Well , I could n't agree more w / the importance of consistent training , the problem is that you CA N'T consistently train a dog out of nuisance barking without a collar of this sort . This is the only way they 'll consistently receive correction for barking when they are not allowed to bark . I wish we bought this years ago when we originally wanted to because it has given me back my home and my sanity.What made me break down and get one ? Well , our son is now 2 yrs old and I 'm pregnant again -LRB- and VERY tired ALL the time ! -RRB- . Our dogs will bark and wake us up in the morning , which is NOT cool b/c my son will NOT go back to sleep which means neither do I. Then , the mail man and UPS man BOTH come during my son 's nap time , and of course our dogs must sound the alarm ... and heaven forbid they see a squirrel in the back yard ! This cuts my son 's nap short which means I have a cranky 2 year old all afternoon ! I tried to stay close to them during nap time to manage their barking ... and even would fly out of bed to go restrain them in the morning . I knew it was ridiculous when we were on vacation and room service knocked on our hotel room door and I FLEW out of my chair out of habit to restrain and hush the dogs -LRB- who were not even with us -RRB- . Literally any sound will set them off . That 's why I say that without a collar YOU ca n't consistently train your dog not to bark at every little thing - you may be a house length away at the time . By getting a collar you can adjust to suit your dog 's temperament , you can ensure consistent correction will be given to your dog as he/she needs it , whether you 're close by or not.So I read a lot of reviews and here 's why I chose this collar over other collars : - It is adjustable - We use level 1 on our 15lb dog and level 2 on our 50lb dog - It only corrects the dogs when it senses the SOUND AND VIBRATION of barking , so that means if one dog barks both dogs do n't get corrected . - This is good for dogs 8 lbs and over - It 's water proof - It is light weightWe put the collars on our dogs and they have reduced the noise level in our house immensely . They will still get out one good bark , but they do n't keep barking on and on like maniacs . Their necks seem fine - no irritation from the collar . And once they know the results of barking equal correction , they really do n't get corrected w / them much now since they stay much quieter to begin with.All around I 'd say these collars were a great investment .
 I am using this collar on a 40-pound Corgi , and it has reduced a tendency to compulsive-excitement barking especially first thing in the morning . The progressive feature sometimes takes several barks to kick in -LRB- perhaps because of his rather thick hair -RRB- but if he persists in barking it startles him sufficiently that now when I put on the collar he knows not to bark . I have not had to go beyond level 2 on the variable power scale , which is good -- level 2 is plenty .
 My Lab pup was barking from 4:30 AM to 5:30 AM every day...non-stop . Got the collar and set it on the lowest setting ... the barking stopped . Now I sleep until 6:30 AM and then get up , take off the collar and give the dogs their outside time . It was well worth the money for the collar . A few weeks after I got the collar , Amazon emailed me an offer for cheap replacement batteries and I bought them . I have n't had to use the replacement batteries yet and it has been a month .
 After reading numerous reviews , I decided on this for our 10 month old Boxer . She was a habitual barker when the sun went down and was driving us crazy . This collar took all of 5 minutes to be worth the money spent on it . She has only barked a few times since we purchased this and the collar does the trick . A very small price for the amount of peace this has brought our lives.If I do have a con to this collar it would be the snap that is used . It is not the best design but it is not as bad as some of the other reviews have said.Great product .
 Works great for my teacup yorkie . I do n't even have to turn it on anymore : -RRB-
 I have nine cats and they are crazy about these kibbles ! The last thing you want is 20lbs of cat food the cats hate , but I 'll be buying them more of this ...
 I bought this on a whim because I was very unhappy with the water bottles that came with the Habitrail Ovo loft and homes that I had bought for my Dwarf Hamster , Pickles . If you have ever owned one of Habitrail 's pretty plastic cages , you know there is nowhere on the Ovo loft to easily attach a traditional water bottle if you do n't like the one that comes with it ! The way that the loft -LRB- and mazes -RRB- curve makes it very hard.So , I bought the Mini Mushroom Oasis . I ca n't say much about using it for mice like the reviewer below me , but for my dwarf hamster it has worked incredibly well.There is a little concave area under each little `` leaf '' for him to stick his head in and sip , and the water holes are a little over an inch and a half above the bedding -LRB- I use carefresh -RRB- so nothing has gotten in them so far . A dwarf hamster would have to be very purpose driven to stick anything in there!The Mini Mushroom does not leak and , as usual with Habitrail products , is very easy to clean . There is no need to worry about creating a vacuum like with other water bottles , and it matches the orange Ovo products to boot . I actually like it better than any other water bottle that I 've tried so far .
 it works great ... would have been nice to have a few instructions for putting it together !
 I ca n't believe how fast I received my products . I was shocked . The product was exactly how I expected it to be . Thanks Ozbo !!
 So my girlfriend got this plain dog crate for our Shih Tzu when she was still a puppy from Petfood Express . It served as a transport and safe zone for her whenever she was distressed or just needed to go hide . Whenever I 'm about to leave the house she would quickly run into this crate and sit there quietly waiting for me to take her along . I especially like how the cage door is completely removable so she has these options.So why 4 stars and not five ? Well . . just the other day as I was carrying her out in this crate to the car the handle broke and she went tumbling down my driveway inside the crate . It kind of funny because with all her hair she looks like a chubby pig who has a complex about her weight . Anyway , I 'm currently shopping for a replacement and stumbled upon this crate again . I 'm still going to check out reviews on the other crates but most of them have only a cage door that swings open or does not look like it can be removed easily .
 Good product.-easy to clean -LRB- since you can remove the top -RRB- - breaks down well -LRB- still takes up a lot of space if you live in an apartment -RRB- - latches work well-holds my 10lb cat very well -LRB- he actually likes hanging out in it if I leave the door open -RRB-
 I bought this carrier 3 years ago from a different site when i got my dachshund . It was perfect for housebreaking him . It was only $ 15.99 then but that site no longer carries it or any other cheap crates that I 've purchased from them in the past . So I looked on here for a replacement for my new dog after it got lost in a move . If you have a larger animal that does n't do well being confined then I would not recommend this carrier . My dogs pretty much go to sleep , not a lot of scratching or biting . If you have a stronger animal in there then eventually they might be able to turn the door 's plastic closer . For a docile animal though , it 's perfect.note
 LOVE this seller and their products !!! If you are in need of pet supplies contact these guys ! They 're great !
 I ordered the carrier to take my cat to the vet . Basically I had to strong arm the cat head first into the carrier , but after that Charlie found it to be his to his liking . The carrier was easy to use and the right size for a 15 pound tabby .
 Really good product for the price . Better than similar ones at WalMart , for instance . And , half the price . Light , and easy to use . Made in Italy . Nice to see something that was not made in China , for a change .
 this pet carrier works great for my 14 pound calico cat i took her for a drive so she would get use to it for the vet and she loves it . yes i would rocemmend this pet carrier to a friend
 I obviously knew I was n't getting a top of the line pet carrier , so this is a pretty nice one for my needs . The only issue is with the door falling off sometimes , but that 's just a matter of making sure it 's on tight . Overall , a nice product .
 Easy to assemble . Size is ideal for a small , not too heavy cat . Simple operation of the door . Appears sturdy and I 'm hoping long-lasting . I purchased 2 of them . They were a very good value for the price .
 I actually would have liked some instructions . After I figured it out , I realized that this crate was quite easy to use and clean .
 I like this Crate , it 's the perfect size for my little chihuahua , although he is n't a huge fan of it yet ... we just need to get him used to it . The shipping was fast it arrived right on schedule , the only problem is it did n't come with instructions for assembly ... assembly was n't too hard , but i was confused a bit . Overall it 's a good little crate for small pets .
 I bought 3 of these for the house and they worked great ! Only had to leave the house for about 3 hours and now fleas are gone .
 We have rental property that was abandoned and when we went in to inspect , OMG , the worst flea infestation I have ever seen . A relative bombed the house 2 times with another product with no success . I bought the Knockout from Amazon and there is not a living flea in this house . Do n't waste you money with anything else .
 This product works great along with proper Flea treatment for all your pets . Read the directions and put the correct amount of foggers in your house or apartment , and continue to protect your animals , The Fogger does not stop fleas from jumping on your pets outdoors , but kills any that come inside for a visit . If you love your Dogs , Cats , Rabbits ... . the treat the house . Vacuums and clean up afterwards
 This is a great product . My daughter brought her cat for us to babysit and she had fleas , but by the time I realized it our living room was infested . I tried over the counter products but within a couple of days the fleas were back . My retired vet told me about VIRBAC . We followed the directions and BINGO our problem was solved with no after smell . I plan to get more for the basement to get rid of all the creepy crawlers . GREAT PRODUCT
 we had never had fleas in all the years of owning pets , and randomly last year one of our cats started breaking out and losing hair ... Vet found a flea , all our pets are strictly in door pets . Knockout was recommended by our vet and with good reason , it was awsome . Our cat will forever have the flea allergy so we use this product a couple times a year to make sure we do n't get them again .
 I have been making purchases of Tetra Pond products now for over 5 years . This particular one has always been a great food source for our pond fish and they love it ! Food sticks are so easy to disburse across the water and our fish come up and eat it out of your hand .
 GREAT BUY !!!! I HAVE BEEN BUYING THIS AT MY LOCAL PET STORE AND FOUND THAT THE FISH WERE EATING ME OUT OF HOUSE AHD HOME . SINCE I NOW HAVE AT LEAST 100 FISH ON OUR OUTDOOR POND THEY WERE COSTING US TOO MUCH . THIS IS THE WAY TO GO FOR THOSE OF US WHO HAVE BIGGER PONDS . I 'LL BE A CUSTOMER FOR LIFE!JUDY CALDWELL
 While these pellets look and smell beige , my koi seem to view them as gourmet and gobble them up happily . The fish are healthy and the pond clear so I think that the advertising on this product page is accurate . The price is stellar although I see now that there is a shipping fee for the 6.61 pound bag . The good news is that there is no shipping charge for the 11 pound bag . Bon Appetit , Fishies.The packaging was simple and efficient and the product arrived as promised .
 My huge fish eat these pellets out of our hands . It is a good product at a great price . One of the things that makes Tetra food stand out is it does n't cloud the water and that is wonderful : -RRB-
 The fish seem to like it . I got some great pond advice when I called the company to ask questions . They were very helpful .
 I have about twenty goldfish and koi in a 900 gallon pond . This is one of the best prices around for a good product .
 Best pricing on the Net . Great product I feel my Koi this in my Ponds . I am very pleased with the product and serviceEverett Johnson , Bellevue , WA .
 This is a great buy on these pond sticks . My fish think act like they are candy and it 's so much fun to feed them . Buying them at the pet food store is so much more expensive . I 'm so happy that I can buy them at such a good price .
 A lot of high quality fish food for rather little money if compared to the prices at local stores for the identical food !
 Great price for the best fish pond food . Our fish run to us every day when they see us coming with their food ; they gobble it up andare growing rapidly .
 I usually order this product out of convenience because it saves me a trip to the store . It was recommended by our vet and our German Shepherd loves it .
 I have had many hamsters and gerbils , and this cage -LRB- as well as the identical Space Station , which is just different colored plastic -RRB- has been by far the best - easiest to clean , tough , and escape-proof . The addons are expensive but worth it for quality .
 My sister recently picked me up the Habitrail Safari home , on clearance at a local pet store for under $ 14 . She had really loved her Space Station one , so much so that she purchased a second in case she gets another hamster . I was a wee bit skeptical , since I prefer gerbils myself and Habitrail only showed mention of their products being designed for hamsters . -LRB- Gerbils are known for chewing through and escaping more , which I 've had happen . -RRB- However , this cage and the Outpost expansion have been working very well . The clear plastic end panels and litter guards are nice alterations from the traditional wired cages , giving them an aquarium 's benefits without trapping in all the odors as all glass and plastic will do.I only have two complaints about this product . The first one is sort of petty , but the product can be a bit of a hassle to put together and almost requires two sets of hands . The main issue I had was , was the wheel that came with it was shoddily made , consisting entirely of plastic with a small plastic pin to hold the axle to the wheel . I understand this makes it easy to clean , but it also made a lot of loud shaking noise , due to the pin not being as tight as it should . I was forced to simply switch back to my old wheel.Overall , I give this product a four . There are plenty of expansions including three different types of small nesting or bathroom areas , a maze , and all sorts of pipes.This definitely the best `` small critter '' cage I 've seen . It 's unfortunate that the line was discontinued . However , if you check various pet stores , you might find them marked down and most online shops have them priced down enough that with shipping , you only pay the original cost .
 Although Amazon lists this as an Alpo product , it is a Purina product as is obvious from the legendary trademark on the box depicted.My dog loves them and they seem to keep his teeth clean .
 I have a Border Collie , and no matter what type of treat I 've tried to give her -LRB- and to say I 've tried just about everything would be an understatement ! -RRB- , she goes nuts over these-darn near takes my hand off ! I tried another brand of chicken basted and she left them on the floor , would n't eat them . They are hard to find here , only a couple places have them occasionally , so I 'm turning to the web . She has never had a problem with choking on them , and has n't seemed to have any other problems because of them either -- I just ca n't say enough good stuff about them ! And if you 're a die hard pet lover , you KNOW how you love and how good it feels to give them happiness like that . I hope this has helped and/or been useful to someone .
 My Himalayan cat , Smokey , loves these treats and never gets tired of them . I use these as rewards for tricks . Smokey can sit , shake one `` hand '' , then the other one , wave , and give a kiss on command , as long as I have a treat for him . In fact , I just have to crinkle the bag and he comes running.Of course , it took patience , lots of treats , and a smart cat . At least , I think he 's smart ; he also walks on a leash ! He is pretty mellow.My Tabby cat is not as polite . If I leave the bag out , she rips it apart to get the treats .
 shipping was really good , and i got what i ordered on time . will buy from again , alittle pricy but my little dog likes them .
 In the past we have offered to our cat all the special diets for cats with failing kidneys . He would n't touch a single one . He is extremely thin and it is not worth `` starving '' him to try to force him to eat the repugnant prescription foods . With three other cats , short of separating them , it would be hard to do anyway.This food is NOT marketed for cats with CRF or CKF but from doing a lot of reading , it seems this one is lower in phosphorus than most commercial diets . -LRB- Info obtained from -LSB- ... -RSB- Our poor boy is old , a little cranky , and picky . Though he is not overtly suffering , he probably does n't feel as good as he used to and his appetite has lessened . I open up a few cans every day , trying to pique his interest in eating , til we hit on something . That 's why I darn-near cried when he immediately dug into this as soon as I set the plate down . I was afriad it was a fluke til I did it again , and he ate again . Wonderful.By all means check with your vet . Mine is a believer in keeping these kidney-cats eating , as many of them have thyroid issues too -LRB- as does mine -RRB- which make them skinny.I 'm not a vet , and nor am I a cat . I do n't like the smell or consistency of this food ... but the little guy who needs to eat it does , thank heavens .
 I and my cat love Feline Pine , and ca n't purchase it here in town . However , the shipping costs make me hesitant to reorder . When shipping costs are twice the price of the product , it does n't make much sense .
 It is flushable and does n't create dust like the clay litters do . The cat likes it , and does n't track it out of the box . We 're sold .
 Meow ... Meow ... Ever since I was a baby kitten , rescued from a busy street and parking lot , my lady owner has been squawking about my litter smell . The nice guy who rescued me , smelled the litter box but did n't want to complain ... cause he just loves me . We are cool , we 're real buddies . But oh , that lady in the house , she tried everything to get me to stop stinkin ' . I begged the nice guy to clean it up so mean lady wo n't get rid of me ! Every day he cleaned my box , but it still did n't work . And sometimes he did n't remember too good and ohhhh the smell was baddddd . Even for me . And each week they hauled in different kinds of litter for me ... still no good ! She hated the smell and swore to the man that I would have to go outside exclusively ! Ow ... Meow ! I could just hear her nagging voice
 Great Price ! Great Product . The fish love it and it really seems to enhance color.We will definitely buy it again .
 This product was economical and was cheaper than elsewhere . I will continue to buy and recommend it to others . The fish prefers this food compared to others that I have previously purchased .
 This is a great sized bag of koi food for a delightful price . The koi look absolutely gorgeous . Their colors are great and I am very pleased with the resealable bag .
 This is a great product and is less expensive than from my local stores . My koi thrive on it . The product arrived undamaged and arrived earlier than the scheduled date . I will be re-ording this product from this vendor .
 its great for fish keeps them healthy and color bright and they love it does cloud water great for bulking up fish -LSB- ... -RSB-
 Having a pond and koi , this size of bag is a great size to last most of the summer . The Koi love the food and I have been feeding them this kind ever since 2001 .
 Received product quickly and what a buy ! I am saving so much money by buying this in the bulk size for my koi and fancy goldfish . They love this product . My fish actually make sucking noises when they eat this food . Their colors have improved in a very short period of time . Highly recommend both product and seller .
 my fish love it great for spring summer and fall food and amazon gets it to you quick and pretty good deal also thank you
 This is a good quality food that I have used now for years . Although this food contains corn -LRB- corn flour is the first ingredient - the better pond foods are more protein based using fish meal or similiar protein based product as the first ingredient -RRB- , it is readily eaten by all of my goldfish and koi . What I specially like is that it floats and gets quite soft , soft enough that I have watched immature young goldfish suck in a whole pellet - so I do n't have to worry that only the larger fish can eat this . This food is more of a warm weather summer food , especially since it is corn based - so during the cooler months one should feed their fish the spring/fall variety - which is wheat based and is more easily digestible . For all of my pets -LRB- fish , bird , dogs , cat -RRB- I use a ' 3 food rule ' - feeding them on a daily basis 3 different foods to help ensure variety and guard against any vitamin deficiencies . In the title I do have a warning about feeding this food to white fish , including platinums and multi-colored with white . The reason for that is if you feed this food to them , they will over time develop a yellowish cast . They will no longer be a crisp bright white although they will most likely revert back in a couple months to brighter white once you stop feeding this food . This is due to the type of yellow/red color enhancement that this food contains . There are other color enhancing foods you can feed you fish if you want to avoid the yellowing , and generally those foods will indicate this in their descriptions , such as Saki-Hikari Professional Color Enhancing Koi Diet . I am very pleased with this food , my fish eagerly consume it , and the ingredients are of a good enough quality as long as I supplement with a better quality protein fish food . I can highly recommend this product.More technical information
 I have about 40 koi in a good size pond and the fish eat twice a day . This is a good size products or my hungry guys and gals.The fish love it!The only reason it gets 4 out of 5 is it still is n't much of a bargain considering the quantity being purchased .
 My Feeded Goldfish Look Like Koi . :-RRB- They really love this food and their color and size has really improved .
 This is 8 pounds of medium size Koi food . This feeds my koi and goldfish which range from 3 in to 16 in . I found this price to be less than at my local pet food store .
 My goldfish - some almost as large as a Koi - have enjoyed the Tetra Pond sticks for years . They live in an outdoor pond & are now in their winter hibernation time .
 Best buy for fish food . The Koi are getting huge . The aquatic turtles like it , too . So do the goldfish .
 Already was using this product but had never realized it was offered in such a large amount . Ordered the product and was a great value ! My fish love is as usual and now this large bag will last me a few months . Love the convenience and the zip closure of this product .
 The fish love it ! I noticed seen I have been feeding them the food , the fish colors seen more intense .
 This works great . We used it on a urine stain on a mattress and it removed the smell and stain perfectly . The spray does have a strong smell at first , while it is working . However , if you use a directed , the smell disapates when it dries.This is the only product I have found so far that lived up to its promises . Later , when I went back to check the area , no urine oder or stain remained at all and the product perfume odor was gone as well . We will absolutely keep this on hand .
 I am not a fan of working on carpet stains , no matter what the product is , but I do like this product when I have to ... I have cats . Sometimes they get angry . Or just want to send me a message ... or my hubby ... and this stuff definitely helps ! I love the light fragrance as well .
 This product I have been using for the last year . It is better than any other product I have used . I could not find it in any store . I was amazed to find iton Amazon . I will continue to use Amazon to find anything else I need.Thanks AmazonVera
 Regular soap and water wo n't work . And they have to use special cat urine product on the area sprayed . If they use regular cleansers , the cat can still smell where it 's marking and will just continue there . We had good success with Get Serious Odor remover combined with Fresh and Clean.The Fresh and Clean site talks about how it removes the odors and stains permanently due to the oxygenation technology and the Arm & Hammer deodorizers . Many of the other products on the market just mask the odors for awhile and then the odor comes back . Oxy-Strength removes them permanently . While many of you reading may want something more natural , the stuff works and if it means your animal stays with you and does n't go to a shelter , it may be worth it to you.You will have to put some effort into this challenge , as something is amiss for the cat and it wo n't go away until the problem the cat is having is dealt with , and that is up to the owner to do . Read my reviews to see what else worked for us . If worse comes to worse , I have read the vet can give them medication for spraying instead of giving the cat away .
 We have tried them all , and this is by far the best . Yes , it does have a slight odor coming out of the bottle , but once its applied all is great . Try it !
 There are a number of similar products on the market , and I 've had varied results with them . In pet stores , the ubiquitous choice is Nature 's Miracle Stain & Odor Remover for Pets . It 's guaranteed to work or your money back . My multiple experiences with it made me wish I took them up on their offer . The company makes an effective laundry booster , but their stain and odor eliminator never quite did the job . Plus , odors came back over the following days.A better product I found wasOUT ! Pet Stain and Odor Remover , 32 Ounce . I 'm mentioning it primarily to give an idea of how it compares to the others . It does a credible job , and I found it much more effective than Nature 's Miracle . It did not get rid of odors completely , but with multiple applications , it did a workable job . Odors did come back over the following days , requiring additional applications.The Lambert Kay works best among these brands . It does a very good job up front . While it might not eliminate every odor on the first application , it 's the most likely choice to do so . Unlike the others , over the next few days the odor control will actually improve . Faint remnants of odors after an initial application might not be there two days later , while the opposite is true with competing products.I consider this product the hands down winner . But the Out ! brand works well enough that it might be the best product at your local pet store . I 've had a harder time finding the Lambert Kay locally -LRB- which could be an issue since pets do n't give advance notice -RRB- but it 's easy to find on Amazon .
 We have 3 cats who stay indoors . They all get hairballs . When they come up , so does anything else in their gastric tracts - food , stomach acid , etc. . For some reason they will always leave any durable surface and head straight for any piece of carpeting they can find to hurl ! By following the directions carefully , this has become a product that takes the panic out of the process for me . It 's the best I have found . I get it in the larger size .
 I tried this product at the suggestion of our new puppy 's obedience class teacher . I assumed it would be yet another odor - and stain-removal product that `` sort of '' worked . I was wrong . It is , hands down , the best product I 've tried in 23 years of owning dogs and cats and dealing with their various accidents . I am especially sensitive to lingering urine odor but Fresh & Clean truly and completely gets rid of the smell . GREAT product .
 Works great removing stains from carpet . Agree with past review that the smell is overwhelming when applied . Odor seems to dissipate once it dries . The company should consider making an unscented version .
 I never write reviews , but felt this one deserved it . Like many of the other reviewers , I have tried several different carpet cleaning sprays for pet mistakes . The only one that really works and gets the entire stain out is Fresh 'n Clean . It works on all kinds of stains , including dirt/mud spots , red wine , pee , throw-up , everything . I will usually clean up the mess , then spray the cleaner on it and leave it . The stain will disappear on its own . If there is some residual stain , I repeat it a second time which does the trick . I do n't usually blot the liquid up . I leave it to dry up and that 's it . I like the clean scent and how easy this product is to use . I highly recommend it .
 I love this ! It 's the only thing I use.This does n't just cover up the smell , but netrualizes it and also helps with any stains.I also use it on laundry stains .
 The cleaning product works very well . It 's the design of the packaging that makes it really convenient for me . Just carry , point and shoot .
 I add this to the wash for dog blankets , towels , and bedding . It takes the urine smell out , and leaves a pleasant smell behind .
 This product had been available locally but not able to find . I was thrilled when I located it here and ordered it . Great product
 This product is so fantastic . Forget about Natures Miracle . I tried everything to get a cats urine smell at the top of 100 year old staircase . This was my last try . The smell is strong but it saved my antique wood . I took this product to a shelter and cleaned the entire cat room filled with sick cats . They were amazed at how well I was able to remove the odor . I also use it infront of my building by the tree to prevent dogs from reclaiming that spot . If they smell is too strong for you , just go over it with your own detergent once you are done with fresh n clean . Very few stores sell this product so it is a challenge to find but I plan on stocking up .
 We have 4 cats and 4 dogs who , sometimes make `` mistakes . '' And of all the pet stain and odor removers we 've used over the years , this one is the best . Works every time . Leaves the carpets fresh and clean . And dogs , cats and owners happy .
 Fresh N Clean Pet Stain and Odor Remover is AMAZING !! It is the best stain remover for pet stains and many other type of stains I have used . Just spray it , pat it and in most cases the spot will magically disappear . For extra tough spots , I useit for a pre-treatment before shampooing .
 I have 2 basset hounds who have occasional accidents . This is the best odor and stain remover I have found . if you blot up the stain and then spray Fresh and Clean on , let ist a few hours , and blot again the stain actually comes out ! I have tried other brands with little success . Unfortunately , this product is hard to find in stores and I am ordering strictly from Amazon now .
 This stuff is wonderful . It is the best carpet cleaner I 've ever used . I leave it to soak an hour or so , then add water and scrub . It 's brilliant for cat vomit .
 I 've used this on several occasions on both carpet and furniture , to remove pet vomit -LRB- cat -RRB- and feces/urine -LRB- dog -RRB- . It worked 100 % on both teh smell and stain , especially with a repeat application for the worst offender . Smell is clean and very strong but fades after a day or two into a pleasant fresh smell .
 This stuff is superb . Works on everything , takes out the stain , eliminates the stuff before it stains , no smell left from poop pee , anything else the dog wants to leave out . Stuff really works as claimed .
 This stuff really really really works . Amazing . Even little dogs leave presents here and there . This stuff cleans it all , gets out the stink , stain s , great stuff .
 This product does a great job of getting the dog urine color and smell out of the carpet . I have tried other products that did one or the other function but not both .
 I agree with all the previous reviews . I discovered this product a few months ago . With 5 cats and a dog in the house , I 've had some pretty unpleasant stains and odors on occasion . Saturating the affected area with this product removes the stain and odor -LRB- including cat urine -RRB- with absolutely no scrubbing whatsoever , it 's fantastic . I 've tried lots of products over the years , and this one far surpasses all of them .
 This is the best carpet cleaning product I and my friends have ever encountered . It 's excellent for cat vomit in particular , but works on cola and other bad stains too .
 All I can say is this stuff really does work . If you spray it once and it dose n't come out , spray it again and it will . I have used this on Red Clay , mud , Dog Puke , Cat Puke , pee spots , grass , it even gets stuff out of clothes . everything comes out . I usually just spray it on and leave it , if in a high traffic area I will cover it with a towel . Bottom line it 's GOOD STUFF !
 This is the best product I have ever used . I highly recommend it to anyone who has pets of any type . It works very fast and effectively .
 I have used this product before , and it is wonderful . The price I got for it was really good , the service too .
 First purchased this at PetSmart years ago and fell in love with this product . It actually does what it says it can do !! PetSmart no longer carries this so I went searching online . Low and behold my other favorite purchase spot has it `` Amazon '' . I will continue to purchase this product through Amazon . It is a marvelous product that actually does what it says . I use this as a spot cleaner and I also add in my carpet cleaner for when I clean my carpets.Wonderful , do n't hesitate making this purchase .
 This product is one of the few on the market that does what it says it does . In a household with 3 cats and 1 dog -LRB- and a light beige carpet -RRB- there are sometimes monthly occurrences of things that cause panic . In 6 years I 've had my carpet professionally cleaned once . Everything else has been taken care of with this product . Friends came over for dinner last night and commented on the how nice the carpet looked . Great value for the price and really delivers.Do yourself a favor . Get the Bissell Little Green Machine with it and your carpet will look amazing .
 This product is incredibly effective for pet oopsies . It was applied several times to a 2 year old cat urine stain in carpet and completely removed both the stain and the odor . Nothing else I tried worked on this . I 'm impressed and will be buying more to put in a steam cleaner to revitalize the carpeting .
 We have pets that sometimes get frightened when left alone . This stuff not only gets the smell out , but it gets the discoloration out too . It works on vomit , food , pee , poop , everything ! We use it on almost any stain - whether it was from a pet , child , or whatever . We love the stuff . We have tried many different brands and product types . This is by far the best . The smell is strong , but we are so happy with its effectiveness that it is a small , and very temporary , price to pay .
 I have done a lot of animal rescue work in my life and presently do have a multi-cat household . I have tried many products but this is the only one that really works . It works on wood floors , vinyl , and on walls . It will not stop a cat from spraying because he will do that if he wants to , but it really does eliminate the odor . This is truly the best product you can buy to have your house smell clean .
 This stuff takes away stains and leaves a clean smell behind . I like this product far more than any other product I 've tried .
 After years of having pets , we finally found a cleaning/deoderizing product that really works ! On a trip to visit our kids in Colorado , my son put me onto this . He said that they were out of another brand at PetSmart , so he tried this instead . And what a find . This is the only product we 've found that not only removes stains on carpets totally , but also removes ordors instantly . Try it , you wo n't be disappointed . Best product out there that we 've found .
 This product helped our breeder birds produce more fertile eggs along with a slightly harder shell . I would recommend this for any breeder of birds .
 EACH 1.69 OZ BOTTLE -LRB- 50ML -RRB- TREATS 100 GALLONS . DIRECTIONS ARE
 Bought for my ten gallon aquarium and it works great and keeps my aquarium nice and clean so it does its job nicely . It was also at great price compared to pet stores so that was a plus .
 My fish are alive so it works . It is a couple products combined into one . It is also a good price and lasts awhile .
 I picked up a bag of these treats at our neighborhood market . My cats think this is the best stuff on earth . My little darlings have not enjoyed anything as much as they appear to love these . The only problem with these treats is that the cats love them so much they sometimes get in little squabbles as each one tries to reach my hand before anyone else can get to the treat.If you want to feed you felines an organic diet , and you want them to eat what you give them this is a great product . My husband continues to threaten to try one since they are all organic , and a nice mix of food that people would eat.I highly recommend this for anyone with pampered felines . Mine give these three paws up .
 My cats can not get enough of these treats . They 're definitely on the expensive side , but I splurge on them occasionally because the cats enjoy them so much .
 My cat LOVES these treats ! There are some treats he wo n't eat , but these he really loves and will come running for them !
 Last year , my cats and I relocated to Germany . And while my four-pawed trio has generally taken the move in stride and quickly adapted to their new home in a manner that has filled me with new love and admiration for them , there is one item now sorely lacking in their lives
 I use these to treat my cats whenever I have to take the dogs outside for a walk . When we get inside , everyone gets a treat and I use these and other flavors by Pounce to give the cats a little something to nibble upon . They have never refused them , they do n't get bored with them and they yowl at me if I 'm slow in delivering them .
 I could not find these treats in the stores anymore so was thankful to find them on Amazon . My cat Puff loves them .
 My cat loves these treats . If ever I ca n't find her in the house , I just pop the top and she bolts out of wherever she was hiding to come get a treat . She does n't like crunchy treats much , so these are perfect for her . I 've given her all three flavors and she seems to like them all equally . They do tend to dry out by the time I near the end of the bottle , however . The flip-top lid is very handy . Very nice , inexpensive kitty treats . I have yet to meet a cat that does n't just love these !
 I bought this cat post for my brand new Siamese kitten . I read a few reviews on-line which seemed a bit negative as this item did not have the rope attached to the post itself . I have to say that the kitten absolutely loves this cat post . I also have a carpeted beige cat condo , and the material is quite similar . I suggest this item which is very well made . Now , I also had to crazy glue the plastic beam that holds the toys into the post itself . Otherwise , it 's fantastic so far .
 I had one of these for my mini dachshund which was lost -LRB- along with my luggage -RRB- when we went on a trip . It was one if his favorite toys as it was small , had a nice - not too loud - squeak and was plush . He was very excited when I ordered him a new one - his little pink flamingo is very well loved !
 Great while my shelties were still small . By the time they reach 8 months , a good game of tug will tear a leg off . But a real favorite while they were young . easy to wash .
 Our local feed shop was unable to get these bagels for a few weeks . Our dog is so thoroughly addicted to them that he was very disappointed by the lack of his morning treat . We ordered up a couple of bags and they came from the seller relatively quickly considering there was a holiday weekend involved . Now our dog has plenty of treats and he 's happy . If you have n't tried these garlic bagel treats you and your dog do n't know what you 're missing . For dental health , we have never seen a treat that helped with plaque and tarter . If our dog goes a week without these bagels we can see the buildup on his teeth . With regular use , his teeth are as white as can be and utterly free of any tarter or plaque buildup . For your dog 's dental health and enjoyment give Solid Gold Garlic Doggie Bagels a try .
 I have the litter-robot automatic cat box , but I still need high quality litter because it does stink if you do n't empty the tray everyday . Or if you do n't spin it right after he gets out.I have tried the cornbased one , and they just do n't work good for this . However having tried this , I love it . And I think its possibly one of the best out there . I certainly will not be switching brands anytime soon .
 My dog is crazy about this frisbee ... Of course , that 's not saying much since my dog loves ANY frisbee . But what 's so great about this one is that if she does n't catch it , she can pick it up no matter how or where it lands . The bone handle allows her to pick the frisbee up every time , whereas other frisbees are practically unfetchable unless they land upside-down ... The only drawback is that my dog wants desperately to eat the handle . So we have to buy a new frisbee every so often since she chews the bone right off ! Still , it 's a pretty durable frisbee so it still lasts her 6-8 months . A great buy !
 I have a German Shepherd and a Weimeraner who love this frisbee . They 've been playing with them for over a year now and they are still in great shape . They fly really far and stand up to my Shepherd bending it in half . The bone on the top of the frisbee makes it really easy for them to pick it up . I wish they had one that floats to take to the beach .
 At last ! A toy my dog ca n't destroy when playing catch ! It 's a bit wobbly with the bone on top . However , for the dog , it helps them to bring it back . The benefit it the fact it is durable and will out last a traditional frisbee .
 I have had three of these for my border collie . One got lost , One got ran over by the lawnmower . The other lasted 6 years , and is just now in need of replacing . My dog 's favorite Frisbee since he can pick it up easily with the bone handle on top . Other Frisbees have only lasted one to three days or are hard for him dog to pick up if they land on the driveway . And they fly fairly well too . Recommended .
 It is for my lab to pick up and loves to play fetch with this frisbee . It is by far her favorite toy and that was shocking to me since this is her first frisbee .
 My English Bulldog loveeees this Frisbee , I got it two years ago and hes still playing with it but now its time for a new one ! I looked for it everywhere and amazon is the only place i finally found it . Because of the bone he can pick it up with his flat face with a regular Frisbee he gets really frustrated ... hes gon na be so happy on Christmas to get a new replacement !
 we 've purchased dozens of these over the years . they are very durable . our dog loves frisbee and of course , chews on it . even bit up , this thing flies great . we bought others so we can switch up colors and give him an indoor and outdoor frisbee . recommend !! note , they make different sizes so check it before you buy it .
 My dogs love the Nylabone flexible frisbee with bone on top for easy pick up . Been buying them for years . Finally ripped their old one up -LRB- took 2 years -RRB- . I looked everywhere for a new one , all my local pet supply stores , could not find it !!! Bought an imposter ... nope . Would n't play with it . Finally found one here . Thank you !!!
 these are great frisbees - we have a large dog -LRB- Kuvasz -RRB- which do n't normally do alot of Frisbee stuff but of all the ones we have tried this works well because we can throw it slow enough for her to make a full speed run and run it down . The bone of the top works great and prevents frustration she had with others that she could not pick up easily ... and that has prevented frustration turning to digging . Just be smart and do n't let the dog take it off and chew that ... this is not what we use for a chew toy - we do Frisbee fetch with it.Try the glow in the dark too
 . . stands up to abuse and easy for dogs to p/up on the ground , flies straight even in high winds . this product is also durable and will stand up to moderate chewing
 After going through a dozen frisbees plus , and when I would shop I would buy alot if them because he would go right through them and also tried the kong , which is too heavy and does not fly well at all , I read others reviews and decided to get one . Well , he loves it , it flys good and he cant bite right through it like the others , as a matter of fact we just ordered another color to keep in the car for the park . Wish they sold these in the stores !!
 I first started getting this at our local Petsmart store but for some reason they no longer carry it . They started carrying a blue transparent line of chew toys including a frisbee style disc . I tried that but it only lasted a few days as it got chewed up in no time . My previous Nylabone Frisbee lasted 2 or 3 years . My large labradore was very sad when his favorite toy was missing . I finally found them here at Amazon and he is a happy camper now . My younger Dachsund then chewed the bone part off the toy after a few weeks but hopefully will leave it alone now . The lab is a heavy chewer but never chewed up the disc . He likes to fold it in half like a taco in his mouth . He wo n't leave you alone when you go in the back yard for he will drop it in your lap to throw it for him . We have to put it up in a tree sometimes just to be left alone . I 'm ordering 2 this time so I have a back up since he does n't know what to do with himself without the Nylabone Frisbee .
 My dog uses the bone on top to pick up the frisbee . He is a very tough chewer though and easily destroys them . Make sure you always supervise your dog when he is playing with this .
 My black lab just loves these disks . After a little practice , they really fly . The `` bone '' is an adequate area for her to grab and to chew on when she is playing in the house . A great , relatively durable toy .
 My dog loves playing catch , but I ca n't with a bad shoulder so I bought this frisbee and he loves it and I can throw it for hours for him .
 My dog goes crazy when she sees this frisbee . She loves it and it helps get rid of that puppy energy so I love it too .
 We 've tried many different types of frisbees for our dogs and the Nylabone frisbee is by far the best we 've found . Unlike most frisbees it stands up well to repeated use and is tough for the dogs to mangle too bad . We have n't been able to find these in stores recently so we were very happy to find them at Amazon .
 This is wonderful , it is ultra tough but not hard plastic that can cut dogs gums . The best part is that my dog can pick it up from any surface by the bone on top .
 My dog Samantha is a Frisbee playing maniac !! I have bought her this product for years at our local PetSmart but they have decided to discontinue it . I was so happy to find it on Amazon that I stocked up and purchased 2 . It is the only Frisbee that lasts because of the durable Nylabone material and is easy for her to pick up and return . Regular Frisbee 's or discs only last a few day and get stuck in her teeth . The price was also less than PetSmart 's . I am so happy with this product and so is Sami !!
 I stared looking for dog frisbees after the German Shepherd had destroyed her 12th normal petco frisbee . These types of items cost about $ 20 a pop at Petco so I turned to Amazon . I bought this item along with the Chukit Amphibious Ring and Petstages Orka Flyer in a hope that the dog would like them -LRB- she tends to hate rubbery toys like kongs -RRB- and that they would actually fly like normal frisbees . After about a week . This is the best one hands down . The Orka one never flew well and is already showing significant signs of wear . The Chukit one is well built but just does n't fly as well and is easily affected by the wind . Get this one . I 'm going to buy 3 more of them .
 The Nylabone is simply the best frisbee for the real superfly frisbee dog . Want the short game ? Go somewhere else . Want the best flying , longest-distance yet safe frisbee for your dog , go Nylabone all the way . Plastic frisbees make my dog 's gums and tongue bleed . Fabric frisbees are a novelty for backyard playing . The Nylabone is the real deal . Your dog will thank you . I 've got at least 10 of these -LRB- 2 in each car , etc. -RRB- , and me and Daisy have logged over 100,000 throws and fetches with Nylabone .
 My German Shepard is ADDICTED ! to this frisbee . It flies great , it 's soft enough for his mouth , yet it 's durable . Most importantly - he can pick it up . Ca n't wait for this to ship , the new ORKA flyer I just got will be going in the trash .
 My dogs love this -LRB- bone -RRB- frisbee because they can grab and pick it up with ease ! I had a Schnauzer who used the middle size and now my boxer uses the large . The bright colors -LRB- red or white -RRB- are best since they show up well in the grass . It looks like Amazon only offers the green so I had to hunt it down in a local store ; hard to find . Once you try it , you wo n't go back !
 My dog gets so excited just seeing this frisbee in the wrapper . I 've tried all kinds of other frisbees and throw toys but this is his favorite . He loves grabbing it by the bone on top ... unfortuantely he loves chewing that bone off after time . When the bone is finally chewed off it leaves ragged sharp plastic edges which sometimes pierce his gums ... time to buy a new one ... or two ... if they could reinforce that bone better I would have given this 5 stars .
 Great productGreat priceGreat deliveryTHE ONLY PROBLEM WAS THE ASSORTED COLORS WERE GREEN , GREEN AND GREEN
 Our dogs love it , and it is far more durable than the regular discs . Bit heavy so not ideal for smaller dogs -LRB- ours
 Ive used these for years. , Nylabone makes a great product , soft for the pooches mouth and very durable . Regular frisbees die in minutes , these last weeks or months . Try one and see .
 I purchased both the large and extra large pads for 2 of my dogs ' kennels and they fit each kennel perfectly . My dogs tend to eat blankets and the doggie bed pillows but have not touched these in the couple of weeks they 've had them in their kennels . Keeps the inside of the kennel warmer also , they tend to lay in their kennel now rather than on the carpet/flooring . I have n't tried to wash them yet but at some point I plan to stick them in the washer to clean them .
 This is sooooo much better than a dog bed . Both of my dogs sleep in a kennel when I am not home and at night . Every bed we bought smells bad after a couple of months and they do not seem to hold up . These are tough and can be washed . They do not slide all over the kennel . Very happy with these .
 Our two labs love Cinna-bone Biscuits . I refuse to purchase dog food products that contain wheat so this Solid Gold products meets my test of a more natural product . You can actually smell the cinnamon in these dog treats .
 We have tried many different holistic dog treat/food brands , and Solid Gold is one of the very few that causes no further issues with allergies . Many &#34; treats &#34; out there are easy to get your pet to enjoy -LRB- the taste or just idea of having a &#34; cookie &#34; -RRB- , but later may cause more issues with tummy upsets , itching , scratching , etc. . . We love how Solid Gold uses no gluten , no wheat , no soy , no peanuts and no corn . These treats smell so yummy , and the huskies tell me they are ! = -RRB- These are great treats , whether you feed holistic kibble , canned , dehydrated , raw and/or home prepared dog food . We do the 70-80 % whole foods -LRB- home prepared/cooked -RRB- with 20-30 % holistic dog food/treats -LRB- dehydrated . canned , kibble , treats ... as snacks , add ins and/or for travel -RRB- . I definitely recommend these .
 Well , I made the mistake of teaching my schnauzer to bark for his dinner . -LRB- They bark a lot anyway ! -RRB- And now he goes to the kitchen and waits in front of his food station and barks for this treat ! He gets so excited when I reach for it that he has trouble performing whatever trick I request
 The doggies loved these biscuits , however , it did give them a little bowel trouble for several days in a week .
 Gave one to my Lab -LRB- Bella -RRB- She Loved It !! I had to Hide th Bag , she keep pointing to it for More !!
 We use this at our wildlife hospital for extra vitamins for the avian patients we get in . Good product ; nothing bad to say !
 Nekton is a great product ! I have tried other types of bird vitamins , liquid which is added to the water , when my pet store stopped carrying Nekton , but they all spoiled way too fast and destroyed the birds drinking water . I mix Nekton fresh daily , the birds love it . Be careful not to allow any moisture into the jar or it will ruin the vitamins .
 Our Maccaw 's tail was looking very messy and no matter how much she tried it was still funky so I bought these vitamins and within a week her tail was looking great and she was n't molting nearly as much . I highly recommend this vitamin .
 I used this supplement on my 150lb Rottie -LRB- RIP Jack -RRB- . He had both ACLs repaired , one meniuscus removed , and he ruptured his achilles tendon . He had been on Rimadyl , Deramaxx , narcotics , we went through acupuncture and chiropractic and then I found this supplement.All of the sudden he was my normal boy again . It took maybe a week to 10 days to notice the difference , but he was RUNNING again chasing my other dog . He was not crying when he was sitting or standing up . Gods , I miss him ; he was my heart . However , the Boxer/Pit mix -LRB- which was his life buddy -RRB- is now developing hip soreness and I am going to put both her and my greyhound on this supplement.The drugs are so hard on their systems . They are tough on their liver , if you use prednisone , then they eat and drink more -LRB- thus piddle A LOT more -RRB- , and the word is still out on the Cox-2 inhibitors -LRB- Deramaxx -RRB- . I wont use drugs if I can help it , especially on my seniors . My Jack died because I vaccinated him at 9 years old and I will never do that again . At least before he got ill , he was active and playful and I will carry those memories forever .
 This was recommended by a friend and trainer as she had used it for her dog . I started giving it to my 9 year old Toy Poodle and she bounces around like a pup again .
 **** Update *** - Whole Healthy Pet went out of their way to remedy the miss information on the item listing . They sent me an extra bottle at no charge and worked with the manufactures rep to get new artwork to update the photo to represent the item correctly . I will definitely buy from them again . **** Orignal Posting I could only give 1 Star.The description lacks detail for the item . However I made an assumption the picture would speak a 1000 words and it did not . The image for the item depicts a 150 count bottle , but when I received them it was only a 50 count bottle . I bought two 50ct bottles @ $ 28ea and it turns out I could buy a 150ct bottle for roughly the same price . Detailed product descriptions should be a requirement when buying supplements . I feel a little cheated .
 My 7 year old german shepherd mix has had this toy for 6 and 1/2 years now , he takes it to bed every night and is madly in love with it . Its the only toy that he has had for more then 2 months ever . It looks very worn out , but it keeps up with him . When he wants to play -LRB- Fishy as we call it in this house -RRB- is the one we turn to . I just adapted a 5 month old Lab mix puppy and she already has her own fishy -LRB- but would much rather play with her brothers -RRB- This toy is a MUST have !
 Our yellow lab `` Buddy '' joined our lives 15 months ago as an eight week old pup . Yes , we know what labs are like , and at our age what where we thinking ? We were thinking we thought we were done with only a old girl cat & and a loud parrot left . We had gone through a rough couple of years , with loosing two of our cats and three of our dogs . Old age catches up to animals to.But , when we saw our buddy with the Ruffians orange fish dog toy hanging from his mouth as he came running up to us . Well , it was over for both my husband and I. Memories of ole ' Sam our chocolate lab and all the crazy things he did in the six short years just went out of our minds.We took him home with toy in mouth and thought how cute he was as he squeaked his loved toy . I will not exaggerate when I say this dog can CHEW !! He has been using the black hardest kong on the market by three months . But his loving orange fish carry not a missing anything , and that cute squeaky noise has stayed right along with it . If any negative thing were to be said , is do n't be on the receiving end of my phone call if Buddy and Mr. Fish were playing . The squeak sound for some reason is only bad then . There has n't been a dog toy stated `` for tough chewers '' that Buddy has had me return in pieces to pet stores as they state that `` no way can he destroy this toy '' . The looks are all but funny when I come in & say `` well this one made it 10 min . '' . I have looked for a Mr. Orange fish @ every pet store and they have all but the fish . I now have to admit that I was the one that desqueked his toy by accident -LRB- I promise -RRB- . It got caught in the vacuum & well he is now squeak less an Buddy thinks I am crazy when I tell him go get you squeaker toy . So , Santa will be filling up his stocking with a couple of orange squeakier fish just in case one gets attacked by the vacuum that does n't loose suction , as I will always have one around for our Buddy ! Best toy around !
 Our dog LOVES this toy ! We gave it to him last night and he ran around the house for hours squeaking it and having so much fun ! He is the type of dog who shreds any toy we give him , so we are n't sure how long it will last him . But , it lasted through an entire evening so far , and other jw toys have lasted up to 3 months . So , we are hoping this one will too !
 My dog was immediately obsessed with it . Has n't let go of it since it came out of the box ! If your dog is a squeaker fanatic he will love it too . However , note that is quite loud . Also , it came in blue instead of orange but who really cares ? Not my Roger dog ! ; D
 I was soooo glad i found these toys . they have the squeek and bounce my dog loves with the durability i need . Now i dont have to by him a toy every week and no worries on my dog choking on the lil squeeker piece thats inside because HE CANT GET TO IT !! Still going strong after a few months ! LOOOVE IT !
 I have a 5 year old pit mix and this is one of her very favorite toys . Her first fish lastest about two years -LRB- which is close to a record -RRB- and she has now moved on to her second fish . It 's a fairly thick rubber but not so thick that it is n't fun . Worth every penny .
 I was bummed that it would n't come in time for Christmas , but it was there on the doorstep Christmas Eve !! My dog could smell his favorite toy through the wrapped box !
 My dog loves these rubber toys from JW -- they 're always his favorites . This is a very durable toy and has a more muted squeaker which is great for us because he squeaks for him but is n't as loud as the Cuz balls which squeak VERY loudly at first .
 We ordered this toy as we have 2 more toys from this company , the only once our German Shorthaired Pointer has not destroyed yet and seems interested playing with . the males of this breed love to chew as by the breeder and although he gets plenty of rawhides etc. his christmas mammoth tire toy lasted a week , his dog beds do n't make it 30minutes so we ended up putting a 1 &#34; horse stable mat in his kennel for comfort . but this toy is fantastic it bounces , rolls , can be fetched , can tug and squeaks ... great for entertainment by himself or with a person . to those whose dogs destroyed them quickly , our personal experience and the tags say never to leave your pet play unattended . re-direct to something that 's okay to chew as they start so they can learn the difference . ours now choses rawhides to chew over toys .
 Good fun dog toy , bounces in different directions , and due to variation in size at either end dog easily catches and carries this
 Both dogs love the fish . They can carry it around in their mouth . Although the one doge chewed the fins off first thing .
 We bought the fish when we could n't find the chicken in stores . My Boxer is nuts over it ! She is an older dog and to see her get up and grab it and then romp around with it and toss it around is so wonderful . She still believes it is her chicken but she prefers this shape and has chewed it so much over the past 4 years that there is no longer any sound . It is such a great buy !
 I have a Doberman , and these are the only toys that last . If you have a dog that destroys toys in minutes , this is your brand of toys .
 My Doberman pincher loves this toy . I buy him a lot of the latex toys because they seem to be the only toys that will stand up to his aggressive chewing . This item came quickly and I would order from this seller again
 All the JW soft rubber toys hold up really well . I have just about all of them and my dogs love them . 45lb Springer Spaniels . I had a St Bernard that even he could not destroy them . All my dogs seems to like the football the best .
 My hound eats most chew toys the first day . This one lasts about 2 weeks before its destroyed . You have to watch that he eventually does n't eat the squeaker inside the toy . This is not a good toy to leave with your dog if he 's home alone 8 hr 's a day . Although the odd shape makes it harder to chew than most . The squeak is quite loud . If your dog really likes this like mine does you best be prepared to listen to alot of squeaking .
 This is our greyhound 's favorite toy . The squeaker lasts longer with this toy than any other . When I come home , our dog brings me his toy and shows off how much fun he has playing with it . The unpredictable bounce delights him for hours . It is a companion for him and the best gift we can give him . The seller delivered this item quickly , too .
 My dog usually gets a piece of a toy chewed off in like 10 minutes or gets the squeaker out in about 5 . Needless to say that many toys do n't last a day with her . She has had this for about 4 days now and we see no appreciable damage and she has been playing with it a few hours a day . Well worth the price when you figure that most of the time we end up throwing a toy away within an hour of getting it home . We received the blue one , not the orange one pictured .
 My dog , a 30 lb . moderate chewer , is pretty good at destroying even the toughest toys . This toy has made it past the first hour and does n't have a scratch on it ! She loves the fish and squeaks it quite a bit . Even gnawing on it with determination did n't hurt the toy . I continue to be impressed with this brand of dog toy , JW Pet .
 I have a Collie mix , Bailey and this is by far her favorite toy . I first purchased one in the store . It has a good squeak and is very sturdy . It 's survived much chewing and many games of fetch . She adores her squeaky fish . I decided to purchase extras in case anything happens . Of all the toys she has , this is her very favorite . It 's well constructed and safe for her to play with all day . I would recommend this fish to anyone with a playful dog .
 We bought this because it looked like it would last with a really mouthy golden retriever puppy . We 've been using it a month and it is holding up . A grown , really bitey , labrador played with it for a week and could not puncture it . It has a nice random bounce when thrown . I 'm not sure if it would hold up if the dogs really started gnawing away on it - like with a chew toy - but it works great for throwing around
 My dog is a lazy little apartment dweller , and always on the lookout for a snack , so keeping her at a healthy weight is a challenge - there 's not much leeway weight-wise when you are a 15 pound dog . She did n't like most canned or dry food , whether from the store or the vet , so she begged all the time . Our vet recommended this food , and even said we should order it at Amazon because it is hard to find on the store shelves here.That vet surely knows his stuff . My dog tore into the first bowl of this food like it was her first meal in days . Over the last three vet visits , her weight has stayed exactly the same . The food is easy to digest , so there is a lot less waste to pick up . The main ingredient is chicken , which is probably a lot better for a carnivore than a corn-based food . She 's really cut down on the begging , too . I guess because she is getting better nutrition , she 's probably not as hungry all the time . We did n't have to introduce the food gradually , either . Just switched to the new food , no stomach upset or any other trouble.Try it - your dog will thank you ! Well , actually , the dog will probably just eat , but you 'll know he 'd thank you if he could !
 This is my cat 's favorite toy . She goes crazy for it , maybe a little too crazy.The only reason I give this 4 stars and not 5 is because the feathers have a tendancy to break easily . The end of the feather can snap and it might still fly right , but after enough breaks , it does n't flutter in the air and then your cat may lose interest .
 My pit bull destroys toys in hours , but this one was an easy favorite that lasted a good four month in tact . He 's since taken the legs and the head off but still loves to play with the body .
 I got this product for my staffordshire terrier pit bull mix who needed something to chew on and play with . She did rip the stubby little legs off pretty quick , but the rest of the toy survived her massive jaws . She always carried it around with her like her baby or something , and then chewed rough with it to make it squeak . The toy lasted us well over 3 years , and the dogs love it so much . I told myself I would definitely buy her a new one if this one broke , but it 's withstood the test of time and still going strong . Have n't had to get a replacement yet .
 Usually my pitbull destroys all toys withing a few hours , tops . This thing has lasted months and months , squeaker intact even ! Incredible . I have bought two . The squeaker is in the bottom , surrounded by the rubber tentacles . The dog goes after these things instead of the squeaker . Brilliant !
 Our dog is quite the chewer , and has had her `` orange chicken thing from space '' -LSB- our name for it -RSB- for at least 2 years , and probably close to 3 years . This thing is durable ! The squeaker still works like the day we got it . Rubber is barely starting to break down , but after this long , there are absolutely no complaints.If you dog loves a squeaker , this toy is for your dog !
 Our American Bulldog mix has had many of these since he was a puppy . It is his favorite toy , we have one for indoors and outside . We 've had a very hard time finding them of recent in the stores , so finding them here on Amazon was great . We ordered a couple along with some other of the JW/Ruffians toys . This toy is tough , but over time Major has learned to get the squeaker out and then as he catches it , carries it around and plays with it , it does get torn up - but we recognize he is very rough on his toys .
 But she loves the orange one that she has pretty well destroyed . I 've ordered two more , she does n't really care for the green , and the red is okay -- but it is n't orange ! The shape is great for throwing and it takes some wicked bounces !
 Great , durable like all products from this company . I ca n't buy anything for the dog that he ca n't tear up , but these products hold up to heavy chewing and rough play .
 Great item . Dog loves them!Does the job well.Nice transaction and great seller.I would recommend this item to anyone who needs one of these .
 I have a medium/large pit bull -LRB- ~ 65 lbs -RRB- . She 's not aggressively destructive , but is tough on toys . This octopus/alien has held up fantastically!She loves things that she can chew on and that are `` interactive '' , i.e. squeak , squish , etc. . She also loves playing fetch . This toy bounces oddly because of the shape , making it more fun to chase ; the shape of the head makes it easy for her to carry around ; and the body is the perfect size to give her jaws a workout while squeaking . In addition , playing with it in the yard and at the park always attracts the attention of other dogs , and now almost every dog in the neighborhood has one.Some things to be aware of : - It is made of thick/durable rubber and will hold up to rough play . If your dog actively tries to chew or rip things up , this is n't the toy for you.-The squeaker is LOUD . The dog loves it , but we 've made it an outside only toy.-The size of the toy is appropriate for medium/large - extra large dogs . Small or medium dogs may be better off with theJW Pet Ruffians Dog Toy Chicken.-After a year and a half the squeaker popped out of the bottom and now rattles around inside . The body of the alien is still in great shape though , so we made it an inside toy and the dog plays with it all the time , chewing on it and shaking it around to hear the rattle .
 I have one dog who is just not interested in dog toys -LRB- unless they have food in them -RRB- . But as soon as I got this octopus thingy out of the box he had it in his mouth . Our puppy wants to play with it too so badly but he wo n't let her near it !
 My vet had these in the office for dogs to play with and my dogs loved them . They are pretty tough , I have two very large dogs , the squeakers continue to work even if they get a hole in the toy and they bounce in funny ways .
 My dogs have a blast with these and have no torn them up -LRB- and they are power chewers -RRB- . They did tear off the little hanging tentacles on the bottom , but that did not detract from them playing with them . Squeak still intact weeks later !
 My dog loves squeaky toys but most get ripped by her quickly . This octopus has held up and she loves it . She tore off the little tentacles quickly but the rest is still great . It has a satisfyingly loud squeak , and the head gives her a good handle to hold while she squeaks the body . The shape also makes it bounce unpredictably for more fun . She 's a medium sized dog -LRB- about 40 pounds , not overweight -RRB- and the body is just on the large side for her mouth . A smaller dog would really have to open wide to squeak this toy , and it would be fine for a larger dog .
 Great ! This product was affordable and was quickly shipped ! I got it just in time for ChristmS ! I had no problems .
 Toy is great , however , the description on Amazon is incorrect . This is for a LARGE , not a MEDIUM . I received the large , returned it stating I received the wrong size , only to receive another large toy .
 This is the first toy my dog has not been able to destroy . It 's also very easy to throw for those who have dogs that like to retrieve .
 Best toy ever . These toys are almost indestructable . Very goo for aggressive dogs . I would highly recommend this toy for your pet
 I only buy JW pet toys . I have to aggressive chewers at home that are very hard on toys . It take a long time for them to destroy these .
 The octopus dog toy is still in tact after over a year 's use , and my two dogs -LRB- 20 and 35 lb . terrier mixes -RRB- never get tired of that tantalizing squeak . -LRB- Sometimes I do , and have to put the toy up for a bit , but that 's hardly the toys ' fault ! -RRB- This is the only toy they have n't ripped the squeaking out of within hours or days.Highly recommended .
 my dog loves these . They squeak and are easy to grab from him . The two pet superstores stopped selling them .
 I have 6 dogs -LRB- 5 dachshunds and a borzoi -RRB- our first 2 have lasted for 4 years now and have become the official outside toy and we just added another one . My borzoi was teething as a puppy and chewed on this toy a lot and it is still in tackt and still squeaks just as loud as day one -LRB- which is why it is outside -RRB- . I love this and it makes such a wonderful fetch toy for all of my crew .
 I purchased this for my 50lb pit bull mix . I mainly use this toy to play fetch . It 's great for this activity because it bounces awkwardly and unpredictably , making for a more interesting game of fetch than a traditional tennis ball.However ! If your dog likes to chew , they will have the little nubbly legs off this octopus in no time . My dog just chewed them off and made a mess -- the pieces were small and I do n't think they 'd cause harm had he swallowed them . Other than that , this toy has held up well . It 's his favorite toy , but like all toys , he 's never unsupervised with it , so I have n't given him the opportunity to rip it apart . I do n't doubt his ability to , either.Pros
 No , it is not as durable as I would like but my dog loves this toy ! Nothing makes him happier then shaking it around our yard . Totally makes it worth it !
 This octopus dog toy is fantastic . My dog loves it and it is indestructable . My dog has used it for 5 weeks and it shows no sign of wear . And , best of all , the squeaker still works perfectly , a rarity with my tough chewing puggle .
 This is one of my dog 's favorite toys!The toy is made of hard rubber and the squeaker is very secure . My dog has not ripped it out yet.My only complaint is that you can not specify color . I purchased two and both were the same color.This is also sold by Petco and I examined it first before buying from Amazon .
 I bought my dog many toys and most of them are in the trash before long , she loves toys but after a short wile she tears them to pieces , but this is a rugged toy yet soft enough for her to make it squeak easily , she has had this over a year now and plays with it very day , she loves it so much I bought her 3 more , so now she plays with what ever ones she wants.I get the big ones , I got one small one and she ripped it up fast.my dog is a medium size German short hair , my sister has bought a few of these for her large hunting dog and he loves them also.Ruffians are great toys .
 We have a 1.5 year old yellow lab . He is wonderful and knows to only chew his toys ... BUT he is such a strong chewer that we have only found 3 toys that last more than five minutes -LRB- black kongs , the supertough Nyla Bones -LRB- which require supervision as plastic shards come off -RRB- , and these -RRB- . When we get the octopus toys we cut off the nubs at the bottom and then he can play with minimal supervision . There is a squeaky-thing inside so we keep an eye on him when he starts to chew through the rubber , but that usually takes awhile.Also , the shipper sent the toys very , very promptly .
 My wife bought one of these for our Airedale terrier and it was her favourite toy for a couple of years until it was lost . Without her favourite toy she was ready to slit her doggy wrists . We now have two identical replacements from Amazon.The toy is durable and fun . It is a soft , rubbery toy with a built in squeaker . Unlike the Cuz products we have owned the squeaker is firmly placed and continues to squeak after years of use . My dog likes to lay and chew this for hours yet it is without punctures or tears.The shape lends itself to unpredictable bounces when thrown and the soft , rubbery texture makes it quite bouncy -LRB- not as bouncy as the hard rubber Kong toys -RRB- . The shape also gives it a natural handle for easy hand throwing.I can find nothing bad to say about this product . Given the $ 6 price and free shipping you ca n't beat the value .
 These are the only can lids I could find for the Wellness Kitten food cans , they are small and hard to find lids for . They can be tough to get off the can , especially one that was refrigerated but run under warm water and it comes right off . You only get ONE it is not a set so be aware of that !
 These are the best canned cat food tops I 've ever owned ... They are sturdy and actually fit on pretty much all size cans . Very useful .
 I do n't use small cans like Fancy Feast , so I can not comment on those . However , I like these because they LAST . I bought them at a pet food store which no longer carries them , probably because they are so expensive.Except for a lid I bought at least 15 years ago labelled Sargeant 's , these are the sturdiest . The more flimsy ones always end up getting a crack in them and are not always tight.For me , the 4 stars , not 5 , is because they seem expensive . However , on Amazon , it seems that most of the can covers are more expensive than you would want to pay . It 's the S & H that is outrageous .
 The good - fits the small friskies cans as well as the bigger cans to keep the food fresh . Fits on the cans with ease . Airtight.The bad - Hard to pull off the can since it is snug . Pricey for a piece of hard plastic .
 I have used these for almost 2 years on all the sizes of food cans that my cats and dog eat and have n't had any problems at all . They are a stiffer plastic than the single size lids , but they still work well . I have found that you do have to push down more on the smallest size cans to get the seal though . Anyway , I have a couple sets because it is so easy to have a lid that works on them all .
 This is absolutely the best cat food can cover I have ever run across . It fits all of the common can sizes , including the smaller cans . They seal well and last a long time . Another review said they were difficult to get on , and that is true for the first couple of uses , but they will give a little as you use them and become easier to snap on . Great product !!
 I use three different sizes of cat food cans -LRB- kitty loves variety -RRB- , and these lids fit them all . Also , if you care about that sort of thing , it 's a very cute design . The ears are helpful for pulling it off the can . :-RRB- I just wish I could find these closer to where I live so I would n't have to pay 4-5 dollars shipping every time I lost one .
 This really is the best cat -LRB- and dog -RRB- food can cover you can buy , and it 's very inexpensive as well ! It has a good , tight fit for all can sizes . Just get a couple of them because they 're hard to find in pet stores .
 Easy to use and accommodates multiple sizes . Sturdy construction .
 My kitten eats plenty of wet food , and was on 3oz cans for quite some time . This cover sealed those cans , and it was not difficult to remove . A lot of people have reviewed this stating it 's too hard to remove from a 3oz can - if it were any easier I 'd be worried that it was n't sealed . The coolest thing about this cover is that now that my kitten is on 5.5 oz cans , the same exact cover can seal her food.Only negative is that I was fooled by the photo into thinking I was getting two covers - you only get one .
 These smaller sized lids are hard to find . This product fits multiple ca sizes from large to small fancy feast cat food size .
 This works great for both the tall and sort cat cans . A little disappointed we only got one for the price because it shows 2 in the picture . After reading the description it does say one but is a little misleading showing 2 in the picture . I understand they are trying to show the top and the bottom but they could make it more clear which is why I only gave it 4 stars . Also a little pricey for only 1 .
 At first I had a hard time removing these lids from small cans such as Fancy Feast . The solution is to just add hot water to a bowl and set the can in the bowl . This takes the chill off the cat food and also makes the lid easier to remove . -LRB- The cats do n't like cold food and they do n't like the microwave method !! -RRB-
 I have four cats , one on a special diet and have to divide up both 3 oz and 5.5 oz cans . I tried putting contents in glass and plastic containers but that takes time and impatient cats do n't like to wait while I put away their companion 's food away . Two clicks and its done . The food stays fresh which is good because special food is expensive . I appreciate the versatility in sizes as it even works on dog food cans too .
 I was not sure when I bought these , if they would fit the small Fancy Feast cans I have for my cats . Fortunately , they fit very well . One other review suggested heating the lid with water before trying to open . Others complained of difficulty opening these lids . I put the lid under the sink faucet , on hot water , for a few seconds and they open easily . Great product and cheap !
 This is the only lid that I have found which will fit a 3.2 oz can of cat food from Merrick Pet Care .
 again , glad to see that this product is still available to buy in single pouches , as they have totally disappeared from my area completely . highly recommended as they have a vast supply of dog and cat food .
 Unfortunately , consumer in this particular case can not write , so I have to guess her level of satisfaction , but she really likes the toy and chews on it every day
 This toy is super cute . For a full size rottweiler , this toy is just too small , but I have a rescue and she is a lot smaller than your typical rott . I got the &#34; long neck &#34; dinosaur -LRB- clearly I 'm a Land before time era kid -RRB- and it is fine . I think it may have been a little sharp , as the first day I noticed a little spot of blood on the toy where it probably caught her tongue or gums . She still plays with it periodically . It 's a very bright white toy , so it 's easy to see . Hopefully , it will stand up to my dogs chewing , but I do n't think it 's meant for larger , stronger chewers . I would think a lab or smaller would benefit from this toy .
 Did not arrive as promised but am very happy with this item . I bought 2 , one each of my furry grandbabies . They look better than I expected . Very happy . Thank you .
 My puppy LOVES this product . It is extremely durable against her heavy chewing , too . I 'm not sure what attracts her to this , but she chooses it over several others toys in her toy box regularly !
 My 3 dogs love these fun chew toys &#8230; they last several months even with my very aggressive chewers ! I have been purchasing these for several years now .
 I have two dogs and they love them !! And they really last . They will sit for long periods of time and chew them .
 My dogs could not have cared about the shape , but I was hoping to get to get different ones . They do enjoy chewing them and they are holding up better than the regular bone shapes .
 With a new puppy in the house , plus our 8 yo adult dog it is important that we keep plenty of toys around to redirect their attention . This nylabone is a cute toy that serves exactly that purpose . Our 8 yo dog leaves tooth prints in the toy but would not be able to destroy it if she tried .
 My dog will get this dinosaur and chew till he gets tired then falls asleep with it beside him . Wo n't let the other pets touch it .
 when this arrived just loved the look and feel of the product , sure it will clean the teeth well on my grandpup .
 My dog enjoys this bone and it seems to be durable . Just be careful not to step on it , OUCH .
 Took the toy out to show my dogs . My older dog immediately wanted to chew on it which is great because she is not usuallyinterested in new toys . Should be good on their gums . Looks big online so check out the measurements so you are notdisappointed .
 I bought it because I thought it was cute . My dog ? She loves it . It did n't seem that interesting , a bumby dino-dog toy ... however , my 40 lb . mixed pup tries to take it everywhere . Yesterday it was in my bed ! I will have to get another for xmas . It shipped right quick too .
 I ordered two of these bones . They were a lot smaller than I anticipated . My dogs loved them but I had to take them away after two days because they became a choking hazard . This would be great for smaller dogs , less than 30 lbs .
 This is the best dino out ! I wish I could have picked which one I got but it did n't really matter . my pup loves it and I will probably be getting a new one soon to give the 1st one a break .
 Love this toy ! lasts forever and parts cant be chewed off to swallow !! great for puppies and large aggressive chewers !
 This product is very durable ... even my tough chewer is allowed to chew on this one ! Great item in a cute dinosaur shape !
 Ok I have two cute little terrors ... I mean terriers.One of my dogs has jaws of steel ! Before I discovered Nylabone he lived a toyless life because he ate -LRB- YES ATE -RRB- every toy he was given . I ordered it on a whim after reading a positive review for Nylabone products . My dog has had this toy for almost a year now and it is still going strong ! I will and always will continue to purchase these products . Trust me they are awesome !
 My dog LOVES his chew toys and is addicted to them until they too small to be safe for him to chew . He is a VERY powerful ` chewer ' . I highly recommonde this chew toy to owners with dogs who love to chew , too , as the toy lasted a LONG time -LRB- over a month -RRB- , and this toy was one of my dog 's favorites until I had to take it away . The only advice I would give is to make sure the product you buy is big enough for your dog 's jaw . This toy was on the smaller side to my dog 's jaw size , but since it is so durable , it was not an issue for a long time .
 These dental dinosaurs are the best dog toy that I 've found . My lab is an aggressive chewer and a dinosaur can last about 30 days as a full fledged looking dinosaur . She continues to chew the toy until all you can see is a small unidentifiable circle for a few years . Both of my dogs prefer the T-Rex the best . Second choice of theirs is the Stegosaurus . I wholeheartedly recommend this toy for any aggressive chewer .
 This dino is my dog 's favorite toy . They love the shape and the taste . It 's easy to hold in thier small dachshund paws , and because of the odd shape there are many angles to choose from . Nylabone is a fabulous company that cares greatly about customer service - email them and you 'll see ! They are so friendly and wonderful , we 'll be customers for life !
 My dog loves this dinosaur , hes an 11lb chihuahua terrier mix and is a tough little chewer so this is perfect . I ordered this thinking I was going to get three ` assorted ' dinosaurs but you actually only get one hence only 4 stars . I ended up with the stegasaurus which my doggie loves so I highly recommend this chew toy as it works a treat but remember , YOU ONLY GET ONE !
 i have a lab/basset mix and he 's a power chewer . this toy has lasted longer than most else . and he still enjoys it .
 this is an early gift for christmas . i think this product will be great under the tree and quite a surprise too .
 This was a good bone for our large breed puppy . She seemed to prefer it over other bones and toys . Maybe because of the shape or the smaller edges and ends . The head was the first to go but the rest is still mostly intact after 3 months of puppy chewing . Nylabone make good , durable bones for aggressive chewers .
 I should have purchased more , I have a chihuahua , an afen pinscher and a german shepherd , they ALL LOVE this toy . I am going to purchase another one !!
 I raise , train , & show Siberian Huskies - a Breed that is active , curious , energetic , loves to chew , & needs to be busy . Over the years I 've found these to be the best of the chew-type toys for holding a dog 's interest , durability through strong chewers & rough players , & safety with little worry over small pieces breaking off or sections consumed & causing internal blockage -LRB- like rawhide can do -RRB- or cracking teeth -LRB- like hooves & antlers can do -RRB- . Their assorted shapes appeal to both puppies & adults . I highly recommend them !
 You can never go wrong with a Nylabone chew toy . Durable , attractive to dogs , do n't leave a mess as they pass right through there system . Definitely worth the money .
 My boys love dinosaurs and loved giving this to our German Shephard for Christmas . Our dog loves to chew on it , but be careful not to step on it with bare feet . It is rather sharp and pokey ; - -RRB-
 This is a great chew toy for our puppy . She carries it around with her constantly and it is holding up well .
 I adopted an energetic 11/2 year old dog from a local shelter . After she destroyed a couple pairs of shoes , I realized that she needed something besides raw hides to chew . When this toy arrived , I intended to send it back because the plastic was so hard and thought my dog would n't like it . However , I decided to give it a try . I 'm so glad I did n't send it back because she LOVES it . This toy is virtually indestructible , which has saved me $ on raw hides and personal property !
 My sister bought this for her 2 weims who are both aggressive chewers . I 've never seen toys destroyed so fast ! They both LOVE this toy and it lasts quite awhile . I decided to buy one for my husky . It 's one of his favorites often played with . It is a hard thick plastic toy with some weight to it . My dog and my sister 's dogs , they all have chewed the crap out of it to the point it does n't look like a dinosaur anymore ! Oh and they constantly carry it around with them and drop it on your toes . Ummm yeah OUCH!The one drawback -LRB- and warning -RRB- of this toy is that the teeth marks left in it can cause sharp or rough edges . Some fragments are chewed off and left on the floor . However , I still give it 5 stars or should I say 5 paws !!! I already bought a 2nd one to keep on hand once I 'm ready to throw the old one in the trash .
 I have Boston Terriers that destroy every toy they get their paws on , even ones made for `` tough chewers '' . These dental dinos are the best things EVER !!! They do n't last forever , but at least I feel I 'm getting my moneys worth . I highly recommend these
 Got this for my golden who chew everything and he has not been able to destroy this as yet ! Plus it is good for his teeth and massages his gums .
 Ordered this Naylabone for a strong chewer !! It is holding up pretty well and is greatly enjoyed ! This is a much better cost then I can find at any of the pet stores around our area .
 My dog is a 25 lb Schnoodle who just turned 1 year old last month . I have struggled to find a toy that she wo n't destroy within 2 minutes . This is a great product ! She loves her little Dino and takes it with her everywhere . It 's a great alternative to her pigs foot that had a horrible smell . Also , she can chew on this 24/7 and I do n't have to worry about her getting sick from over feeding her on rawhides . My only regret
 My dogs absolutely love these dinosaurs ! Initially I thought they liked them only because they were knew , but the excitement lasts ! I have two 40 lb dogs , average chewers I would say , and two of these dinos will last them a 3-4 months . They are super durable , just beware of sharp edges as they begin to wear down , but that is with all dog chews . I have looked into buying these in the store instead of online , but they seemed to be priced more in the store , around $ 12 where I live , so Amazon 's price is pretty good !
 I got this for my Labrabull , who is an aggressive 3 month old . I got the stagisaurus in the mail -LRB- wish I got the TRex : / -RRB- . My dog loves it , pulls it out of his toy bin and just lays and bites non-stop . However , this is n't super durable . The first day he had it , within maybe an hour it had visible signs of being chewed on , so be careful if your dog is an aggressive chewer .
 We 've bought all sorts of Nylabone chew toys from rings to bones to the tree stick to these dinosaurs . This T-Rex is by far my girl 's favorite . It 's easy to hold and chew . My girl is a chihuahua/terrier mix . She has chewed down to the t-rex arms on both of her bones . I buy back-ups because only 1 place in town sells them . If they sell out then I 'll be buying them here on Amazon .
 my two puppies fight over this toy and i have thought about getting more . . but have yet too lol its a mint flavor i think and great for medium and smaller dogs definitely not for a bigger dog over 50 . lbs or more ... both of mine are about 35 . lbs and its the perfect size for them = -RRB-
 We have a new dog that we adopted from the shelter , and she loves to chew on EVERYTHING . When I got this in the mail , she was so excited , she took it in her mouth and ran in the other room to chew . She loves this and it keeps her -LRB- somewhat -RRB- from chewing on the furniture , etc. . Just make sure and pick it up before heading to bed at night - I 've stepped on it in the dark - ouch ! LOL
 This looks like an awkward and not very amusing toy , but both of my dogs are crazy about them . They 've had one for months and they chew on it everyday , so we ended up getting another one so that our two dogs wo n't have to fight over it . They are avid chewers but only are able to break off little harmless shreds off of these toys , so they are really durable . A great buy !
 I 'm a little torn between 4 & 5 stars ... Daisy -LRB- 25-lb . terrier / minpin / border collie mix -RRB- absolutely LOVES LOVES LOVES this toy . I actually had to stop her from chewing it when I first gave it to her . If I had let her , she probably would have chewed for another hour -LRB- since she had gone a full hour without stopping for anything -RRB- . The only downside -LRB- and I do n't know if her teeth are still setting , but I know she has all her adult teeth so it ca n't be that her baby teeth are still falling out -RRB- is that her gums were bleeding after . I found traces of blood on the toy as well . I 'm sure it is natural for her gums to bleed a little as the toy is pretty sharp , but I am limiting her use of it regardless . If we are talking about how much she loves it , however , it 's 5,000 stars . lol ...
 I received my dino nylabone toy today and was stoked to get the T-Rex . It 's much smaller than the picture makes it appear , but that 's perfect for my medium sized cocker mix . This toy is hard as a rock and I do n't anticipate that he 'll be able to destroy it anytime soon , even though he 's an obsessive chewer.I was also really pleased with how quickly I received the toy and that the seller did n't charge any shipping fees . Score !
 My two terrier mixes -LRB- 20 lbs . and 32 lbs . -RRB- love to chew , and their paws-down favorites over the past five years have been Nylabone Dental Dinosaurs . We go through 2-3 sets per year and have have no problems , with the exception of an occasion bit of gum bleeding -LRB- very slight -RRB- when someone gets a bit carried away . Well , that , and having to confiscate the toys when we 're trying to sleep , since their chewing enjoyment is a bit too noisy for nighttime!After months of use , I take the worn down toys away and replace them , and I regularly check to make sure there are no sharp edges or larger parts that look as if they could break off and be ingested.If you have a dog that loves chewing , I 've say to give them a try , at first with supervision . If your dogs are like mine , these toys will offer many hours of entertainment and cleaner teeth to boot .
 I have a 2 year old Siberian husky who never had her teeth brushed . The vet was very concerned about the tartar build up . Since I have gotten this toy , its has help with her tartar build up ! She loves her toy so much she carries it everywhere we go ! I recommend this !!!
 We have two year old pit mixes and a 5 month old APBT , who are medium to aggressive in chew style . A lot of times the nylabones get overlooked or hidden deep under the couch , but this one was a cherished toy . Our male would carry this around , showing it off to everyone . All three really enjoyed the texture , and it lasted a good month before it was sent to chew toy afterlife .
 I have a pitbull 3years old and my wife has 2 pugs 7months and a 1 year old , they are all best friends . I bought the dental Dinosaur , because my pitbull will chew up any toy in 5 minutes and they were made of a very hard plastic.I am very amazed how long they have lasted and all 3 dogs love to chew on them .
 I was very disappointed in the `` regular '' Nylabones - my 20 pound dogs chewed them into sharp , dangerous chunks within a matter of minutes . I was wary of Nylabone products after that , but the durable ones have turned out to be great , and I 'll only buy durable from now on . My dogs like the bone-shaped durable Nylabones , but they LOVE these dinosaurs . They never seem to get tired of chomping on them . They do wear down , but slowly and in tiny pieces that appear to be harmless . After about a month of three dogs working on two dinosaurs , the toys are missing their heads , but there 's plenty more to chew on . Their irregular shape makes them easy to hold onto and fun to go at from different angles . My house will never be without these things .
 My puppy is a yellow lab and he loooves his `` dino '' toy . He has had it since he was 2 months , is 6 months now , and chewed off the head , tail , and legs , and still is thrilled with it !! It 's his # 2 fav . toy ! I would recommend it for anyone whith a large breed puppy/teenage dog .
 I purchased 2 - one for each of our dogs . Unfortunately , I did n't realize how large/hard these chews are . Our dogs are chihuahua mix , and showed no interest in the dino-chews . They were too big and too `` strong '' of a chew for them . Luckily , my sister has a lab-mix , who seems to enjoy it thoroughly . These are really best for dogs that normally destroy their chewies within minutes . Otherwise , they are durable and cute .
 I have a Pit Bull Terrier and a Bulldog - both are very strong chewers . There are very few toys on the market that they can not destroy in minutes . These chew toys are one of the rare exceptions and best of all , my dogs go bonkers when they get these toys . Hours and hours of chewing enjoyment and they pick the dinosaur shaped bones over their regular Nylabones every time ! I think they especially love the unique shape and the bumps must be soothing on their gums.The only downside is that little tiny particles can break off - so you 'll want to watch for that . I suspect this would n't happen if you have a mild/medium strength chewer . However , if you do have destructo-chewers like mine , know that the little specks that break off are no where big enough to be choking hazards - they just make a little mess on the carpet after a hour chewing session - so that means vaccumming after they 're done chewing and removing the toy after it becomes unrecognizable as a dinosaur .
 These dinos are great for powerful chewers ! Our dogs just LOVE them . Our dogs have also worked the head , legs , and tail off , but still are actively grinding away at them . They last quite a long time too , which is a major bonus . I highly recommend these to anyone with dogs who love to chew !
 My pitbull LOVES to chew and pretty much destroys anything she gets her mouth on . This has held up rather well and she seems to enjoy all of the little nubs .
 We were not sure if our dogs were going to like them . But when we but them down that was the last time we saw them . Both of our dogs loved them so much they will not put them down
 My Bo just loves this . I think because of all the ridges on it is why he enjoys it . When he loses it he goes wondering around looking for it
 I choose this rating because I bought for a gift for my cousins pooches . They love nylabone -LRB- where as my dogs wo n'ttouch them ! -RRB- . I like the cute shapes and the price . Recommend for all nylabone lovers !
 I own a chewer . If left to her own devices she will chew metal pipes ... and has . This thing is durable as hell , but for some reason not the go to toy . It 's pretty good ; it holds up . But there are better nylabones on the market .
 My 9 year old Pitbull is a serious chewer . He destroyed a Kong Extreme in a matter of 6 hours ! These nylabones last a while with him.They are much smaller than expected though and my dog gets bored with it .
 I love the Nylabones for my 3 Pitt bulls they last a long time and are very durable ! And they love them too !
 My wife 's dog love these bones . We started buying these from amazon for the price as my mutt , who had to re-define what power-chewer means as she destroys black kongs and lacrosse balls , started destroying these as well . They provide at least a month of entertainment for our pups and we buy 2-4 at a time .
 I have a puggle who chews all of the time , and she has been through a variety of Nylabone products , all of which she absolutely loved . I am a huge fan of anything Nylabone , and when I saw this one , I immediately had to get it for her because not only did it look like something she would love , but the design promotes good dental health . She has had it for a month now , and she is constantly chewing on it . Not only has it helped to keep her teeth clean , but it is much more durable than other Nylabone toys . She chews it every day , carries it around and drops it all over the place , and it has barely worn at all . I highly recommend this toy for dogs who love to chew!I do have to share one negative to this toy though ... . if your dog likes you to `` tug '' with them for their toys , this one is n't for you . It hurts to grab and pull on it . Not much of a negative , but I want to give a fair review , so if you are looking for a strong tug toy , go with a smooth surfaced large Nylabone and save your hands some pain : -RRB-
 my dog loves this toy . she would chew on it until she falls asleep !!! wherever she goes , her dino goes ! she loves her dino !
 Out of all the nylabones I have purchaced the dogs seem to have some special attachment to the dinosaur . I know I have recently seen a nub of him around here somewhere . I have all pitties and nylabone seems to be the only brand that they cant destroy in a day . The yellow ribbed ring Nylabone is the only one standing after months . They have barely put dent marks in it .
 My dog is thrilled with this . He is a chewing machine being only 11/2 years old and this has n't even had a dent put in it .
 The `` stick '' Nylabone was their favorite until we got the T. Rex . I told my wife she was nuts for getting it but they love it . Guess we 'll have to try the other dino one also . It 's funny how they 'll go after one spot . On this one it 's the tail . With the regular shaped bones they 'll make one end look like it went through a wood chipper and the other end looks like you just opened it .
 This toy dinosaur become so loved he was named Frank . My two collies love gnawing on him and not household goods . The pups have almost chewed it smooth ! We will be ordering a new one shortly .
 We have three dobermans and a bulldog and this is great . The raised bumps must feel so good bc I wo n't even attempt to take it away . I highly recommend this product for chewers . You could get a a little blood from the gums but the dogs love it .
 I gave this to my Akita for his birthday and he absolutely loved it ! I would definitely buy one of these again . They are great for teething puppies .
 I 've always had good luck with Nylabone products . My dogs absolutely LOVE this one , though . I think breaking away from the bone shape that they are used to really stirred their interest . Ca n't beat the price you get online , either . I 'm sure this would be twice as much at a pet store .
 We have two puggles . Both LOVE this toy . Dino is always at the top of the toy list and can stand up to their aggressive chewing . Will be ordering a second one .
 I 've had the triceratops for over a month now ; it 's been chewed non-stop by each of my four large dogs plus one foster dog . It 's still in great shape and showing little signs of material wearing away . I 've also noticed a substantial decrease in the tartar on their teeth and fresher breath as a result . Be willing to spend a few extra bucks for quality ... this is a great product !
 I thought this would be a little bigger , but that 's okay since my American Pitbull Terrier is only 5 months right now , and my Ridgeback mix is medium sized . This is a great size for small-medium Dogs . It 's an interesting shape and my Moms cairn terrier mix female claimed it right away ! Haha . It 's textured for teeth cleaning and strong for super chewers ! As with any hard chew toy , do keep an eye on your pet while they chew so they do n't hurt a tooth . Ive heard that this can be a problem .
 Imagine an 80 pound mastiff/boxer mix , a 12-pound min-pin mix , and a 12-pound rat terrier fighting for the same dinosaur chew toy ! Not a pretty picture . So , we ordered one for each . Okay , they still fight over them , but not as much , but whoever looses the battle can easily find another dinosaur to claim . The dinosaurs are fantastic for helping teeth stay pearly white and keep gums happy . And they last a long time . A definite must-have .
 The first time I bought this for my rottie/hound/lab mix he did n't stop chewing it for an hour which was the longest by far anything had held his attention . It 's extremely durable - I did n't need to buy another one for 5 months and that was only because it started getting small enough where it was about to become a choking hazard . I bought one for my mother 's cavachaun who is an avid chewer and it 's also kept him content . It does a great job of keeping plaque build up off his teeth , as I just noticed now that he has been without one for a couple months and I 'd gotten lazy on the brushing . Needless to say , another one has been ordered and is on the way courtesy of prime shipping .
 My 1 year old border collie is an agressive chewer . This is one of the few toys that lasts in my home for more than a day . The only disappointing thing about this order was that the title says `` Dinosaur Varies , '' but I got 3 of the same dinosaur . And while you might think that my pup would n't know the difference , she does n't seem as interested in this one as she was in the one that I have in another shape . Maybe because there is nowhere to grab that is n't pointy ?
 I have a one year old Yorkie who 's destroyed EVERY toy she 's ever had -LRB- 63 to be exact -RRB- . She 's a voracious chewer and I just can not find a toy , no matter how durable it says it is , that she can not eat through within the first day or so . I took a chance on this toy and she absolutely LOVES it ! And believe it or not , we 've had it for 3 weeks and she has only slightly gnawed it down . I think this is definitely a ` keeper ' .
 I am always pleased to use Amazon to order various items . We ordered 3 Dental Dinosaurs and as always , we were pleased with the promptness and the quickness in which we received our order from the supplier . Thank you .
 I have a bulldog - every toy we have gotten him since we brought him home has been destroyed - except for this Nylabone dinasour . Love it , & bought 2 more !
 I have a 2 yr old Vizsla and a 2 mo old Pit and they love this toy ! Only reason it did n't get 5 * is that I 've only had it for 2 months and its already half gone ... wish it lasted longer as a chew
 Would definately purchase again . Has held up well to two 75 + pound lab mixes that are very powerful chewers . Great price too !
 Durable and a lot of fun for our god . Would recommend to everyone . It also is good for dogs teeth . Much cheaper than buying at store .
 My high-energy puppy loves this dinosaur chew toy . I feel it 's soothing on his sharp puppy teeth . He always seems to grab this toy in his basket of toys . Highly recommend !
 My 30 + pound mixed breed puppy is a voracious chewer and she LOVES this toy . I 'm ordering more of them today - do n't ever want her to be without !!!
 This is a great size . My 60lb Lab/Shepherd mix carries it around and chews on it.Very happy with my purchase .
 Our 4 dogs just love these , they love them so much that they only last about a month or so before I have to toss them and buy new ones because they have turned them all into shanks and our dogs use them as weapons unknowingly against my husband and I !
 Both of my dogs -LRB- black lab / husky mix -RRB- enjoy the Nylabone Dinosaurs . When one settles down to chew on a dinosaur , I have to find the other one for the other dog or she will look at her sister with envy and try to take the dinosaur away from her . I can give them a dinosaur as a substitute for chewing on the furniture . I will certainly buy this product again .
 I bought these for 2 of my neighbors dogs and they love them ! The dogs are very active and really enjoying them ! I will be buying more !
 My Briard easily destroys most toys in short order , but she chews and chews on these and they last a long time . Best of all worlds , she likes to chew on them , and they last months .
 I have a definite chewer - she 's a Cattle Dog/Healer mix ... these are incredible and last for a very long time !
 I admit , the reason I bought this toy was because it was so cute . Fortunately , my dog seems to like it as much as I do . She loves anything nylabone , and this was no exception . When I pulled it out of the package , she grabbed it and ran off with it . It 's been one of her favorite toys since . The durability of nylabone toys continues to surprise me , even in the face of a super destructive chewer .
 I had to order a second one because they were fighting over it -- both have been T-Rex , which is good , they are cute ! very durable , my pugs chew through everything but this one is lasting nicely ! GREAT toy for dogs who love to chew !
 Christmas gift for my Lab . Labrador loves this.Carts it around and likes to have a chew . She skids it across the floor and chases it
 My dog will chew on this for hours which helps keep him busy while I 'm away at work . Great product !
 This is the best for a very powerful chewer ! My dog loved it . He destroys every toy he can get his hands onto but this bone will satisfy his chewing needs !
 My heeler loves this over the regular large bone shape nylabone . This is a very hard toy , so maybe she feels more destructive . Think it gives her more area to chew on at one time .
 This bone is kind of small for my dogs huge mouth , but it is still great quality and hard to chew . It really lasts and can not be broken into pieces .
 We agree with many other reviews , for some reason the shape is better for our PWD . She 's a real chewer & toys wo n't last more than a minute & other bones do n't seem to keep her interest .
 My dog is a constant chewer , and she seems to really enjoy this . I have bought other nylabone products for her , and this one seems quite a big harder than the others . Most have a harder rubber type material , but this dinosaur borders on a hard plasic feel . So far she has just chewed this down on the edges , and has n't broken any off . I will continue to monitor her progress on it , and make sure she ca n't get and chunks off of it .
 I got the chew tot in and it was exactly what was advertised . I would use this vendor for future purchases .
 I recently ordered this Nylabone product . My dogs love the dinosaur shapes ! They can get ahold of them with their paws and teeth .
 I have a six month pup that is about 35 pounds and chews EVERYTHING ! Totally demolishes whatever she can get her hands on ! I 'm hoping this helps satisfy her chewing needs without being destroyed . It looks great and is exactly what I was wanting so fingers are crossed ! : - -RRB-
 I am a long-time dog trainer and rescuer . I 've owned all the versions of this indispensible toy ! The Stegosaurus version held up - for years ! - through Australian Cattle Dog , Border Collie , English Staffordshire Terrier , and Irish Wolfhound puppies . They even chewed on them as they got older . I would n't recommend Tyrannosaurus -LRB- too many gaps to crunch on -RRB- and Brontosaurus -LRB- the tail eventually breaks off -RRB- if you have dogs like mine who have huge jaws and teeth the size of my thumb . If a toy lasts at my house it truly is almost undestructible.As with any toy , do n't leave your pup alone with it until you 've watched to see they can safely chew it . Do examine it regularly to make sure there are no cracks . Unlike most Nylabone bone-shaped toys , my dogs prefered the shape and texture of these . I usually start them off by rubbing a bit of peanut butter into the nubs the first time . After that the dogs carry them around while teething . Best of all , they wash up great in the dishwasher !
 I have a dog with very strong jaws . She 's only thirty-five pounds but she goes through most toys like they 're bubblegum . Even as a small puppy , she would destroy anything and everything . By the age of five or six months we had to give up on soft and rope toys altogether , and at a year old , she is limited to only hard chews like Kong , Nylabone , etc. . Even then , she destroys most of these with relative ease . She 's gone through chews others have recommended as long-lasting in literally ten minutes . The only toy she has that has lasted more than a month or so is her original red Kong , which she mostly licks instead of chews.I initially bought the dinosaur for my other , less toy-murderous dog , but the power chewer quickly stole it from him . She was in love . She carried it everywhere and chewed on it constantly . I 'm not sure if it 's the shape or the texture she likes , or some combination thereof , but whatever the case , it instantly became her favorite . Even the most durable hard toys normally only last a few weeks with her , but her dino is going on two or three months now . It 's chewed beyond recognition , all the nubs worn down , and it 's very rapidly nearing the end of its life because little bits of plastic are falling off , but it still lasted far longer than most toys do . A few weeks ago I bought her a second one , in a different shape , and she 's equally as enamored with it . All in all , it 's not going to be indestructible if you have a power chewer , but it certainly lasts a heck of a lot longer than most !
 My dogs have a variety of Nylabones and one from Hartz as well and they all get chewed on depending on what my boys are in the mood for . They regularly compete to be the one to get dinosaur , so I would rank that as this one being a favorite . Both my dogs are heavy chewers , but the nylabones seem to last a good long while and they never get tired of them . One other thing , the dinosaur -LRB- with all the little nubs -RRB- is probably the most horrible thing to step on when making a trip to the bathroom in the middle of the night !
 these dinosaurs are both of my dogs favorite toys ... I 've purchased them many times and I am very happy with them everytime I do . My dogs are strong chewers and these Dino toys last
 Very very durable item . My dog loves this and ca n't tear it up . She will just chew and chew on it .
 My pitbull loves to chew more than anything else . Since he 's had this dinosaur -LRB- several months now -RRB- , he 's only just now started to destroy the head of the T-Rex . He chews on it whenever he realizes that it is around , so that 's some good durability . I definitely recommend it for all the chewers out there !
 My dog loves this dinosaur ! It has been already a month that I purchased this and it still exists up until now ; a great deal when you meet our great chewer.The design is great in that it keeps my dog interested in it and the toy keeps a sturdy appeal even though it looks that it would just lose control after a bite from our dog.Overall , a great toy for your dog .
 This dino nylabone is a great toy ! My dog loves it and it has been his favorite toy since he got it for Christmas !
 My grand dog is a tough chewer who destroys toys and is only given nylabones , etc. . These dinosaur chews are his favorite and regularly gets them from his favorite Grandma . Amazon had the best price ...
 My 11/2 yr old golden retriever went absolutely &#34; NUTS &#34; for this . He did have smaller bone-shaped nylabone but seems to prefer this one over them . We tell him to &#34; Go get DINO and off he runs to get it and play . He 's close to being ready for another one soon .
 This is a great bone for chewers . I have another one -LRB- the ring -RRB- and my dog loves to chew on these . They are hard and great for puppies and chewers .
 Our 4 month old Labrador puppy loves his dino chew . He shares it with the other dogs -LRB- fully grown Wheaten terrier and fully grown Airdale Terrior -RRB- without issue .
 I bought the Nylabone dinosaur chew toy for my 80lb . Greyhound and instead my 20lb Bichon has taken charge of it . He chews on it several times a day . The Greyhound does n't stand a chance getting to it !
 My dog is a pretty intense chewer - and is about 19 lbs . He has the T. Rex and loves it . -LRB- It 's pretty funny to see him stand it up just to bite it on the head . -RRB- This toy is only for chewing though - it 's pretty dense , so it ca n't be involved in any `` play . '' We have n't had any health issues and he 's chewed for 6 months now -LRB- our T. Rex no longer has a head or tail -RRB- so I think he 's probably in the clear .
 I purchased this bone for my dog last Christmas and it is still one of her favorites ! I believe we got the ` brontosaurus ' model . She is an Australian Shepherd -LRB- about 35 lbs -RRB- and is extremely rough on her toys . We are lucky if a toy lasts more than 1 day , but this one is still going strong . I think its tail is just about gone by now , but other than that , it is still in tact . We call it her `` dino '' and she knows it by name . If we tell her to go get her dino , she brings it to us every time without fail . I think I only paid about $ 4 for it at the time , but I would still buy it at $ 7.50 . It 's still much cheaper than nylabones at the store ! It is the perfect size for my dog , but I would n't recommend it for a dog much larger than her .
 My teething puppy loves this toy . The nubs that protrude all over the toy are wonderful on his gums . It it smaller than I thought and my large breed puppy has outgrown it before his teething phase is over . I still let him chew on it , but only when he is supervised .
 I have a 15 month old puppy who is a powerful and destructive chewer . I discovered Nylabone toys a few years ago when my cocker spaniel , who was an anxious chewer , had to have intestinal surgery to remove parts of a rubber toy . When I got this puppy I gave her a stuffed animal and 5 minutes later I had to throw its remains away . She has been a Nylabone girl ever since . She loves her dinosaur ; she carries it everywhere with her and even sleeps with it . It no longer has a recognizable head but she did not manage to chew off any large chunks , just little bits . The downfall is that I find a lot of little rice sized bits of dinosaur in the furniture and her blankets ; the up side is I know there are no big chunks of toy ending up in her intestines.I highly recommend this and other Nylabone `` for powerful chewers '' type toys to anyone whose dog is a little chew crazy . I also recommend buying from Amazon because the price is about half of what it is in the pet store and the selection is much better than discount stores have . At the price for these dinosaurs I am getting ready to order a few more so that when the one we have is worn out I have another readily on hand.For reference my dog is an oversized Jack Russell Terrier -LRB- around 30lbs -RRB- and this toy is the perfect size for her .
 Oh dino ... what would we do without you !! Our lab puppy absolutely loves this toy and it has been one of her favorites . I was so excited to find this toy on Amazon because our poor dino has taken a beating . This is one of the first toys we purchased for our beloved pup when we adopted her in March and have n't been able to find it in the local stores . This doy has survived her teething phase and we thought it was time to get a 2nd in case dino decides to hide under the couch again .
 I have two dogs , one is a heavy chewer . Both dogs love this toy and will take turns stealing it from each other . It has held up well , even when my heavy chewer gets ahold of it . I was n't sure it would hold up well because it is a bit thin and has pieces that stick out , like the foot and head , but it has held up surprisingly well .
 We received the Brontosaurus for our 20 lb . 4 month old chow/retriver/coonhound / corgi mix pup . It is by and large her favorite toy . She spends a good amount of time chewing on it and is a moderate chewer . She has n't gotten any pieces off of it and there has n't been any damage to her teeth . The only thing is that it 's so hard , I do n't think it gives her a lot of relief for her teething .
 I like many others who 've written in , have tried many different `` indestructible '' chew toys only to find that our little beast will gnaw through them in minutes . I must say , this Dinosaur Chew Toy has outlasted any previous toy by miles . He 's been at it every day for 3 weeks for an hour or two at a time and it 's probably reduced in size by 20 % . It 's not going to last forever , but it 's certainly better than anything else out there that we 've found . Great item !
 My husband and I foster Australian Cattle Dogs and own one ourselves . With our most recent litter of puppies they were unable to do any damage to this toy ! -LRB- That 's a huge improvement over some of the other toys we bought them -RRB- . Once the puppies were gone , I gave it to my destroyer-of-all-toys . After about a month of carrying it around and chewing on it , he has only managed to sever the head of the T-rex , which makes this the champion of toys in our household!I give this toy four stars just because I would n't recommend it for every dog -- it 's rock hard and can definitely do some damage . If , however , you have a power chewer and are desperate for a toy that wo n't easily fall apart , I would definitely suggest this product .
 I have a one and a half year old shiba . He loves to chew and enjoys this toy very much . Amazon 's price is way better than what you will find in a pet store .
 My chocolate lab chews on stick 's all the time so I got her one of these dinosaur toy 's and she just LOVES IT !!! and no broken teeth !
 I have a 4.5 year old 70 LBS . Doberman Pinscher that absolutely loves these Dental Dinosaur Nylabones!I 've gone through several over the years because she loves chewing on them and being so cheap on Amazon , they are well worth it!Even my vet recommends them and is how I found out about them.Every Christmas , I send them to a friend for his dogs and they love them too.They are not sharp when new , but after some chewing , they will get sharp so watch out when walking barefoot around or trying to play tug with the dog and the dinosaur.It does n't matter what shape she gets , she tears right into it when she gets it!It would be neat if they made ones that were much bigger to watch them chew and carry it around as if they just took down some large animal in the wild.I 'll continue to get these even though they can hurt when you step on them barefoot and the shreds get caught in the carpet because my dog and friends ' dogs absolutely love them and it helps to keep their teeth clean!You should still clean their teeth by hand on a regular schedule though .
 these bones are great . my dog loves them and they are good for her teeth ! they break off in tiny pieces so that she cant choke on them too .
 I am so happy I made this purchase , my dog loves it . She takes it everywhere . She does n't over do it with the chewing , but that 's because I always make sure she has different options available to her to keep her entertained . Please remember that when giving a chewing toy , you are there to supervise , it 's all trial and error , it works for some and not for others . This is a good toy , keeps her entertained and off my door frames !
 Do n't know what the appeal of the dinosaur chew toy/bone is but the dogs LOVE it ! We had to order two of them to avoid a fight , so they can both have one at the same time .
 El producto me lleg&oacute; en una semana hasta Costa Rica , lleg&oacute; en buen estado y es de buena calidad , le quito una estrella ya que me lleg&oacute; un dinosaurio diferente al que ponen en la foto pero aun asi estoy satisfecho con la compra .
 My dog liked everythin she recieved , and enjoyed the bones . And she liked the wiffle ball very much . These are great items , all of themThe Manufascturer can be very proud , olf all of these items . My dog Sophie in Ohio .
 My dogs LOVE Nylabone products , and they are both aggresstive chewers . This dinosaur is durable , and neither of my dogs have been able to destroy it so far . The only complaint I have is that the tail and the head are very small and pointed -LRB- the Stegasaurus is the one that came -RRB- which my dogs might be able to break off if they chew hard enough . Overall , I think it 's a great toy , and as long as my dogs are happy so am I !
 Our Aussie loves Nylabones more than anything else . She usually gets the bigger bones , but I gave this one a go and she just carries it around with her everywhere she goes . It 's quite funny and very cute . I highly recommend this item !!!
 I normally buy the Large , super durable Nylabones for my 35lb shepherd mix . However these were on sale so I decided to give one a try . Both of my dogs LOVED this bone as soon as it arrived . However , it is much smaller and softer than the bones I normally buy , and it did not take long at all before it had been chewed into something to small for my dog to safely continue chewing on . If you have smaller dogs who do n't have a shepherd 's powerful jaw , then this bone is for you .
 If dog is a chewer like mine was . . this is the toy for you !! He loved these things and they take a while to really destroy . . if the ever . Only dog that my puppy could play with and not destroy the first year that I had him .
 We have a very small -LRB- 5 pounds -RRB- poodle that is a power chewer . She loves this chew and can spend hours simply chewing on it . It is very durable and lasts a long time .
 If you have a Dog that likes to chew these will become your best friend ! I have a Parson Russell -LRB- Jack Russell Family -RRB- and he is a Heavy Chewer . He Loves these Denta-Dinos !
 this is a great chew toy - my dog is a heavy chewer and the nylabones are better since they are broken down and passes through his system w / no probems . i got him this one along w / the galileo souper . This is a good size for him and the irregular edges really appeal to him . These last quite a while and the textured surface creates a good grip for their paws in addition to massaging their gums . It 's been about 3 weeks and he 's not quite half way through but will definitely keep replenishing these .
 I originally purchased one of these for my puppy when I brought her home . By six months she had chewed the dino 's head and tail off but it was in good shape . We lost her dino at about 9 months and I found that she was becoming destructive in her chewing . She can destroy a stuffed animal in 2-3 minutes , sometimes less . She has a new dino and is very happy . We tried other chews but they do n't have the nubs on them which she seems to enjoy . I purchases back up dino 's in case we ever lose one again . It 's kept her out of trouble with her chewing . This is a great product . She is a Cavalier , I would not give this to a large breed dog because I think it would be to small for them.Dental Dinosaur Nylabone
 Great product for those puppies or adult dogs who can chew through anything . This will keep them busy for sure . Once your pet gets this started , chances are it will be a favorite chew until the nubs wear down . I have two power-chewing Puggles . Unlike everything else I 've tried , this is NOT a 5-minute toy . They seek these things out and it satisfies the need for a good long gnawing session .
 My dog loves these things . Hes a moderate chewer , so it takes him a few weeks to go through it , but I suggest you throw it away when it starts to get too small if you worry about the jagged edges . It does n't seem to get moldy -LRB- thank goodness -RRB- but one major drawback is stepping on the darn thing barefoot ! OUCH !
 We love nylabones around our home . Our two goldens must have the durable nylabone as they quickly destroy a flexible one . I thought that this Dinosaur Nylabone was the bigger size since it said Wolf but it was pretty small at 4 inches . I had to give it to my friend 's cocker spaniel . It was just too small for a golden retriever .
 My little Jack Russell 's just love these durable dental dinosaurs , I usually buy three at a time and they last three to four months . Great entertainment and my 3yr old dogs teeth are sparkling ... They crew them every morning just like we brush our teeth ... Anyhow if your dogs love hard chew toys these are winners !
 I 'd been eying the Nylabone Dental Dinos in our local pet store for awhile but put off purchasing one for our four month old sheltie figuring it 'd be too hard or too heavy for him at such a young age ... but then we revived one from my mother -LRB- non-dog owner -RRB- as a gift for the puppy and he loves it ! It 's his favorite chew after the Nylabone Edibles -LRB- he 's a little glutton -RRB- and he can spend hours chewing on it from all angles.He was n't so keen on it to start out with , but a little playing -LRB- hold it out and then pull it back - not mean just to get him to chase it -RRB- has turned it into one of his favorite toys . It 's durable , easy to clean and the shape is quite engaging . He can manipulate it , chew on the various limbs and carry it all around the house .
 My dog loves the Nylabone Dental Dinosaur ! Our vet recommends them for keeping the molars clean and the work . Highly recommend this product .
 My ten-months old 12 lb . pomapoo loves chewing on this dinosaur and it is 100 % safe . He is unable to chew off any kind of bits or pieces that would harm him if swallowed . I tried the nylabone wolf bone and he was able to completely rip pieces off that he swallowed and I threw it out.Dental Dinosaur Durable
 I have two pit mixed dogs . They absolutely love this toy . They are very strong and need something that holds up . These dinosaurs are great .
 My dogs are incredible chewers , but these dinosaurs last a long time . They love the odd shapes and textures . A favorite !
 I do n't know what it is about these things but every dog that gets near these Nylabone dinosaurs goes nuts for them . And it helps their teeth in the process .
 If you have a dog that loves to chew these are invaluable ! My dogs love them and I ca n't keep enough of them in the house .
 I had to order a half dozen of these dinos so my labradors could have one in each room . These toys are very tough and last months for my chewing labradors . No drawbacks whatsoever ! Thanks for the chewing exercise for the dogs and the entertainment value for the owners.Hope these dinos never become extinct !
 Our first one lasted ten years . Then new puppy with jaws like an alligator arrived . She goes through about one a year . She carries them everywhere .
 A little smaller than I thought it would be . perfect for a medium size dog , but the huskys seem to approve of it .
 My dog likes this bone - it 's a little smaller than I expected , but it 's quite the conversation starter . I 've never seen a bone like it before - it 's fun and different .
 While my little dog was able to chew the head of the Dinosaur , she still likes it and one of for her favorite toy . Definitely would recommend for hard chewers . The dots are pretty sharp and could hurt if you stepped on it .
 My 6-year old lab loves this version of the Nylabone ! It was instantly her new favorite . She carries it with her wherever she goes , including to bed at night . Thank you for making safe , quality chews !
 very well priced and a nice gift - would order from Amazon again for this type of product for a gift or myself .
 I can never find these in my town . My dog loves it and I know it 's good for his teeth . I will order again .
 This is a good chew toy for a teething puppy . . Yes it is smaller then what i thought it was going to be but it is still something good to keep him busy with until his eyes set on something else ... But it has held up so far with out any big pieces missing so i would order it again if i had to ... also the package came on time as promised . .
 Puppy loves it and that 's great ! I love Nylabone products and this one does not disappoint . My pup really enjoyed this immediately and it sure beats chewing other things .
 I have 3 dogs , a doxie mix , a lab mix and a sheperd-aussie mix . this was terrific because because of its shape . small areas for the doxie and larger for the sheperd-aussie . My shepherd is a heavy chewer !! he has whittled away on the toy but as stated the pieces are small , not sharp and have caused no danger to the dog . It is still going strong after a few months of use.I would buy it again .
 My 6month old puppy loves this to gnaw on . He is a pretty aggressive chewer and the dino is still going strong .
 We needed something for a retriever puppy to teeth . It will last a long time and This is much better than my shoes or furniture !!
 My dog really likes the bumpy nylabones , durable chew toys . This is a great one , like that it is white , so it it easy to find as my jack russel takes and hides it all over the house.Days and days of entertainment . Great chew toy for destroyers of most other toys .
 These dinos are a good bet for a real chewer . I have 3 dogs and they LOVE these . They last a long time and are a great deal for the money . Only down side is they are a bit sharp if you step on them by mistake !
 My welsh corgi loves this bone , and my 3 year old nephew -LRB- who is a dinosaur lover -RRB- loves throwing it for him too .
 I 've had a Dental Dinosaur chew for about four or five years . Every dog in our house -LRB- three -RRB- has chewed on this thing and we still have it ! It 's hard which is great for our Chihuahua puppy and it 's also a very good price ! Would buy one again !
 My dog loves these chew toys . The regular nylabone claws are boring to her , but the nubbies and shapes of the dinosaurs are great for keeping her occupied and her teeth clean ! Awesome product !
 This is my second dinosaur toy that I have purchased !! It is my dog 's favorite toy . He is a strong chewer and this is very durable and keeps him occupied ! Great product-we love nylabone !
 FALSE advertisement . It says dinosaur varies but you should be able to chose . . Either way , my puppies still loved it !
 My rat terrier is a fierce chewer , and the nylabone toys are great . She chews this dino every day and has only worn off part of the tail in a few weeks time .
 My dog destroys ANY toy he gets , so I have to be very picky when I do buy him something . Most Nylabone products are safe -LRB- we have had some bad experiences with some -RRB- but this one is great ! I have a puggle who is 30 lbs and he just loves this . I was happy to see a new toy added by Amazon in the nylabone division , and it is a great price . At $ 5 , I can replace these often enough when my dog starts to wear them down . He loves the dinosaur however , he carries it around with him everywhere !
 Smaller than I expected , but my dog loves it ! She chews on it all of the time and it is still looking pretty good . Very durable .
 These are a great price , and my dogs ca n't get enough of them ! I give them as gifts occasionally to friends with dogs , and they find their dogs love them as well . I highly recommend . I have two German Shepherd mixes -LRB- one with jaws of steel I think -RRB- and they stand up to the test . Eventually they are worn down to nothing , but that usually takes 2 or 3 months , even with my more active chewer.Warning though , you do n't want to step on these in the middle of the night !
 This dinosaur chew bone was great . It lasted a long time and my dog is a big chewer ! My kids thought it was cute , too .
 A neighbor 's dog has this and every time we go visit , my dog would dig through his toys to get it . I have been looking everywhere for it and was thrilled to find it here on Black Friday at a great price . My girl was so excited when I pulled it out of her stocking for Christmas ! Of the 5 toys she got , she jumped on this one first and more often . She 's a power chewer so these types of toys are awesome for her .
 This was a gift for a dear friend of ours , Bailey he is a large dog who enjoys playing with toys ! He is a Lab and he LOVES to chew - this is AWESOME and truly fits the need !
 This toy is hard and heavy and my dog loves it . He has a habit of obliterating all toys in his path . We got the triceratops and he 's barely made a dent on the head or tail . It 's been a huge help to get through teething .
 was looking for the best chew toys for my boysmy dogs are great chewers especially one and he destroys chew toys like crazy , nylabones work so great with him.and my other dog loves any chew I give him .
 My 70 lb . boxer loves to chew on it and play with it so I do think it will keep her teeth clean .
 We were pulling our hair out because our boxer mix is about 10 months old and it seems she has jaws of steel . She is a powerful chewer , and chews a LOT . I got her this dinosaur and she loves it . It is the only toy that holds up to her chewing . Most toys she destroys in minutes ; this one it took two weeks to get the face off and a month for her to chew off the head . She loves her dinosaur and I plan on getting her more . She will chew this for hours at a time and if anything can hold up to her powerful jaws I 'm all for it . EXCELLENT for powerful chewers !!
 We had other NylaBones that were very painful when she would drop them on our toes . We got her this one and we all love it ! Lighter in weight , but she is 70lbs , an aggressive chewer and loves it !
 My dogs love this product - great for powerful chewers and is very popular with them and any dog that visits .
 I loved this toy so much but my pup is a very aggressive chewer . Unfortunately , he had the head chomped down within a week or so . That said , I find nylabone to have great products and ended up purchasing a big nylabone bone which has stood up to his chewing .
 This one is a winner , nice and hard for my larger dogs to chew on . I find nylabones a great option for my dogs , as they do n't fight over them like they would something edible . They take turns chewing on this , and it looks like it will take a while for them to get through it . A good buy .
 Not sure why , but the dino toys from Nylabone are well accepted by dogs , be it the texture or whatever the reason my dogs tend to go for these a little more often than the regular bone shaped chew toys of the same brand.They last a long time , and usually do not get chewed into pieces that can be ingested.Highly recommended !
 I did not actually see this product as it was delivered to Best Friends Animal Society but it was on their wish list so I hope they are satisfied with it
 I have a couple mini Australian Shepards and the adult dog is generally a pretty uninterested chewer . This is the only chew toy that he will use and he likes it . My young pup LOVES it so I have several all over the house to distract him from chewing down the whole house ! Funny thing is that he shows minimal interest in other chew toys . Guess I 'll have to keep ordering more dinosaurs !
 I have a 1 year old 40lb pitbull/pointer mix that loves to chew . We 've had this toy for about a month now and still is holding up well . We like how the dinosaur has the bumps on it and our dog likes to chew it in his back teeth so it helps with his tartar build up . He stays amused with it while in his crate during the day .
 My dog is a german shepard at some points i thought shee would be rough to the toy she loves it and it is still formed correctly thank you for thid product
 Dog loves it and great chew toy to keep him busy ! We call him Mr. T ! Bought a couple more for a friends dog as well and they love it too !
 We purchase these dinosaurs constantly . For some reason our dogs just LOVE them . Unlike the Nylabone bones , these dinos last alot longer as well . They are funky shapes so our dogs can manipulate them better to hold and chew . If you have big chewers like my dogs -LRB- three lab mixes -RRB- , I HIGHLY recommend these chews !
 This dinosaur lasts a long time - incredible with the way my dog chews . And he does n't seem to lose interest in it , no matter how raggedy it looks . He likes the little knobbies on it because of the texture . He always finds where this thing is hidden and chomps away on it . I definitely recommend this dinosaur if you have a serious chewer .
 Our Silky Terrier is part dog/part pirana . We bought a regular Nylabone and it was completely destroyed within a couple minutes . Huge pieces were torn out of it and swallowed . I was terrified he would have serious ramifications from it . I contacted Nylabone immediately and they sent me 3 toys more suitable for my `` strong chewer '' . One of those was the dental dinosaur durables . He LOVES LOVES LOVES this toy . And after 4 months it is now time to replace it -LRB- the head and tail are now missing -RRB- . I am so please that this toy worked for our pirana dog ! : -RRB- Other good toys that they sent as replacements were the Nylabone Wishbone and the Nylabone Puzzel Bone .
 These are great if you have a pug . Spanky is 5 now and he has always had one . He just loves to spend time chewing his little dinosaur . Plus it really helps him keep with teeth clean . Highly remomeneded to pug owners .
 On that warm July day when I first opened the recently arrived cardboard box of mystery , I was deeply saddened and upset when the dinobone I purchased was in fact a Stegasaurus and not the advertised T-Rex . What would my dog think ? Surely ALL HUMANS AND ANIMALS are well aware that the Stegasaurus comes nowhere near the badassness of a T-Rex . Would my dog like it ? Would it chew on its nylony stega-carcus ? Yes .
 My two dogs looove this thing . The only wierd thing was that I was expecting a T-rex and got a Stegasaurus . This is n't really a complaint , but just a heads up . If you want the T-rex , you might need to specify . It does n't look like the same material as other Nylabone products I 've bought . It seems a little harder than other bones we 've bought . Does n't make a difference to the dogs . They never get tired of it .
 I am one of those people that spoil their dogs . I have 5 . lol . I hated that my chihuahuas had all these favorite toys and that my pit bull would tear them without trying . I started the search for a toy that he 'd enjoy and not be able to totally destroy . He is almost 3 years old now and this is the ONLY toy that I can give him that does n't get destroyed or choked on . He loves it . I leave it in his kennel -LRB- where he sleeps and stays while I 'm at work -RRB- and you can only see one or two teeth marks on the thing . It 's been in his kennel for over two months and he chews it all the time . He falls asleep chewing and is soooo cute . But yeah . Pit owners , no lie , BEST toy ever . And CHEAP compared to the other things that I 've gotten him over the years . I 've spent way more on dollar tree plushies that he 's gone through in a matter of hours . -LRB- AND he is a big headed , big mouthed boy , but the way the dino is shaped he can not swallow it like he has done with whole bones . I would never leave it with him if there were ANY danger so , no worries . -RRB-
 I 'm glad I got a new one , my old one was 1/2 gone . Great for the gums and teeth . Thanks .
 My border collie is an aggressive chewer -LRB- although not aggressive with anything else ! -RRB- . These dinos are the only toys that will keep him occupied that he ca n't destroy in hours . The dinos last for a couple months for him , but he grinds them down so they become a bit of a hazard if you step on them . His teeth are healthy and clean with seldom brushing . He has n't had any issues with them - we give him 2 at a time so if he 's bored with one he can play with another . They should n't replace dental care , but they really do help with plaque .
 These chews are great . My dachshund-mix 3-month-old puppies were not too interested in the classic nylabone so I got these , and they just LOOOVE them . It 's their # 1 chew-toy . They can sit in their beds and chew on it forever . I also recommend the Nylabone fish . For some reason the funky shapes and textures are just much more enticing than the regular bone shape . One more note
 We could never give my dog anything cloth like or soft because she would chew on it or take out the stuffing of her bed or blanket . With toys it was the same . We bought her a Kong -LRB- r -RRB- but she did n't take to it even with several treats stuffed on the inside . Then I bought this hoping it would be a good toy for her . She did n't take to it right away but eventually it became her favorite . Anytime she 's bored or just need to chew we 'll give her this and she 'll be busy for about ten minutes . The toy itself is very tough not flexible at all which is what we needed . Its easy to clean too , we just run it under some hot water for a couple of seconds or so . Great for bored dogs or some really aggressive chewers . The only thing is I did n't get to pick the dinosaur ... darn ! ... but that 's not going to affect it 's rating it 's still a great chew toy overall .
 This is the only chew toy that consistently holds my dogs ' attention . And it 's good for their gums and teeth . I stock up on them every year .
 I have two golden retrievers and 5 Nylabone dinosaurs in the house - at least temporarily , for the dinosaurs that is . These are , paws down , the absolute favorite chew toy in our house . They are easy for the dogs to handle , carry around , fling around and chew . I might as well order a gross for the upcoming year .
 This is great and I will totally be reordering this a bunch for my dog . Definitely a favorite and a real time consumer !
 This is a great product for heavy chewers . My dogs love these and they keep their teeth clean . They last a long time , but you 'll want to be sure to discard them when they are so warn that your dog can tear little pieces off .
 Out of all the chew toys I 've bought , these get the best reviews . My dogs have almost forgotten that they have other chew toys or even stuffed animals , for that matter . They are soooo obsessed with these dinos , I 've already purchased more !
 Of the countless toys our Frenchie has this toy takes the cake as her favorite . We brought it to a puppy play date with 5 other dogs and this was the one toy everyone wanted to chew on . Its super durable , the dino shape is fun -LRB- which is honestly why I originally bought it -RRB- and it occupies hours of her time . Best toy I 've ever bought her . She has the T-Rex .
 My GR puppy destroys all soft toys so I get her the durable plastic/rubber toys . She randomly chews on this dinasour and it has held up well for the past 6 mths she has had it . She is now 10 mths old . A good , durable chew toy .
 If you have a lab as a pet , this is a must buy . Sidney , my yellow lab , has had her share of chew toys -- beginning with ropes , moving onto squeeky toys , stuffed animals , and tackling all types and sizes of flavored nylabones . And , I have n't mentioned the things she 's not supposed to chew -LRB- believe it or not , it 's bluetooths ... that 's her favorite alternative -RRB- . She quickly grew bored off all , but one -- Nylabone 's Durable Dental Dinosaur . She absolutely loves it !!! And , it 's taken her months to break it down . She loves it so much , I purchased one for our home , the dog walker 's house , and the car . I do n't ever want her to go without it . And , you wo n't want your dog to go without it either .
 looks gnarly but our dog loves to chew it . after 4 months you ca n't tell it was a dino . our dog loves to chew it and we hope its good for the teeth as it claims . we also have theNylabone Galileo Bone Dog Chew Toy , Wolfwhich is more robust .
 We have a Doberman/Lab mix - this thing has lasted a * long * time and it is his go-to chew toy . We have a few bones that have lasted long as well , but these are by far his favorite and used almost daily . Highly recommended , buying more for him for the holidays !
 Not only do my dogs love this chew toy , but our daughter 's dog does as well . We always have several of them around the house .
 the toy is excellent . my golden retriever is teething and this has been perfect for her.4-stars because product description is not accurate . picture showed T-rex , but i received a brontosaurus . no big deal but if there are multiple models the description should indicate which one you 're getting
 I decided to try this product after having previously bought the Nylabone Pro Action Dental Dog Chew with great results . I must say , so far so good . Although you are not given a choice to choose which dinosaur shape , my beagle/jack russell mix does not mind and loves her new stegosaurus ! Previous like products last about 2-3 months with the little dogs constant chewing and the occasional chomping from my Basset Hound .
 My dog Cotton is an aggressive chewer she could chew her way through anything within seconds & then she 's looking for something else to chew . She 's a 3yr old Coton de Tulear a rare breed which are in the bichon family My dog is very hyper & has nervous energy she does n't know what to do with , I thought getting her a chew toy would keep her busy for a while , but they did n't even last for a day . I went on line and read reviews from other 's reviews on different chew toys , when I read the reviews for this dinosaur chew and read their had the same issues my dog had and their dogs were a lot bigger & weighed more then my dog is small & weighs 15 lbs . I thought this chew would be a perfect chew toy & it would last for a longer period it has lasted & she is still chewing on it after 4 months . This is going to be a second dinosaur chew I am buying for her as a backup . She loves this toy and I would recommend this for those pet owners who have dogs who are heavy aggressive chewers this will last a long time . I love it and I save money & no longer need to buy any other chew toy but this dinosaur chew.Suzan Mesquite NV
 This dino bone has been a great chew toy . I 'm not so sure about the dental aspect . I have n't noticed any difference in the plaque buildup . It has saved some of the kid 's toys by keeping the dog busy so it was a good purchase .
 This is my dogs favorite toy . They have a lot , but this one just drives them crazy . I love the texture , it helps keeping their teeth clean .
 This dog toy has been a huge hit at my house . I just added a bulldog puppy to my family and if he is awake his teeth are constantly seeking something to sink into . This toy is hard enough to hold up but not so hard he loses interest . The irregular shapes are great for giving him multiple chew spots on this toy . This dinosaur has even brought out the puppy in my 8yr old mix that was never big on chew toys.Can ' t go wrong with this one !
 This is great for a heavy chewer . Long lasting and the dogs just love it . This is the second one we have purchased and it seems it will be the only one for while to come .
 With two pit-mix dogs , finding durable chew toys has been a challenge . They can demolish most toys marked as durable in a matter of minutes . They LOVE these dino toys . I think it may be the odd shape that makes these some of their favorites , but they seem to like gnawing down the various angles to these . These last several months before they become too small and are discarded . Any time we find one of these from under the couch that was long forgotten , they eye each other and run to steal the toy the second the other leaves it alone . These have become a regular purchase for us to keep our dogs happy , entertained , and chewing on the right things !
 Okay , I had to speak up . Hello , common sense and directions on toys . ONE -RRB- choose a toy that is large enough to encourage dogs to chew using their side/back teeth . You DO NOT want a toy that is small enough for dogs to use their front teeth or likely they will crack their front teeth , ect . So even if the toy says is is meant for large dogs , pay attention to how your dog chews on it . If they 're chewing with their front teeth , take it away and try the next size up . TWO -RRB- Yes , toys sometimes do say for powerful chewers . If your dog is tearing off large chunks of the toy , TAKE IT AWAY . DO NOT LET YOUR DOG KEEP IT THEN ACT SURPRISED THAT YOUR DOG IS HAVING DIGESTION PROBLEMS . Nylabone toys are meant for dogs to take off tiny slivers at a time , no bigger than a grain of rice . I do n't care what `` strength the chew toy is '' , if it 's not strong enough for you dog , take it away and try a larger/tougher toy.All of this is common sense , but in case that escaped you , it 's also on the directions .
 This is a great toy for dogs that chew up everything else . I have a little Cheagle -LRB- Chihuahua and Beagle mix -RRB- and she literally eats all her other toys . This is one of the only toys that she 's yet to destroy and she loves it ! She carries it around everywhere with her . I got the T-Rex and it 's the cutest thing : -RRB-
 My dog loves this little dinosaur !! I 'm going to buy more in different shapes too :-RRB- I def recommend this ! He 's a tough chewer and this lasted a long time .
 My dog LOVES this chey toy . She 's ALWAYS willing to sit down and relax with this chew toy when I pull it out for her .
 We have Scotties that are aggressive chewers , so there are n't many products safe enough to leave out on the floor for them while unattended . Of the ones that are safe , these dinosaurs are their favorites . And the ones that chew them the most have the cleanest teeth . We always have them on the floor .
 My pit loves to chew so I purchased this because it looked durable . It is very tough toy and I think it will last awhile compared to others I have purchased . The only thing I didnt like is that it has little `` nubs '' all over it which make his gums bleed , but that might not be the case with a less agressive chewer .
 I bought one of these to start and both my dogs loved it , so I bought another one so they did n't have to try and share one . I got lucky and actually ended up with two different styles of dinosaur . I love nylabone products and will probably put another dino in my amazon cart soon !
 Great for all dogs . They love them . I have one in almost every room . It prevents chewing on your stuff !
 My Frenchbull is only given nylabone 's to chew . He has had them since he was 7 weeks old . They are safe for him because he has a strong bite and they do n't break off in large pieces that he could choke on . The Dinosaur Chew is perfect because it has so many places to hold and bite . Dylabone is the only product I buy .
 I have the happiest pack of dogs in Florida . Dinosaurs make great chew toys , and my three love them . Every time the basset hound is let outside , I have to stop him and examine his mouth so he does n't sneak the toy outside where it would get lost .
 My 7 month old puppy loves this dinosaur chew . The texture is bumpy and helps massage his teething gums . Great product for the cost .
 I have a one and half year old Labrador Retriever that is still nuts . You probably know how desctructive a big dog can be . These take about two to three weeks until its at the point I need to just throw it away . My local SuperPetz used to carry these , and then they stopped . Here I am online buying them . My dog seems to prefer the shape of the Brontosaurus to the T-Rex . I think this because he will just chew on the T-Rex , but he actually plays with the Brontosaurus . Also , I have two other dogs that are older -LRB- around five -RRB- , and they wo n't touch these toys unless they are playing with the young Lab.Sidenote
 This is a favorite toy in our house ! It 's extremely durable and my dogs do not get tired of it . Well worth the money !
 This stuff is great for my poor old cat who has trouble chewing . I only wish there were more flavors specifically for seniors .
 My cat Foutchie is heading toward 5 now and no one told her the trouble with a kitten is it eventually becomes a cat -LRB- so take that Ogden Nash ! -RRB- . She still voom-voom-vooms around at a pace that makes me exhausted . She loves toys , especially stuff she chases . So the bubbles are great full . Especially since they are catnip bubbles . You do n't have the worry about them getting soap on them and making them sick . She love jumping high to pop them.So if you are looking for something to awaken the kitten in your kitty , you might try these .
 Length :
 My cat loves these bubbles . All I have to say is `` Do you want bubbles ? '' and she comes running out from wherever she may be hiding . She meows and pounces on the bubbles . I am giving them a rating of 4 though because they smell horrible . If they drip on anything white it will turn green , but can easily be cleaned with some water and a sponge !!!!
 My two cats were very interested when I opened the package , very interested in the wand , but when I blew the bubbles , they panicked and ran under the furniture . It took a few minutes for them to work up the nerve to come out and investigate , and they are still wary of touching or being touched by the bubbles , but they LOVE to watch . They investigate spots where the bubbles touched the floor , they maneuver around for the best spot to see the bubbles fall , and if I close the bottle and put it away too soon , they try to pull it off the shelf themselves.A previous reviewer brought up doubts about the authenticity of the catnip extract , but I suspect her kitty may be a connoisseur . This may not be the good stuff , but the bubbles are now off-limits in my apartment after 7:00 pm because fifteen minutes after bubbletime , my duo start ricocheting off walls.As for how the humans like it , I 've experienced no staining of furniture or rugs , but the smell IS pungent and will stick around . Whatever scented candle you use to cover the cat smell should do the trick .
 My male cat loves these bubbles , but he loves playing with bubbles anyway . My female just looks and occassionally bats at one of the bubbles . This formula makes LOTS of bubbles ! And it 's thick enough to get three sets of bubbles with one dip . This is sometimes a disadvantage because it seems to overwhelm my cat ! There is a slight smell , but it does n't really bother me -LRB- I 'm very sensitive to chemical smells -RRB- . I only gave 4 stars because I am not sure my cat is more attracted to these bubbles because of catnip . He does n't act the way he does with the herbal catnip ...
 I wanted a safe bubble product for my year old cats . I researched the various `` pet '' bubbles and decided on this one based on product size , cost , and reviews . I received in timely manner in a well packaged box with clear plastic covering the entire bottle . Naturally I smelled the product and did detect a slight spicy scent but a bit of a cleaning product smell as well . The bubble wand is standard as pictured . The bubbles produced are sized from 1 '' to about 3 '' in diameter . Just the right size for kitties to play with . They last a substantial amount of time without bursting and do not leave behind any residue that I have detected . I use them on an outside wood porch . Compared to store brand bubbles these are a bit pricey but find these are some of the best bubbles I have ever purchased and worth the price . Also , the ad states the size is 4 oz . but the bottle states it is 5 oz . I think this one bottle will last throughout the summer and fall season being used for a few minutes each day . My kitties loved playing with these and sometimes required hitting the bubble a couple of times before they burst . My one complaint is that this product is distributed by United Pet Group , Inc. in Ohio but the bottle states this product is made in China . I consider this product worth the cost and would definitely make a repeat purchase but will research for a product made in the USA first .
 My kitties love chacing bubbles , and it 's great exercise for them . But even though standard bubbles are labeled non-toxic , it bothered me that they were essentially ingesting soap . I really did n't know what it would do to their sensitive stomachs . So I was happy to find these which are created especailly for animals , and therefore safe to be licked up . The catnip is an added bonus ... again more motivation for them to move around and play -LRB- they 're currently on a diet and exercise program ... heh -RRB- . Fun toy !
 Just what the title says . What more can you say . I will buy again and again and again . Bubbles form just fine .
 This stuff is pretty cool . My cat seems to love it . My cat is one lazy fool but just blow some catnip bubbles in his face and suddenly he 's bouncin ' off the walls . Awesome .
 I got these because apparently , they 're on a top 5 list of must-have cat toys . So I decided to buy them for my 8-month-old kitten to play with -LSB- the bubbles , that is -- not the bottle . -RSB- At first , she was n't too interested in them . In fact , I was playing with these bubbles more than she was , but I finally managed to get her interested in them . Now she likes to swat at any bubble that gets close to her . She even likes to pop the bigger bubbles as I blow them ... that goofy little monster ... And I 'm taking her in to get spayed soon , and I hope that it wo n't negatively affect her personality . I still want her to be the whacky little goofball she is now .
 Length :
 I have two active kitties , both love to run top speed around the apartment -LRB- daily -RRB- , chase mylar balls , hunt bugs and jump after things . . . and of course , like catnip . My boy cat , Boo , is a bit pickier about what he plays with and looses interest after 10 or 20 minutes . My Poxie girl will play with anything and will play as long as you let her.Boo likes watching and chaseing the catnip bubbles but dislike it when they pop -LRB- because then he gets squirted with wet/cold liquid . . even if it 's tiny droplets -RRB- . Poxie walks into the shower and is n't as picky about getting her paws wet so she goes crazy for them . So , Poxie will play forever if you let her and Boo gives up after a while , which is normal habit with most toys anyway : -RRB- I adopted both of them from the pound -LRB- a year and half apart -RRB- and both were noted as being more skittish than `` normal '' . Both of them do n't like a whole flurry of bubbles drifting down on TOP of them and will startle or run away every once in a while . So , when we play and it 's been a while since I brought out the bottle , I start as low or eye level to them as possible -LRB- but do n't blow directly in their faces -RRB- until they get used to the bubbles.I 'm giving this four stars simply because the liquid `` may cause stains '' on carpet . So you might want to do a test swatch if you have really delicate fabrics . If your ` nip loving cat startles easily and does n't like water -LRB- not that bubbles popping really is that bad ? -RRB- then it 's probably not the toy for them . If they like floating feathers or things that kinda `` drift '' slowly down , then they might like this : D
 Pretty novel idea . Seems to be strong but not too strong so its not overkill when youre concerned maybe about a young cat like me .
 I actually bought this product for use by staff at a zoo . They 've discovered it 's not just some of their cats that respond to the bubbles . Their binturong goes absolutely nuts for them , too.And , yes , these bubbles are great fun for house cats , too .
 My cats really loved these ! I have some cute pictures and videos of them chasing them ! Adorable ! After they are done playing , they roll all over the carpet ! It 's a fun centerpiece when friends come over !
 These ducks have been our Jack Russells favorite toy for years . My local pet store does n't carry them anymore so I have purchased several online to keep a stash . They do have to be washed and occasionally a hole stiched up or a foot sewn back on , -LRB- he likes to shake them -RRB- but it 's worth it . He has a box full of other plush toys but this duck is his preference 9 out of 10 times . I will be sad the day that these ducks are no longer available , the joy they bring my dog is undescribable !!!!!
 The larger of our two mini-dachshunds , aka `` King of the Toys '' , absolutely loves this duck . He 's pretty rough with them , but they still last longer than any other plush toy he 's had . -LRB- We average about 2-3 ducks/year . -RRB- Washes well , easy to sew when he finally does make a hole , all around a great toy .
 Our dog loves this duck ! We got it for her for Christmas . It is fairly large , so works well for large dogs . Has a squeaker in the middle .
 This is a great size for our dog ! It 's about the same size she is ! She carries it around with her and then leaves it in her bed to wait for her return . Great squeaker ! This toy is a soft and cuddly companion and is holding up well . Besides , it 's SO cute !
 Let 's call a spade a spade . . our 4 lb . chihuahua uses the shaggy duck as masturbatory aid . She loves it ! Thing is the last one finally disintegrated and our little one got very ornery and irritable . We are all very happy to get the new duck in the mail .
 This is a well made toy and my dog loves it . The squeaker is of medium quality so it will probably stop working but my Penelope gets hours of comfort from her `` duck '' . She is now enjoying her 11th `` duck '' in six years . I have three in reserve for her future enjoyment .
 This is a good dog toy.My dog liked it and plays with it alot . My dog likes that it squeaks .
 I dont know what it is , but my dog is obsessed with these ducks . He adores them and it 's funny becuase they are the only dog toy he likes . He goes through them pretty fast because he likes to chew off the feet , but Amazon has the best price I 've seen thus far , so I can buy in bulk ...
 We have another toy by this company -LRB- Multipet -RRB- that our girl dog loves and is the only plush toy they have n't destroyed within 15 minutes . So I wanted another one for the boy dog . I ordered this one because of its large size and because it has very few `` pieces '' that could be ripped off . The dog loves it and it 's lasted over a month , even though it 's pretty disgusting from the slobber . He 's finally ripped a hole in it , but I just removed the stuffing and he still plays with it . I 've tried toys by other brands , but our dogs only seem to enjoy the ones from Multipet and they tend to last the longest .
 We bought one of these 9 years ago when my dog was a puppy . We have been replacing it as it wears out , buying many over the years . Glad we can still find it . Thanks for the fast shipping and easy transaction .
 My Boston Terrier has a lot of toys but this is her absolute favorite . I always keep a couple of these on hand so I can replenish her supply . She plays with them all day everyday . This is `` the '' toy and she loves it !!!
 This is my dog 's `` desert island '' toy . He got one when he was 3 mos old and at 5 years of age , it 's still his `` go to '' toy . He suckles it , uses it as a comfort blanket , and shakes it for fun . Other toys got destroyed but not this one ! Very soft and silky ; washes well ; highly recommended !
 This is the ultimate dog toy ! Very soft , good ` squeaker ' inside and brightly , &#34; Duckworth &#34; is well made and priced right !
 My dog loves this duck , yes he chews it up , pulls out all the stuffing , but i think thats how he likes it . This is the only stuffed toy he plays with after the fact that all the stuffing is gone . We had the first duck for four or five months until we had to throw it away ... and thar was due to the fact it got all muddy on a road trip and we could not let it back in the car . My dog snuggles with the duck . . he loves it !!
 My dog loves this toy . We have gone through several smaller versions of &#34; duckie &#34; through the years , but the larger one has held up very well .
 this was not to be my first pick - I purchased this in addition to something else to have as a backup . But this has turned in to my puppy 's favorite toy - where she goes - this duck goes . It has already been in the washer and dryer - washes well by the way , and I will purchase another one so she can have one while one is in the wash .
 Purchased this for our 8 year old stuffed animal collector Hailey the Farm Dog . Hailey is not a toy destroyer -LRB- quite the opposite -RRB- and while she has given Duckworth many a massive shake , she mainly appreciates the texture of the fur -LRB- good for licking and nurturing -RRB- and the ability to provide the perfect chin rest for naps ! Duckworth seems to be of excellent quality although we have not washed him so I can not give an opinion of how well he would hold up under those conditions . My suspicion is that Duckworth is NOT for a power chewer and we have taught our terrier to leave it alone : - -RRB-
 I have goldens and they love this duck to play with . they carry it for hrs at a time and it is easy to wash when needed . . best toy of the house .
 I received this toy about an hour ago via UPS . I got all excited in front of my Pug Dog , to see what he would do , he also got excited watching me take it out of the plastic wrapping.Well he could not wait and grabbed it before it was all the way out . When I did let go he went nuts over it . Now my dog is in no way deprived of toys he has a few large bags that I rotate . This little duck or should I say large duck is beautiful . It is solidly made and is just perfect . The squeaky does not work as well as I had hoped but I can replace that with not trouble I do it all the time . Not enough to take away a star.When my Buddy started to play with it I can tell how much fun it is , he even tossed it high in the air , that never happened before . They are both resting now , the playtime is over and it is lap time . Tomorrow will be another ducky day of play . I would not hesitate to recommend this toy to everyone ...
 My dog never keeps a filled dog toy for very long . He loved this one and had it for months until his &#34; cousin &#34; dog chewed a piece off . We are buying a new one .
 I have been using Cell-Sorb for my pet 's needs for 4-5 years now . I use this with a 50/50 blend of pine shavings for my pet snake . The real hero is the Cell-Sorb . The pine shavings are for two reasons : -LRB- 1 -RRB- When used without other substrate , the Cell-Sorb tends to compact over time -LRB- once it has been exposed to moisture , or after it breaks down from use -RRB- and requires a good stirring to break it up again . Pine shavings help it stay fluffier . This might not be necessary depending on your pet 's desire to burrow . I should note that the Cell-Sorb deteriorates much more slowly when left dry . -LRB- 2 -RRB- Pine shavings are a really cost-effective way to stretch out the life of your Cell-Sorb supply . Depending on your pets , you could make this bedding last anywhere from a month to six + months . For my snake , I can easily make it six months , providing I do n't let droppings accumulate and he does n't tip over his water dish.Like I said , the Cell-Sorb is the true hero here.Pros : - It really absorbs odors and moisture very well . Embarrassingly , it allows me to get a bit lazy between cage-cleanings , but I should really clean out the droppings more often . :-RRB- - Safe for pets . I do n't have to worry if my snake accidentally injests a little with his meal -LRB- same goes for the pine -RRB- - Not dusty -LRB- I would still suggest a scoop/dustpan method of transfer , vs dumping the bag out -RRB- - Neutral smell out of the box - Stores * VERY * well . I have made an opened 40lb bag go for a few years easy , with no sign of change from the day I opened it . - Made of recycled materials - Bio-degradable - Once the pet `` defecation '' has soaked in to the Cell-Sorb and thoroughly dried -LRB- can take a day or two , depending on how wet your pet 's droppings are -RRB- , the Cell-Sorb clings around the mess , making it easy to pick up with a cleanex and dispose , leaving the surrounding area untouched and clean . - It 's flushable ! : -RRB- Cons : - Hard to really think of any , but cost is probably the only thing that holds this product back a bit , but that 's why I go 50/50 with the much cheaper pine shavings . When I bought a 40lb bag on Amazon , I found a seller who got it to me for less than $ 1/lb -LRB- even with shipping -RRB- . While that was a good deal , an even $ 1/lb is a good and feasable trade for this product.A response to some other reviewers : Some reviewers complain and say this stuff smells bad . Notice that I said `` neutral smell OUT OF THE BOX . '' When you open the Cell-Sorb bag , you can detect of sort of smell . It 's not strong and certainly not offensive . Just a. . . well ... a smell . But once you get the Cell-Sorb in a cage , it does n't emit any odor . Also , I have seen other reviewers complain that it is rock hard like pebbles . I have a few responses to this . First , just give the Cell-Sorb a little bit of time to break in , and it will soften up as it wears in . Second , your pet does n't care . Any puppy , kitten , rodent , reptile , or bird that I can think of will not care . They will be very happy in their clean , dust-free cage/pen . Thirdly , this original firmness is a huge plus in terms of cleanliness because it likes to stay grounded , does n't fly all over the place , and it wo n't cling to your pets . Think of it like this ; which type of package would you rather unbox ? One filled with bubble wrap , or one filled with packing peanuts?Notes
 This product is fantastic and has tremendously helped my dog with her hip pain . Although Amazon 's service is easy to use , I have recently found out that they sell dog fight videos . I find this practice reprehensible and am appalled that Amazon would sell videos of an illegal and cruel activity . I will not buy any more products from Amazon while they continue this practice and I urge all animal lovers to do the same .
 Our four legged friend began to limp so we visited our vet . He recommend this product and I have to say within two weeks the limp was gone . I now add a dash to his morning meal everyday for maintenance . One time I ran out and tried another highly touted brand and it was useless . I threw it away when my Syno product arrived . I would positively recommend using this product . It 's simply the best , hands down .
 shipping was really good , and i got what i ordered on time . will buy from again , alittle pricy but my little dog likes them .
 Very nice gemstones . Gorgeous color . Awesome decorative effect . Can be used in almost anything but works best in clear containers .
 My parrot had many pin feathers , dusty looking feathers . This product was recommended by the avian veterinarian . I add it to his drinking water . It has made a remarkable difference -- he feathers are shiny and healthy . No more pin feathers . I highly recommend this supplement . Nothing else has worked like this .
 This bird product `` Nekton Labs Bio-Feather Grow '' can range greatly in price but I got a real good deal at Amazon . I would recommend this be the first place to shop .
 I have used this product a few times . It is now sold and packaged in a blue box as Fluval Clearmax by Hagen.When it was Green-X / Phos-X , the media bags were long and thin . With the new packaging they fit the canister filters much better as they are now shaped square.The product seems to work well enough for me for my marine tank . I have to condition tap for my water changes.It is difficult to say whether or not there is a real reduction in nitrate . My param seems to remain steady at the low end with regular water changes , but who knows what it would be if I was n't using it at all?I acquired fish with closed operculum gills . I wrote to Hagen to ask about the iron content to see if it would be okay for my fish because of the type of gills they have , to which they responded it contains ferric oxide ; not okay to use for fish of that type.I am having to switch to a brand that will not harm my species of fish . -LRB- Regular ChemiPure or PhosBan using ferric oxide hydroxide -RRB- . While I used this product , I had no complaints . The price was very good compared to other adsorbents and algae remained under control .
 I really like it and makes my smaller dog so fresh ! My big guys it does n't agree with his coat smells funny .
 I have a lot of cat toys , feather toys , plush toys , pole toys with feather attachments - but this attachment is the bar none favorite of both of my cats . Put this on the end of the Feline Flyer wand I have my cats complete attention . Dangle it and I get both of them leaping and stalking for as long as I have energy . Absolutely love it !
 These are the best ! My cats love these attachments for their fishing pole toy and will play with them for hours on end .
 My Newfoundland is 8 years old , has had 2 knee surgeries , & suffers from arthritis . I have tried dozens of joint supplements over the years . This is the first one that has clearly made a difference . He is playing more , walking more freely & generally enjoying life . I would recommend Connectin to any dog or horse owner whose critters have joint problems .
 This is a product that I have been using for a year-and-a-half now for my 8 year old/35 pound dog 's joint condition . My veterinarian and I have tried several possible remedies to help a joint condition that resulted from a leg injury , and this is part of the settled regimen that obviously provides relief from pain , increases her joint flexibility , and makes it easier for her to get the exercise she needs -LRB- we have her on a special diet , this product , another veterinary over the counter glucosamine supplement , an omega-3 supplement , and a prescription nsaid -RRB- . This product is delivered in a 150 tablet plastic container . Each tablet provides 500mg of glucosamine -LRB- derived from shellfish -RRB- , 250mg of mucopolysaccharides -LRB- a bovine source of chondroitin sulfate and hyaluronic acid -RRB- , and 9 vegetable and herbal supplements that are thought to promote healthy joints -LRB- yucca root , nettle leaf , alfalfa extract , devil 's claw extract , celery see , black cohosh root , ginger root extract , tumeric extract , and cayenne pepper -RRB- . The tablets are chewable and flavored to appeal to canines - i break the pill in half and my dog happily takes each half of the pill from my open palm before her afternoon meal.This merchant provided excellent service
 i bought this to make some minor modifications to a old rabbit cage for my pet rats and this helped me do so easy to use and not hard on your hand so no blisters !!!! good product
 The 1st time i used it i could tell this stuff works.my horse horse gets so inchyFrom the flys . I would give her a bath with this 2times a week with the shampoo and she loved it.and stoed inching so much
 These are one of my dogs favorite treats . Great treat when your on a trip with your pups . Will def . buy more in the future .
 First Impression
 Very cute tag . I was looking for something that was n't too `` girlie '' and would n't fall apart quickly . This fit the bill . The only drawback is that the metal gets a slight grey tinge and does not stay shiny .
 I have a 12 yr old lab who for the last five years or so has had hot spots , ear infections , a dull , thinning , coarse coat with constant shedding , hot spots and episodic vomiting . I tried IAMS , Eukanuba and other high priced foods . The vet said cook eggs , boil hamburg , try hypo-allergenic shampoos , even steroids . No change . I fell upon this at Walmart and began using it 8 months ago . She looks great ! Her coat especially is thick & soft & huggable . No more hot spots , no ear problems , and she 's even welcome in our bed again . The only time she vomits is when I cheat and give her table foods . I even think her hearing is improved .
 My mix-breed lab suffered from terrible skin problems , especially in his ears , for 2 years . After a lot of money spent at the vet , we finally identified his problems as food related allergies . Tried all the expensive `` over the counter '' foods from pet stores ... nothing worked . THe only thing I could feed him was either lamb or venison based food I bought from the vet at a ridiculous premium . I saw this at Walmart and decided to give it a try . My dog has been loving it for 2 years and is in better health than ever . All skin problems gone . Also , on the positive side , it seems to make more compact poop ... less to pick up -LRB- yay ! -RRB- . I strongly encourage anyone with a food sensitive pet to give this stuff a try . Price is high , but reasonable compared to high-end foods . Also , we have had good luck with Natural Life cat food for adult cats . Poop is much less stinky than with other foods -LRB- Iams , vet food -RRB- .
 Our bulldog has eaten natural life food since she was a puppy and she loves it . We believe it helps her maintain a good weight and be very active . It does n't have fillers you will find with most dog foods .
 Shortly before Thanksgiving last year , my 7 year Staffordshire 's health took a turn for the worst . His liver was inflamed , he was going in the house and could not keep food down . Actually , he had been throwing up his food for years . His dad went the same was just 2 years earlier and I could n't bear the though of putting him down . So I was on a quest to save his life and Christmas . We took off the commercial dog food and I started cooking for him a mix of brown rice , ground meat , veggies , eggs , & oatmeal . He loved it and started to get better within a few days , slowly but surely . I also added a daily supplement of brewer yeast , wheat germ and kelp with a little milk thistle to help with the liver . He really started to put the weight back on and a tablespoon of olive oil was great for his coat . As you can imagine , this can get very time consuming but in those early days it was worth . Well I discovered Natural Life in Wal * Mart and both dogs -LRB- got another puppy last year -RRB- do very well on it . When my budget allows , I buy 2-3 bags at a time . last week we gave them the regular stuff and the loose stools came back almost immediately . I am going to grab a couple of bags tonight after work . This is the only thing I will feed my dogs from now on .
 At the recommendation 7 years ago by our dog trainer , we started using the Natural Life dog food . Our dogs have never been overweight and their coats and health have been excellent . Although it is a little more expensive than grocery store dogfood , it is well worth every penny we spend . We wo n't feed our dogs anything else .
 I have a 3 year old lab mix who was constantly itching and scratching and had a dull , coarse coat despite eating only high-end dog food . Then 2 summers ago she developed a huge hot spot and lost all the hair on her back end ! I tried her on this food and it worked AMAZINGLY well . No more itching , beautiful shiny coat . When all the stores around here stopped carrying it , I tried her on some other single-protein/single-carb foods , some even more expensive than this brand , but her itching returned . This is the only food for my dog , even if I have to pay shipping to get it ! I also agree with some of the other reviewers , makes for fewer , less stinky poops , and she does n't eat as much of this food as she does many others .
 I highly recommend this product . I have two Rottweilers who have been on Lamaderm since they were puppies . My male dog had skin allergies which is what prompted me to try this food in the first place . Both my dogs now have beautiful shiny coats and really like the food .
 We breed and show collies and tried Lamaderm because it was one of the few dog foods that does not contain eggs or peanuts - and we had a child who had just been diagnosed with severe allergies . Our dog population is typically 10 to 15 dogs and in nearly 3 years , we have never had a dog that would not eat this food . Everybody loved it and chowed down . Great product .
 This is a very high quality dog food and my dogs do very well on it . We had gone through so many very expensive dog foods and recommendations and still our dogs would have problems w/loose stools and/or hot spots and itching , etc. . This is the only thing we will feed our dogs now and I highly recommend it !
 I had tried all kinds of different dog foods for my Akita , and English Bulldog . The Engllish Bulldog had tear stains with the other brand dog foods , but not with Lamaderm . My Akita eats anything , but I feel she is getting better nutrition with Lamaderm , and she has no skin problems , and no loose stools . They look forward to mealtime everyday since I 've been buying this brand dog food . Hope they continue to make it for many years to come !
 My Australian Cattle Dog mix -LRB- Sydney -RRB- is 9 years old and has suffered with terrible allergies for the last 8 years . She has constant terrible dandruff , sores , hair loss on her face , ear problems , itching , scratching , diarrhea , and vomiting . We have tried different allergy foods consistantly for years , nothing has really made a diference . She always ends up on prednisone and some steroid shots . I bought this food out of curiosity . So far I noticed she is in love with it . Her behavior is a little bizarre . Normally she simply is n't very interested in her food . She loves this food , it is very obvious that this food tastes great . I ca n't wait to see if it make 's a difference with her allergies .
 Our Lhasa Apso has always had sensitive tummy . After he developed food intolerance to another brand , we switched to NL Lamaderm -LRB- a non-allergenic formula -RRB- , and he 's been doing great on it for several years . Not only his stomach problems are gone -LRB- as long as he stays on his diet -RRB- , but his coat also improved - so soft , fluffy and shiny , no smells or shedding . We used to buy Lamaderm at our local Whole Foods , but they do n't carry it anymore :--LRB- .
 We adopted our puppy from a friend 's daughter who could n't keep her at college and my friend sent along a box of Mr. Pugsley 's Peanut Butter Biscuits when we picked her up . It is her favorite and is so healthy too ! I could n't find them locally so ordered them online before I ran out . She heads to her crate at night when she hears me get a biscuit out of the box !
 My dog goes crazy for these treats . At least twice a day she howls at the box until we give her one . She has never done this for any other type of treat .
 My dog does n't ordinarily like dog biscuits . She has a small mouth , and the treats are difficult to chew . Mr. Pugsley 's biscuits are crunchy on the outside , but softer inside . This makes it easier to eat , and the peanut butter flavor is a bonus .
 My Daughter and our bunny really enjoyed the color . It appeared to be very absorbant . We will diffinitely purchase again
 I got this bedding for my gerbils when I 'm over at a friend 's house and its just as you see in the stores . I got the blue one and the packaging was in great condition and the gerbils loved it.Its a great bedding for your gerbils or other pets its safe with if you would like a fun twist or matching with the surroundings .
 I recently purchased this product and I am very pleased my hedgehog loves it and it 's very fun and whimsical !!! I would recommend this product to anyone with a small animal!Scooter
 great product . keeps my mice 's habitat clean and dry . also great for my mice 's lungs because there is n't much dust . my mice love to move the bedding around too , so this is great for that.the color is my favorite and complements the mice 's habitat . great stuff .
 Turquoise Carefresh Pet Bedding does a really good job of absorbing odors , but the white pet bedding is the best . I ordered the white when they were out of the turquoise , and found that it lasts longer and performs better . The turquoise costs less , but does n't last as long . The brown pet bedding is not worth buying , in my opinion . We have two rabbits .
 This bedding works perfectly for my son 's hamster , because he loves it . The rabbit has a different opinion of it , though . The rabbit refuses to use it , and throws it out of the cage .
 I have purchased the blue and the brown . . seems that the brown color has a very `` different '' scent than the blue . . Blue has no oder at all . . love this stuff . . I have a guinea pig , rather large , and I only have to change the cage 1 time weekly . . after price shopping Amazon , they have had the best price !
 This is the first carefree bedding product I have tried for my two gerbils ' large glass tank . I use it on one side of the tank where their bed , hut -LRB- s -RRB- , and gerbil wheel are and the side with their food , dust box and other toys I just put down a lot of cardboard paper for them to do what they may with . I 'm not sure how much better this carefree stuff does with preventing odors , but I like its feel better than wood shavings . It takes up more volume and seems more comfy for the gerbils . The color is nice -LRB- although you can see more poop in it haha -RRB- and when they mix cardboard into it it really stands out , but I 'm definitely going to buy more when this lot runs out . Maybe in a different color though , like in confetti . Then when they mix other stuff into their bedding it wo n't be so noticeable .
 I used this for my two chinchillas . It would last about 4 days to a week , depending on the water intake my chins had .
 I ordered Wednesday -LRB- 8/24 -RRB- and got today -LRB- 8/27 -RRB- . Fastest delivery of anything I 've ordered.My hamster loves carefresh bedding.Only bedding I will use.Kipper 's Vet also recommends carefresh bedding .
 The bunny loves this stuff . He likes to eat it , poo in it , and burrow/nest in it . It 's odor absorbent and easy to clean up . The only complaint I have with this as opposed to using something like wood chips is you ca n't take it outside and clean/hose down the cage and expect it just to be `` mulch '' like material .
 I like this because it is easy to put on and take off -- and it is flexible for when I want to let my pooch off leash but not take off the harness . It helps a little with pulling but is no magic contraption.I like it for my older pup who I am not trying to train but want to keep from choking herself on a walk , but I gave it four stars because it does n't stop pulling like it claims .
 It 's not all that silent but it sure lasts a long time . An 8 hour blackout , no problem . . all specimens survived in the salt water tank ! Sweet ...
 I bought this since I live in Florida and the storms that come through here can leave people with no power . At first I had my doubts about this . So this is what I think of it.Pros
 This product does exactly what it says it does . It is a good system for an emergency aquarium pump that cuts on automatically when the power cuts off . Very convenient when it happens while you are at work or away from the house . Some have said this model makes a lot of noise , but I do not think the fish will complain that they are getting airflow in an emergency . The noise is not that loud , IMO , and it can be muffled if placed inside a cabinet , such as those that most aquarium stands have . It takes two D batteries , not included . The tubing that comes with the product is only about 12 inches in length , so for my system , that was inadequate . But it accepts standard tubing that you can purchase at your local pet store . For a few bucks you can get about 6 ' of tubing .
 In the 18 months I 've had my current aquarium I 've had two blackouts and this product has saved my fish each time . I 've had no loss of life while it 's been the sole source of aeration . I ca n't confirm the manufacturer claimed 48 hour run time because I 've never had to run it that long . But it definitely runs at least 8 hours in my experience with no signs of slowing down , and with fresh batteries I do n't doubt it would run an additional 40 . It will automatically detect a power outage and turn itself on , so you do n't need to be there to activate it -LRB- just make sure the power switch is always set to `` on '' -RRB- . You plug its power cord into an outlet and that is how it detects a loss of power . But the power cord neither powers the unit , nor can it charge the batteries . This is strictly a battery-operated back-up system and is not intended to be an everyday air pump . The supplied air line is absurdly short for most applications , so be sure to pick up your own . Also be sure to purchase and insert a back flow preventer -LRB- not included -RRB- into the air line to prevent water from flowing back into the pump , which will destroy it . I gave this product 4 stars instead of 5 because it is absurdly loud , which is unacceptable in an era where most manufacturers have found a way to make these things whisper quiet . How loud is it ? Even if you put this thing in a cabinet , if your aquarium is in your bedroom you would never be able to sleep . Despite that one complaint , every aquarium owner should have one of these . I consider it as essential as having a heater and filter.EDIT
 We live in NC and hurricanes and outages happen frequently here . We also like to travel for 5-10 days at a time . While we have someone watch our SW tank we ca n't expect them to fire up the generator if the power goes out while we are gone . I plugged this into an outlet , ran some tubing into a suction cup air stone in the tank -LRB- I used a check valve -RRB- and voila ! I was safe -LRB- r -RRB- from power outages . The air flow is surprisingly good , even through a check valve.Note
 I live in a area where power can go out for long period of times . I have had this for a while now and have seen it work . It turns on instantly when the power goes out , even if the power only flickers . It works well , but it is extremely loud . I 'm giving it a 4 due to the noise .
 This is the second one I 've purchased . We did have a power outage during the winter in which we lost power for almost 3 days . This worked great to say the least . I have a battery back-up system but with no power there is not a way to recharge it so when it went dead these keep running because all you have to do is replace the D cell batteries which I did n't have to do ... very efficient !!! It can be a little noisy when it is running but definitely something you can live with as it is only temporarily . You wo n't be sorry owning this product !!!!
 Got the pump last week , lost power over the weekend for 6 hours , cut on automatic , good because I was n't home . Only con is a little noisy . Short period , not a issue.Solved my problem .
 This is a wonderful air pump . I bought it because my office at work was going to have the power turned off to it for an 8 hour window . As we all know we never have any idea when that 8 hour window is going to start just the day . Well the day was yesterday so I checked in on it about mid day to make sure the battery lasted which it did.You get a great amount of air out of it with the included air stone which I did n't know it would come with.The battery lasted all day and did what I expected.I do have one complaint or maybe two but the last one was not important to me . The first complaint is the power plug that it has on it to sense electrical power is smaller then most plugs so it fits loose in the power outlet.The other thing which did n't matter to me but might to some . There is nothing silent about this air pump . It is very loud but if you want something that will automatically turn on in the event of a power outage and last at least a day I think you would really like this pump .
 Does exactly what it claims to ... Minus the silent part , It is actually very loud compared to other air pumps that I own , However it is a battery backup for my tank , So I am very happy with it !
 just recieved this pump and hooked it up and it works great.its a little loud but not that bad really.it came with a airstone and little bit of air hoses.in my case was enough.i hooked it up to a 4 value.mine has a ouput/input on the the other end for another air pump in which is what im doing.i used a check valve between the 4 valve and silent air b11so air from the main pump cant get to the silent air b11.the check valve will stop it because the air will only only flow one way.when the lights goes out the main pump will quick and the silent air b11 will come on auto.when the lights come back on the silent air b11 will cut off.my main air pump will start back running the two tanks.the silent air b11 will work my two tank too but air isnt quite as strong but i think its enough.not sure how the battery life is yeti will let you know when i find out.i hope it will be a while.i also planning on using it to tranfer fish from the store to home.i rated it a 5 because its does everything its said it would .
 I got this pump in case the power goes out and my fish will be able to survive . I have n't had the opportunity to use it as yet , but I am ready . It looks like it will work very well .
 I bought this as a life insurance plan for my fish . Ha ha . Just in case we lost power . Well unfortunately we got hit by hurricane sandy , and my fish stayed alive for days without power because of this product . If you love your fish , this is a must to have !
 Quiet , reliable air pump . Great buy for the money ! Compact and easy toset up and use . This is my second one purchased . The first one DID NOT fail ... I accidentlly got water inside and that pretty much ruined it .
 So far this product has been great . I unplugged it and turned it on to make sure it works . It worked great . I thought the noise level was fine . I was n't able to check how long it runs before the battery runs out . I heard it was roughly 7-8 hours . Thanks
 This stuff is AMAZING ! I have 2 dogs that were on a topical flea & tick prevention treatment that stopped working . I live in Florida and the fleas were ridiculously bad this spring , early summer . I could not get my dogs to the vet for 2 weeks as no appointments were available . Well , needless to say within 3 days my house was infested with fleas . They got so bad that if you walked around in white socks , it looked like someone poured a jar of black pepper on them . I got the Siphotrol . You got ta love next day delivery , and applied per the directions on the container . In 10 mins the number of fleas that could be seen was reduced to almost nothing , 30 mins later not one flea could be found alive . Dogs were put on a medication for flea and tick prevention 11 days later , still no fleas after applying the siphotrol and before they were put on new medication . Never even had to re-apply . Its been over 7 months an I can proudly report have not seen one flea anywhere . This stuff is amazing !!!!! A must have for any owner of a pet that goes outdoors !!!!
 Fantastic ! We got hit hard with fleas . They were everywhere . Tried several other flea sprays , that did n't even slow them down . One can of this did the whole house and like magic they were gone ! If you have a problem , try this first .
 I have used this product since ... 1993 !!!! It is so perfect and safe . And , it does n't just kill fleas , it kills those `` ladybug '' imposters -LRB- spray it along the sides of your windows when they 're open -RRB- , spiders , moths , etc. with no harm to myself or the cats . This spray is one of my BFFs !!!
 Great product for a great price . Took care of flea problem very easily and alot cheaper then having professionals come out or bombing house . Plus dont have to leave house for hours after spraying . Strongly recommend .
 i have used this particular product for the past 30 years -LRB- yes really -RRB- . used to be you could only find it at a vets office . now the vet carries something else , and i did n't want to take a chance when i know this product works . it works great on ridding a house of fleas . also has the side benefit of ridding a house of lots of other crawly things you might not even know you have ! just be sure to keep animals and people out for at least a couple of hours after you use it . fumes are fairly strong when you spray , but after it has had time to dry completely , you get a scent sort of like mild black pepper smell . not chemical or bad at all.just be sure to use flea treatment or something on the cats and dogs at the same time , to get all the current adult fleas and all the flea eggs and larva . one application will get you through the whole summer .
 Purchased this from my vet for quite a bit more . We had a bad flea infestation last summer , and this is the only thing I tried that worked to get rid of the buggers . Worked so good , I have n't seen a flea since , without reapplying .
 Siphotrol Plus II Premise SprayThis spray is expensive compared to what you can find on the shelf , but the results are worth the extra cost . It contains higher concentrations of the active ingredients than the usual commercial brands and this seems to make the difference in effectiveness . One caution
 As I recall , this could only be purchased through a vet for years . Now that Siphotrol is generally available to the public , all I can say , it works . Siphotrol Plus II works better than anything you can purchase in a box store . Siphotrol kills the fleas , the larvae , and the eggs . Vacuum thoroughly and spray . Be sure to spray behind and under furniture . Once infested with fleas , eradication is a multi-front approach in my opinion but it is possible to clean out the nasty parasites . Just a matter of patience , persistence and vigilance .
 Fast delivery and exactly the product I wanted . I plan to order again when needed . I have used this product in the past and it works great .
 Have used this product in the past and found it to be the best for defeating fleas.Anyone having problems with an infestation should give this a try .
 Used once and have had little notice of fleas present . However , my cat has been on the between the shoulders stuff that works great and is an inside cat and it is cold weather now . I am convinced that it does the job and family reports it definitely worked well at their house and that was why I ordered from Amazon . Have at least one more application for my house remaining in the can and will use with warmer weather as needed . No odor problems and no reason to believe it caused any harm to my cat -LRB- following instructions -RRB- and seems to work as claimed .
 Very pleased with the product that I received and would definitely buy it again and would recommend it to others .
 This and this only was recommended by my cat 's vet to kill fleas around the house in conjuntion with Front - : Line Plus . It 's worked each time I 've used it . Pricey , but Amazon 's price is better than other sources .
 I didnt have much hope for this as it has taken a whole year of sprays and vacuuming everything daily plus washing the cat - not an easy task ! and brushing -LRB- cat was from a &#34; home &#34; shelter -RRB- I do n't believe I would purchase one again from someones home . BUT
 Siphotrol is quick , easy and does the job with no fuss . Even the customer service listed on the can willassist you with any concerns . I highly recommend it !
 Thanks for the quick shipments . I have been purchasing this stuff for 3 years now . It works . When a bug bomb does n't . You do n't have to hassle covering everything like a bomb , or cleaning stuff off after . Just spray in areas or rooms needed .
 I am impressed as it works well and lots better than foggers I have bought in the past , As they say you get what you pay for
 One application and the fleas were gone . I had been battling the problem for over a month and an employeed at our local Lowe 's recommended it . Unbelievably great result .
 I love Vet Kem products . My cats are indoor only . I also rescue rats and have 2 three toed box turtles . This last for way over a month.for bird mites and other insects that may get inside . The rats especially get bothered by mites.Easy to use . It dries in less than an hour and then the turtles can walk on the sprayed carpet or areas.Vet Kem suggested Gentrol to me . It is a birth control for insects which last at least 3 months and prevents population rise.Works with carpet beetles and larvae.love vet kem products . Hard to find except on line due to all the topicals . I would not be without a can .
 Our vet also recommended this . I do n't like spraying chemicals in our house , but this was a good year for fleas . It seemed to help . Only used one can , but bought another just in case !
 Great Product it works and we do not have to reaply very often and good service would recomend to othersEd
 Really wipes out the fleas but be aware of the inital smell , Very strong , make sure you remove all pets people and open windows for a few hours before re-entering , great for spot control also ! If you have an infestation consider this product . I always keep K9 Advanticks on my dog and they still got fleas somehow but this wiped them out and they havent come back even with no flea treatments .
 Absolutely wonderful product . A must for people with pets . My family thinks it 's great . I spray the furniture and carpeting with it and I have n't had a problem with fleas . Will purchase again
 I purchased this since it was an aerosol and I knew the product worked well . This order came and the lid was missing . The seller was very nice and sent a new one right away . The first shipment came a few days before expected and then the new one was fast as well . I am very pleased with this purchase .
 My poor dogs and cats got fleas so after treating them my roomate was noticing periodic fleas in the carpet througout the house and bites on her legs . We treated the house with Siphotrol and the problem was quickly over with . Would recommend this to anyone with a similar problem .
 This is a great bubbler that aerates the water terrifically , but it 's hard to keep down . I 've put it under the small rocks and it comes free in a couple of days , so now I put a heavy rock on it 's air tube , or a bury it under a heavy aquarium decoration with holes in it . Either one works fine , but it 's tricky to set up .
 This air stone is excellent for the price . It puts out a nice circle of air bubbles , if that 's what you are looking for .
 Puts out a ton of bubbles and works well but the fact it floats all over the place is why I 'm giving this 4 stars . Also make sure you soak it for 15 minutes before pumping air like it says.I bought 2 the first one I went ahead and just used it with my pump and it doesnt put anywhere near as many bubbles out as the one I let soak
 I am using several of these for my Aquaponics garden 300 Gallon fish tank . I just have them laying over the side of the tank on the bottom about 4 feet deep . The amount of air seems to be just what I needed for my size tank any the 45 Lph air pump . Only drawback is they do in fact float on the one side . This is n't really a problem for a tank like mine but I can see it being a problem for a home aquarium unless you weigh it down . I noticed there is a spot on the back about the size of a dime that you could actually put in a couple of fishing weights in and then seal it with silicone over the top . That should keep it down and I might do that if it later causes a problem .
 this item was alright altough i accidently drop it on the floor but this product had made lots of big bubbles
 i looked at all the other reviews and thought im going to buy this . . i opened it and found that there was no air tube -LRB- you have to buy it separately -RRB- i was a little disappointed at this but dont get me wrong . . its still a really good product especially for the price !
 I hooked this air stone up to a 100 ga Whisper air pump along with the 48 '' flexible air tube . This puts out an enormous amount of bubbles for its size . I actually had to crimp the tube a bit to reduce the amount of air because the bubbles it was producing were dislodging my plecos from their perches under a stump . Definitely worth the purchase and it makes for an amazing show of bubbles under any decorations or amongst plants .
 I ordered this bubble disk at the same time I ordered one of those long rod bubble stones that sticks to the tank . This bubble disk has lasted much longer . It 's still bubbling while the other has given up the ghost . Only down side is that it wo n't lay flat at the bottom of my tank . My fish keep removing any rocks I use to anchor it down . -LRB- I 've got large gold fish . -RRB- But even so , it does not come to the top of the tank . It stays at the bottom , just not flat .
 I have a 75 gallons tank and wanted to give it better oxygenation , so I started looking for an aerator . I had to think a lot before deciding which size to get , and in the end I bought the 3 '' one . As others said , it produces an enormous amount of bubbles for its size , and it 's perfect for my vertical aquarium , so considering its power , you might as well consider that the size is utterly important , depending on the size of your tank ; I believe the 3 '' will work great for 100-gallons-and-less aquariums.The only disadvantage is that it needs some weight to stay down , I had to tie it to the bottom . Besides that , it 's perfect , and having it for a week with 6 ten-inches goldfishes who usually make a mess everywhere , it was pretty much clean .
 This little airstone 5 '' is wonderful for my koi ponds and smaller 90 gallon aquariums . I use drilled slate disk from the fish store to anchor the air stone any place I want , they are cheap , and sold for anchoring plants . I just run the airline through the hole and drop the airstone any place I want in either ponds or tanks , and believe me without the slate disk , these airstones would be moved around by my koi . Thanks for carrying a great product !
 I put these into 1 gallon bubble buckets and they performed GREAT!Lots of bubbles ! They do not have weights though , so they float around a lot . No biggie for farmers but fish people might not like it .
 This thing puts off lots of bubbles . I burried it in the stones in the bottom of the tank , and it works perfectly . No surprises .
 I love how much bubbles it makes and how effective it is ! It 's pretty easy to use . The only downside is that , when you accidentally pull it out of the gravel , it 's kinda hard to bury it down again unless you soak your hands inside the aquarium . Digging through the gravel just to bury this -LRB- again , especially when you just barely did a partial water change -RRB- sometimes makes the water so cloudy . But all in all , it 's a great aerating disk ! It does n't bother my fish at all .
 Purchased 2 of these for a 55 gallon aquarium . They work well and provide plenty of bubbles in the aquarium , it gives a wonderful look , yet provides a great function ,
 I have a 46 gallon bow front aquarium with South American cichlids . This aerator creates a wonderful bubble blast behind my main center ornament . The 3.25 inch disc is quite large , I would recommend it for larger tanks . Smaller tanks may be overwhelmed with bubbles
 Adds plenty of air to the tank and makes for a cool display . The plants in my tank are thriving since putting this in as well .
 I ordered these to use in a deep water culture hydroponic application . They produce a good flow of bubbles , but will vary depending on size of air pump . Heavy enough to stay put and wont float in my buckets . UPDATED . After a summer of growing awesome cherry toms these stones held up to roots and nutrients . Amazing roots like spaghetti noodles , I definitely attribute this to good air flow in the buckets . I put one in my Aquarium after and I like the bubbles and so do the fish .
 Was looking for something to go in my tank and fill it with bubbles . I put this in a six gallon round tank . It works wonderful . It sits under the decorations and fills them with bubbles -LRB- which all come out a hole in the roof of the building in the bottom -RRB- . This is a great way to get some bubbles in your tank .
 seems to be working well , have n't had to clean or move the unit . hoping not to have to mess with cold water this winter
 This makes nice bubbles when attached to an air pump . But ... it is very difficult to get it on the bottom of the tank . Getting it under the gravel is a 2 handed operation . I have shallow gravel , and every time I vacuum , I wind up placing this thing again . Clear out an area on the bottom free of gravel , then hold it down and cover it over with gravel again , making sure none gets under it . It could use a suction cup or a weight .
 My kitten luv these treat . I think Temptation treats and Pounce are a tie . I like that the treats are soft because my kitten is 6 months . She still have baby teeth . I taught her how to sit with treats . But she seems more eager to obey my commands using Bounce .
 My old cat has always loved this name brand of cat treats . I recently adopted a new cat and he loves them just as much as my older cat . If they hear the treats move inside the case at all , they will come running , even if you 're just putting the treats up . They beg for them and will become your new best friend if you have them in your hand . My older -LRB- who is n't really a people person -RRB- will even befriend you long enough to get a few treats out of you . She even finds them sitting on the counter or bedside table and will knock them in the floor and try to open the lid . -LRB- thank goodness its cat proof -RRB- I love these treats because they make my babies happy !
 I always bought these at Food Lion and they stopped selling them . My cat loves these treat and I get them in Tuna , Caribbean Catch and Seafood .
 My cat loves these treats . If ever I ca n't find her in the house , I just pop the top and she bolts out of wherever she was hiding to come get a treat . She does n't like crunchy treats much , so these are perfect for her . I 've given her all three flavors and she seems to like them all equally . They do tend to dry out by the time I near the end of the bottle , however . The flip-top lid is very handy . Very nice , inexpensive kitty treats .
 My cat loves these treats . I wish there was a hairball treat with salmon flav . cause my cat is alergic to chicken food/flav .
 We bought a house that reaked of cat urine . We had to tear up all the carpet and padding and them we used a paint roller brush to coat the subfloor with urine-off . It worked like a charm . We let it dry over a couple of days and then put down new padding and carpet and you could never tell their were cats in the house that had a urine problem . Better yet , we have 2 cats that we worried would be able to smell the old urine and start urinating everywhere trying to mark their territory . That never happened ! So this stuff works great . I use it on everything that my cats pee on . Once they peed on my sofa and I used this and had it professionally cleaned and you ca n't tell they peed on it at all . Great product ! Well worth the money !!!!
 This stuff is very expensive.Therefore , you need to understand what is does and why you use it . It is NOT a general pet deodorizer , and it 's NOT all you need to use.YOU MUST USE THIS STUFF FIRST , BEFORE YOU DO ANYTHING ELSE ABOUT THE STAIN.What Urine-off does that other products do not do is chemically react with the crystalline structures of urine that adhere powerfully to all surfaces , whether floors of walls . It 's enzymatic work is to break the bonds of these crystalline structures . And that is pretty much it!Nothing else that I know of actually does that . Once you have used urine-off properly , go ahead and use some cheaper deodorizer and cleaning stuff
 I have used a number of different products including the most popular brands on the market . Urine Off is the best odor remover I have found . When I apply it to a urine stain however , I put a piece of plastic over the stain after the Urine Off treatment and leave it there for a couple of days . I found that by doing this , the Urine Off has more time to work on the spot . I got a new Shih Tzu puppy and thought she was completely house broken . I was wrong and when the carpet in our exercise room started to smell , I took a black light to the carpet and found out why . After using the Urine Off the smell is gone .
 Product works as advertised . I would recommend purchasing a black light to find not so obvious potty locations .
 Urine-off for dogs is great ! We have a Jack Russell terrier & a chihuahua & when we moved into a new house with carpet from an old house with tile , the dogs did n't know what hit them -- they thought that this was a great thing to pee on ! Nothing I could find would get the smell & color out of the carpet . Then I found Urine-off . It is really nice . You just blot up the pee . Then you get your sprayer & spray the area until it 's saturated ... and that 's it ! There is no scrubbing , etc. . You just spray it , then as it dries , it cleans the spot -- the yellow & the smell are eliminated . I LOVE this product ! My dogs now rarely pee on the carpet -LRB- just my female when she gets excited -RRB- . I would recommend to anyone with a dog!Kira
 I bought this product the first time from my vet . With 3 dogs and an older dog who at times eats too fast and throws up this product worked great . Highly recommended and the price was great .
 Follow directions as stated and you will have the best pet urine cleaner in your hands!I usually cover the carpet with plastic overnight then clean it the next day with conventional carpet shampoo cleaner .
 It works really good on my hard wood floor it clean up the pee on my hard wood floor and after i used it i map my floors and it smells really good you ca n't tell that my dogs did anything anything in my house
 I just used Urine-off for the first time with dog number 4 . This product is incredible ! I have white carpets and there is no sign of stain or odor after using it .
 This product does work well . I use it all the time and it removes the stain and odor everytime . The cat urineoff is the only one that I have found that truly works as well . Wonderful product !!!!
 Wow this is so great . I was surprised at the price , I sure would like to get it cheaper but it sure works . Thank you
 I go through air stones for my hermit crab pools a lot . This brand seems to work better and last longer in their pools . They do the job aerating and do n't get slimy like the other brands I have tried .
 I use these in a hydroponic set up , a difficult environment for air stones . They work well and last quite a while in small self contained systems .
 This is the best dock on the market today . It allows for the turtles needs and is inexpensive and practicle . It does n't take up much space and is heat-lamp resistent .
 I found this ramp while searching for something that the turtles could bask on . I read many negative reviews of the foam ramps being chewed on by the turtles so I thought this one was a good choice . I am completely satisfied and the turtles love it . The suction cups are super powerful and it is super easy to clean . I would recommend this to anyone with turtles .
 Turtle ramp is perfect and the sucking cups are very strong for 3 baby RES ... Turtles have no problem getting up there and basking ... fast shipping as well .
 simple , effective , and easy to cleanit is n't very attractive but works quite well
 It is fantastic , but too wide for my semi circle tank . When I wedge it in , my red eared slider loved to perch on it , then dive into the tank .
 my turtles just love it . . and it was easy to put in with the suction cups that seem to work well , and my turtle swam right up onto the ramp and walked up to the top , seems like its going to be easy to clean I would reccomend this product
 My red eared slider absolutley loved this thing every time i look in the tank hes on it . Also great price highly recomended for turtles .
 No puedo emitir informacion del producto ya que espero que el mismo sea encviado a venezuela , sin embargo elproceso de compra y entrega fue excelente !
 This turtle ramp is pretty good.I use a 90Liter tupperware container for my slider and it has rounded sides , so many of the other suction ramps would n't have worked.The Good : + Great suction ! This thing really sticks to the side of smooth surfaces . + Easy to climb . Good traction -LRB- ideal for climbing turtles -RRB- + Not too expensive . + Simple and easy to clean . + It worksThe Bad : - Not too rigid . Probably ideal for smaller turtles.I bought the large dock , -LRB- + / - 9 '' -RRB- and my slider is a good 7 '' . When she 's basking on this thing , it used to sag a little . But I was able to fix this by proping under the side of it . If you have a smaller turtle and need a simple basking area - this product is perfect for you .
 Suction cups adhere turtle ramp securely to side of tank . Turtle likes it too ! It may not be as attractive as some of the other turtle ramps but it works a lot better !
 My turtle loves her new ramp ! It sticks to the glass with no problem and she loves jumping from the top ledge into the water . Easy to clean and has lots of room as well ! I prefer these ramps over magnetic docks that my turtle would struggle to get on . Now she has no problem walking up her dock , sometimes just sunning her face : -RRB-
 If you have an aquatic turtle or anything semi aquatic , this ramp is great , it allows the animal to get out of the water and lay under a heat lamp , my turtles go up and down the ramp all day , I think they like to drive off the ramp back into the water , it is also great for hiding treats on . My guys get a surprise sometimes when they use the ramp , they find turtle fishy crackers up there .
 I love the turtle ramp . I got the medium sized ramp which fits perfectly in my 10 gallon aquarium . I had tried rocks of various sizes and stacked and restacked . Nothing worked for my turtle to climb and sun himself on until I got the turtle ramp . He spends hours sunning himself each day and is so funny to watch when he dives off .
 My turtle refuses to climb onto this . Never expected that , so I put a cork slat on top of it because he 's used to that . So now he uses it , and it stays in place because the suctions hold well . It serves my turtle 's purpose and I do n't have to build something up for him to climb on that I then have to clean around . So I 'm giving it 4 stars , but if your turtle will climb on it , it really deserves 5 stars .
 No issues to report to far -- our Red Eared Slider took right to using it and he seems to have a good time climbing up onto the platform and then jumping back into the water .
 I ended up purchasing the medium size after reading reviews . I have two small red ear sliders -LRB- about 3 and 3.5 inches -RRB- . They feel very comfortable coming up the ramp onto the main platform but I 've never seen them venture out onto the higher part . It seems too flimsy for them to do so anyway as it angles down towards the water even when the whole thing is just sitting there without turtles . Still , it 's big enough to hold both of them and yet still fits a 10 gallon tank in a way that allows them to jump off the side into the water . I accidentally ordered two of these but I 'm saving the other one for when I upgrade their tank . I 'm hoping it will still hold them when they get bigger as long as each one has his/her own .
 the suction cups last and work well . Only thing is , if you have it under a basking light , the traction strips will sort of come up off the plastic at the curves . I just peeled it off and it 's fine . Did n't leave sticky residue and the turtles do n't care . Without the traction strips , it gets less algae on it anyway .
 I have n't found any problems with this belt strap ! The only difficulty is that I have to take time to put on my dog 's harness before we go for a ride anywhere , which the strap hooks onto . I had heard it was going to become law that all dogs be strapped in when riding in a car , and I wanted to be sure I would n't have any trouble with the law . So , I started looking for something . My dog is 12lbs and usually sat on my lap when I drove . I like this strap because is is simple and just slips over the seat belt before it is clipped . Not only can I keep him off of my lap and clip him in a belt beside me , but he can also be clipped in a belt that is being used by someone , so that he is still safely in place and unable to move into an area that could be dangerous without taking up a seat.The strap is sturdy and should work fine for a bigger dog . It may not be long enough for a bigger dog to sit comfortably in a seat . Be sure to get the right size for your dog .
 Works fine , good price . I have 3 small dogs and seatbelts keep them from deciding to drive , and somewhat separated yet they can still see out or sleep .
 This is easy to use , does the job when my pup is riding in the car with me and best of all he does n't mind it .
 I bought one of these years ago when I was on the road all the time with my Italian Greyhound . Super easy to use and gives you peace of mind for your dogs safety . Just rescued a few min pins and got on Amazon for extra seat belts for the new kids . Keep them in your glove box or trunk when you are n't using them . A small price to pay to keep your furry friends safe .
 i use 2 of these to hold my dog inside her sidecar . they are very secure and dont slip looser from pulling
 Item was shipped fast and was as described . I have a 16 pound Shih Tzu , and the small one was almost too small . It does that job , but if I were to order again , I would get the medium - large .
 I use this to strap to restrain my dog in stroller , it works great . Fantastic price and received very quickly .
 I love the seat belt in the car , and I also strap the dogs into the bicycle basket . It is perfect , and the dogs are happy .
 I bought something like this at a Petsmart when I got my dog . I bought mine for $ 20.00 at Petsmart . I wish I looked here first.It is wonderful . I even keep it on him in the house sometimes because he bolts when I try to catch him . It is thick and sturdy . It fits great for the car . I buckle him into the middle bench seat and he has enough room to move aroun to readjust and look out either window . And I do n't use a car harness with it , just around his collar and it still gives him plenty of wiggle room .
 This item is a great filter , so great it even filters water . After putting it in my sump i noticed the water near the filter tray was flowing over . I had to cut a 1 '' strip so that water would actually go around this . So instead I put it towards the bottom of the BIO-Ball tray , works much better down there . Still using my cheap filter stuff from the local pet store , i think that this is a much better setup anyway . Water stays cleaner longer now , less changes of the water too .
 We bought this anemone for use in a Spongebob themed aquarium . It does not disappoint . My daughter loves it . Cute color too .
 I use this air pump on a 112 gallon tank with Koi and Plecos , it provides enough air for a 5 '' air disc and a 12 '' long air-stone and after running for many months non-stop it 's still pumping out a great amount of air , I was just expecting it to pump a little more than it does . However , that is n't stopping me from purchasing a second one for one of my other aquariums that has a noisy air pump , and a second for my large aquarium . I would definitely recommend these pumps , you 'll barely know it 's there . They do work best when placed above water level though so keep that in mind.UPDATE 08-11-10I bought two of these pumps and they have been running non-stop for over 2 years without fail . I would buy more of these in a heartbeat .
 It works but it is n't silent . The sound it makes is a vibration rumble . It is the quietest air pump I 've encountered . If the noise still bothers you run the air hose from a closet . If it still bothers you get some aquarium plants . I 've never had a problem with them making too much noise .
 I have had this pump running for about a year and find myself quite satisfied . The pump pumps air through an almost 48inch bubble wall hose and the other hook up currently just off gases as we do n't need it at this time . Over all the pump is fairly quiet as long as it is balance properly . If the pump becomes unbalanced or leans against something it becomes quite loud as it vibrates quite a bit .
 I use the pump to run an 18 '' long air stone and a 6 '' round air stone . Pump is very strong and I run it on the low setting . On the high setting it does get a little louder but I just dont need that much air . Over all I would recommed this pump .
 I am pleased with the quietness of the pump , I bought it for a 2nd backup for my primary pump , but instead am using it for the primary , and keeping the old one for `` backup '' .
 I have had this air pump for 6 months and it has been rock solid.I keep this air pump inside a cabinet , so any noise is minimal . For the price , I found it to be more powerful and quiet than the air pumps I have purchased at my local stores -LRB- Tetra Whisper and Rena Air -RRB- . Even though it is rated for &#34; aquariums up to 75 gallons , &#34; this pump outperformed a Tetra Whisper Air Pump rated for up to 100 gallons -LRB- and the Tetra broke after less than a year -RRB- . The 6 Watt power supply for this air pump is what you should use to compare it to other brands . The Rena Air 300 only comes with a 4 Watt power supply , even though both it and the Silent-Air X5 are &#34; rated &#34; for tanks up to 75 gallons . The Tetra Whisper Air Pump for up to 100 gallon tanks only has a 4.8 Watt power supply .
 ALTHOUGH I AM JUST A SMIGGIN DISAPPOINTED OVER THE SOUND , OVERALL IT IS A GREAT AIR PUMP . IT STATES IN THE ABOUT SECTION THAT IT IS QUIET , BUT ITS NOT AS QUIET AS IT COULD BE . THE PREVIOUS AIR PUMP I HAD WAS QUIETER . MY TANK IS IN THE FAMILY ROOM WHERE WE HAVE THE TV LOCATED , AND SOMETIMES THE PUMP OVER RUNS THE TV DEPENDING ON VOLUME , BUT OVER ALL IT ISNT SO ANNOYING WHERE I HAVE HAD TO BUY A NEW ONE . I HAVE NOTICED THOUGH THAT THIS PUMP COMPARED TO MY LAST ONE REALLY ADDS MORE AIR VOLUMN INTO THE TANK -LRB- MEANING MORE BUBBLES -RRB-
 Very well , de package arrived on time ! the product is excellen very silent air pump . I am very happy with de product .
 I brought this , as a backup for my old resun . But , it 's more noisy than my old resun . You will notice the difference every night .
 Have had this pump for a year , still works great . It 's not absolutely silent , but it is still very quiet compared to other pumps . I had it on a shelf above my tank , several times knocked it off , does n't phase it , still worked as well as the day I got it . Impressed enough I am buying the same brand pump for my new 60 gallon tank that is replacing my 20 .
 We love this soap ! 1 . Cleans well ... gets my doberman shiny & clean w/o skin irritation ... her coat looks like a show-dog ! 2 . Smells great ... a light , clean scent that 's not overwhelming .3 . Seems to work at keeping bugs away like it says , which is just wonderful . My friend 's dog gets ticks often in this exact same area -LRB- we live on the edge of a wooded area and do have lots of deer -RRB- , but my puppy , who spends a lot of time outside ... usually under said trees , has only ever had one tick -LRB- near her eye , where I do n't usually shampoo -RRB- in 11/2 years of living here . And , you guessed it , she was due for a bath at the time . Flies , etc. , leave her alone ... the only thing I notice anywhere near her are gnats once in a while .4 . Economical ... two bottles have lasted since I got my -LRB- large -RRB- dog 11/2 years ago ... I 'm starting to get low and thought I 'd better purchase more . I even spilled some , once , and occasionally volunteer to wash my relative 's dogs , too . A little goes a long way ! 5 . Green ... it 's gentle on my dog , gentle on my hands as I wash my dog , gentle on my septic system , and gentle on the environment . Since it 's organic , chemical-free , and made from ingredients that you could eat , I do n't cringe when my dog licks the soap bubbles while washing her . =-RRB- I could use it on my own hair if I ran out of shampoo . = -RRB- 6 . Made in the USA and certified organic ... no questionable ingredients . = -RRB- I came back to purchase more and thought it was such a shame that such a great product had no reviews ! Do n't hesitate to purchase this stuff ... it works so well !
 Well worth the investment.If you have 100 + gallon tank and you want it clean and clear without spending hours per week on tank maintaince get this filter -LRB- and an additional pump of course , i use the ` marineland 5500 ' -RRB- . Setup is easier than you think , once its up and running upkeep is pretty simple and comparatively infrequent.The only con is the noise , on a scale of 1 to 10 -LRB- 10 = loud 1 = silent -RRB- I would rate the noise at a 4 to maybe a 5 . For comparison I would rate the marinland 350 bio-wheel filter at a 3 and a half .
 I 've been running one of these filters on my 120 gallon freshwater tank for about the last four and a half years . It 's performed flawlessly and it keeps the water very nice . Maintenance is easy and it can be performed in a few minutes without having to get inside of the tank or filter . I just use a bucket and pull out the pad and sponge from the filter and the two foam cylinders from the overflow boxes , wash them out in cool water and re-install . I 'm using a 900 gallon an hour rated Rio pump with this setup . Getting it set up and going is quite easy and getting the siphon tubes running and the water level set where you want it to be in the tank is about the toughest part.My filter does n't seem to be excessively noisy but it 's also mounted inside of a closed cabinet under the tank so that probably helps quite a bit .
 my male bearded dragon loves this wooden hide . i have the under tank heater below this , so at night he snuggles under it and goes to sleep . : - -RRB-
 My son was sick over Christmas and `` tossed his cookies '' on the couch in our TV room . We worked very hard to clean things up , but an unpleasant odor lingered , in spite of washing the area and using Febreeze many times . I ordered this based on the reviews , but due to our vacation , we could n't use it right away . When we returned home 2 weeks following the issue , the odor was still there -LRB- hoped that time would make it better -- but no -RRB- . My husband applied this stuff to the effected cushions while I was at work , and by the time I returned home , viola , the odor had disappeared . Given the fact that we used this long after the incident occurred and it still worked , I feel good recommending it for similar challenges . Good to have on hand with a toddler and/or pets !
 This is simply put the best product on the market . We had tried so many others and they did not work . This one does ! We started using it when our old dog Sparky was having control issues due to age . Then we got two new puppies ... !!! I have used this on furniture , hardwood floors , tile , and rugs -LRB- synthetic and 100 % wool -RRB- and with no problems . If you follow the directions and soak up excess residues first then you should have perfect results every time .
 I have a male chihuahua and he pees all over the house . This stuff is great at removing the stain and odor from my carpet . I also have used it in the wash for some things that have had odor and I have also used it on my couch for when my son had accidents . Because it works so well , I will never try anything else . I believe it works great because of the enzymes that break the odor down . It does n't just mask the smell . Because it is pretty natural , it does n't have a chemical stink . I would definitely recommend this product .
 This product has worked great so far on cat vomit . I like that it does n't use a citrus fragrance that might work to `` cover up '' smells , it actually eliminates the stain and the smell altogether with very little rubbing !
 I use this on my cloth diapers , helps keep the dirty diaper smell down and keeps my diapers stain FREE even when I have no sun to sun them with , amazing product ! I spray each diaper with a spray bottle I bought at a local store after each change . Put the diaper in my hanging wet bag and that 's it ! It can be quite a few days between washings because I have 2 in diapers and we live on the road in a 5th wheel , so sometimes getting to the laundry mat is a little involved ! Love this stuff !
 We have a multi cat household and , of course , someone is always trying to be `` top cat '' of the group . So , when we get the occasional urine markings happen ... we often use Nature 's Miracle products to remove the odors . We recently discovered the Nature 's Miracle Laundry Detergent , and have used it a lot ! It really works ... and it leaves the laundry smelling great ! We would highly recommend it to anyone w pets or just `` tough to get out '' odors from fabric !!! When you are `` owned '' by cats , you know that nothing is always 100 % effective ... but , we would recommend this product to be successful , at least , 90 to 95 % of the time . I do wish it was more readily available at `` in town '' retail outlets ... we have to order it online and have it shipped . Otherwise , its GREAT !
 Ingredible product !!!!!!!!!! I have Ferrets , Dogs , Cats and Degus and it removed EVERY oil deposit and smell from all clothes , blankets and even toys.Love it !!! Danji
 I initially bought this to wash my pet 's bedding . It is now my first choice for removal of most organic stains . I have found it effective for spaghetti/pasta sauce , mud/dirt , blood , perspiration odors , etc. . It even * completely * removed the white crystalline deoderant residue from the armpits of a black shirt after several other products failed to affect the stain at all , and I was ready to throw the shirt away . I use it as a pre-treatment for normal stains and let it sit for about 30 minutes before washing . For tough or large stains , I use my `` soak '' feature on my washer , then run the normal cycle . Nature 's Miracle Laundry Detergent Pet Allergen and Stain & Odor Remover is my Secret Weapon .
 I have several male pet rats . No other detergent has been able to get the `` rattie `` smell out of their blankets and beds . This detergent removes all of the smells and has reduced the amount of sneezing that I do when I am around their things .
 My mother in law put me onto this product and I 've used it for 2 years . So far it does not disappoint . I got my first dog 2 years ago and noticed the pee smell would not come out even when I washed their beds multiple times using my personal detergent . My mother in law sent me the Nature 's Miracle Stain and Odor Remover and I had purchased their detergent . used in combination their beds come out having a neutral smell , making it the best product to use for my three dogs ' blankets , towels , etc. . I highly recommend .
 I bought this in anticipation of my puppy coming home . So far I have used it about 5 times on a variety of things
 I work at Skydance Pet Lodge and Spa , and I have three -LRB- sometimes -RRB- four dogs and a cat . Doing wash with this product is amazing ! I wash my jeans and logo shirt as well as all bedding material in this and there is no fading . It 's worth every penny and I 'll never be without it again . Even if you just want to try it for the allergy aspect ... you will always want to keep some on hand . Doing sheets and bedspreads , if your pet sleeps with you , is another good reason to give it a try !
 I am on three highest dose Rx for my asthma . I do my bedsheets and pet laundry in this wonderful detergent . Since the first jug I have not had to use my rescue inhaler even one time . My Doxie and Yorkie sleep in bed with me and with a broken back from a car accident we are in bed a lot ! May I say , `` Shut up and drive . '' Thank you to Nature 's Miracle for helping to keep me healthy . Jeanie , Lexington , Kentucky
 I searched `` ONLINE '' for Dander removal products after I RECENTLY FOUND MYSELF ALLERGIC TO MY NEWER DOG . I LOVE HIM TOO MUCH TO GET RID OF . This HAS BEEN GREAT . ANYONE WHO HAS PET ALLERGIES SHOULD USE THESE PRODUCTS . I wash my rugs , bedding and their two blamkets . NO MORE DANDER SMELL !! They have other products to use on your pet 's body -LRB- Dander Remover & Body Deoderizer -RRB- . It 's easier than Getting all those Weekly Shots -- JBH
 Anyone with pets knows that they all have an odor about them . Their beds stink , their clothes -LRB- if you 're like that -RRB- stink , even their collars and leashes eventually stink . Regular detergent does n't get it all out in the wash , but this does . I highly recommend it for anyone with pets .
 My wife and I have used this , almost exclusively , for the past 2 years on our pet related products and even on our own bedsheets when kitty `` teaches us a lesson . '' Aforementioned Kitty now has her own room in the house and we were able to use this to get rid of the pee smell when no other product worked , not even the sprays . The Nature 's Miracle Laundry Detergent also got rid of body odor in armpits and lessened the crystallization in the armpits of shirts , giving them a little more life.This was a fantastic product and I am so disappointed that it was discontinued .
 It was nice to be able to buy the correct sized bags for my filter . They work great and are easy to refill ... ca n't say there 's much more I can say about them though , they 're just little nylon baggies .
 is what it says it is does the job tight seal shuld keep all ammo dry id odre again if i need too
 i had the smaller set but my puppy outgrew/outchewed them and i was having trouble finding the large ones in stores.My puppy loves them !
 Although he is now six , Tucker has had a set of these teething keys since he was a puppy . -LRB- Well , he 's on his fifth set now . -RRB- He does n't chew as much now as he did then , but in times of stress , these are a comfort to him .
 I have a 4 week old puppy and he just adores this ! I opened it up in front of him and he carries it everywhere ! It 's so cute , and quite durable . I ordered the XS and it was actually larger than what I expected ! The price is great since he loves it so much ! Less than 5 bucks gets my puppy a new favorite and beneficial toy !
 I did n't buy this toy through Amazon , but I wanted to review it . Our 2 pound yorkie puppy loves these keys . She chews and chews on them and they are quite durable and will last her a long time .
 This Nylabone teething key ring has lasted quite well . Although it is not my dog 's favorite toy , she has played with it some and not destroyed them yet .
 Read other reviews and it seemed okay . Glad I did because my dog loves this toy . All in all I would recommend
 Took my Umbrella Cockatoo 3 days to destroy this toy into small pieces ... much longer than most &#34; parrot &#34; toy last . He had fun with it but any dog would last longer . Cockatoos can &#34; eat &#34; a 2x4 in a couple days .
 Our boys love to chew these in the evening . The price here was much better than in our local pet store .
 My dog loves this . It 's his favourite toy and lasts forever . I would recommend you buy this for your dog .
 My puppies love to chew and I have numerous chew toys laying around that they never play with but they love these ! Careful with them though because they can eventually wear them down and break off pieces which can be swallowed .
 Our little Yorkie loves it ! I agree with some of the reviewers that they are little too soft for a powerful chewer . We tried all kinds of toys and not too many survived her chewing for more than a day , some had to be thrown away after 15-20 minutes of work . These key , however , last for a while . We do supervise and check frequently on the condition of the toy when she seem to be addicted to chewing . Fortunately , she spits out the pieces without swallowing , but when the end looks too chewed up , it 's easy to cut it off with the sharp scissors . Eventually they become too small and then we buy a new set . I probably wo n't recommend it for a big dog but for a little one it 's a pretty good toy .
 I just recently got my second set of these in the last six months because my French Bulldogs ca n't get enough of them and constantly fight over them . They occupy them for hours and last much longer than most toys we 've given to them . I highly recommend them and do n't know what I could replace them with if we ever ca n't find them .
 My previous dog -LRB- a poodle / yorkie mix of about 14 lbs -RRB- and my current dog -LRB- poodle / yorkie mix of about 6 lbs -RRB- both ADORE this toy . And it 's adorable to the eyes as well .
 I initially bought this product at PetSmart for almost twice the cost . Our pup -LRB- Siberian Husky , the alpha of his litter -RRB- would rip and shred paper , eat the drywall , and chew on the carpet , bed frame , and a couple pairs of my shoes ! He is a high maintenance dog , but this set of keys has been AMAZING !!! We took some time training him to `` Go get your keys !! '' every time he was about to start doing something naughty . We buy him a new set of keys about once a year as he chews the ring apart first plus he tosses it into the air and around the yard -LRB- it just wears out -RRB- . But they keys themselves hold up very well . After this chew toy and one other product -LRB- chew toy rings -RRB- he would , and still does , entertains himself and does n't get into so much mischief . He is just over two years old now and he has n't chewed on anything but his keys and rings for the last year . He loves them ! I recommend this for anyone who wants a solid product that lasts quite a while for an obsessive chewer !!
 I bought a few teething toys , and I guess my maltipoo just does n't like the ones that have ridges and such on them . She likes the flat ones with not a lot of bumps on them and I think this one was softer plastic than the other ones . She chewed this one to death . She 's not an aggressive chewer so it lasted a few months , but I would definitely NOT recommend this to anyone that 's got a big time chewer , because this wo n't last a day for you.Also - just a friendly reminder - watch your dog chewing on this - the plastic pieces do eventually fall off as they chew through the toy . Mine clearly does n't like them after she chews on them because I just find pieces after she chews on them , but I know some dogs love just swallowing it .
 I bought these for a friend 's new puggle puppy . He loves them ! He chews on them all the time and carries them around with him . Some of the negative reviewers on this product apparently did n't read that they are for puppies , not adult dogs . Yes , he has chewed them up , that 's what they 're for !
 This is our shih-tzu 's favorite toy . He plays with it every day , and even multiple times a day . I just ordered a new one after 6 months of constant use . Considering most of his other toys did n't last this long I 'm very satisfied
 Bought this for our 2 yr . dachshund who chews everything . These keys keep her busy and seems to satify her chewing urge . The large set lasts for a few months until the keys are down to just nubs . Even then , there is still more to chew on . Highly recommend for any dog that chews constantly .
 I have a 1 year old boxer/lab mix and this is her favorite toy . The only problem is that she chews off little pieces of plastic that I have to pick up before she eats them . The plastic ring is her favorite part . She is not able to chew through it so it last a long time .
 These key rings are pretty good chew toys for puppies . I have been trying to find a chew toy she will actually chew to divert her from the things she is not supposed to chew . This chew toy keeps her attention for a bit , which is unusual for my dog , and she seems to enjoy them .
 We got this for our 12 week old cockapoo and she loves them . It 's nice that they make noise to attract her attention and she likes to chew on them and carry them around the house . Great for puppies .
 I purchased these for my dachshund puppy . She has chewed and chewed on these . I ca n't begin to tell you the times she has played with these . Also I ca n't imagine all the items it has saved in my house from her not chewing them !! They are definately worth the purchase .
 My 5 month old corgi has been working on these keys since we brought him home three months ago . They show faint signs of wear from those sharp puppy teeth , but are holding up well . They are slightly squishy , which seems to soothe his teething . Great toy . Highly recommended .
 I have had my Baby Girl PIPER since she was 4 months old & 15lbs . & now she is 4 years old & 50lbs . !!!!! She is a BEAGLE/PIT Mix & BOY CAN SHE GO THROUGH LOTS OF TOYS ;-RRB- LET ME JUST TELL YOU , THERE AI N'T A TOY OUT THERE SHE CA N'T GET THROUGH WITHIN SECONDS !!!!!!!! These KEYS being 1 of them , However she ABSOLUTELY LOVES these KEYS & even though she gets through them LIKE A HOT KNIFE THROUGH FROZEN BUTTER , the RING they come on is a different story . That seems to last for a few weeks which helps with our TOY BUDGET ;-RRB- Well actually to be honest , we just ca n't stop buying her TOYS she is our PRINCESS & IS SPOILED AS ONE ; -RRB- Thank you for your time & for making GREAT TOYS that my Baby LOVES ; -RRB-
 My dogs love these keys - in all sizes - but I stopped purchasing them because , after awhile , they start eating the plastic . However , my new Welsh Corgi puppy -LRB- 31/2 mo. -RRB- was teething and needed some toys to chew on badly , so I bought another set . He loves them , and they 're holding up well - the trick is to keep them away from dogs with heftier teeth ! These , along with two other nylabone toys , are immensely helpful - he 'll play calmly in his kennel or in the middle of the room for nice lengths of time without becoming bored . Definitely recommended - just keep an eye on them and replace when they become too worn .
 This is the second time I 've purchased these . When my lab was a puppy they were the only `` chew toy '' that I found that he absolutely loved . Now , we have another new puppy -LRB- a Golden Retriever -RRB- and he will chew on these for a very long time . In fact , our lab must remember because he keeps stealing them -LRB- leaves all the other 's alone -RRB- from the puppy so we had to buy the `` adult '' set too .
 We love these ! My 2 yr . dachshund is a big big chewer and these keys last her a couple of months , and this is with her chewing on them almost daily . She can easily carry them aruond the house in her mouth and even when the ` keys ' are chewed , there 's still more to chew . Great chew item for big chewers .
 My chihuahua puppy has chewed his way through three sets of these keys ; they are his favorite toy . They seem to keep his teeth clean and do n't appear to be bad for his digestive system . He is healthy and has great teeth ! Highly recommended as a good choice of toy . Also , good size for small dogs !
 The other reviewer is correct . These are pretty big , but I also have a golden doodle puppy . She does not carry them around at 11 weeks but I do leave these keys on her bed and she will lay down and chew on them . She is about 10 pounds and I am guessing in another couple of weeks she will not have a problem carrying these around . *** UPDATE *** 11/06/08My puppy is now carrying these keys areound with him . He is 12 weeks old and 12 pounds .
 This is a great chew toy ! This is larger and thicker than the small set of keys , and holds up much better to heavy chewing . My dogs LOVE these toys so we now have 2 - one for each dog to have their own . One of my dogs is a cocker spaniel and these keys are the perfect size . The keys are a little large for the terrier-shih-tzu mix , however , after the cocker spaniel chews on them and they get a little softer , he takes over and they work great . They have lasted more than a month and still have a lot of chew left in them . I have had to watch out for tiny plastic pieces that are pulled off of the keys . I have a baby who is learning to crawl , and no matter how much I vacuum the carpet , if there is a tiny plastic piece that falls off of this toy she will find it and try to put it in her mouth .
 I have a king charles cavaler it loves these keys . there good for her teeth and their her favorite toy
 My chihuahua puppy loves to chew on these x-small keys -LRB- it 's so cute to watch her carry these around -RRB- because they are softer than some of the other teething toys , but they are not for adult dogs or strong chewers ! My 3 year old shih tzu got a hold of one set and chewed the keys off of the ring and chewed the keys into tiny pieces . Luckily he did not eat any of the pieces and I threw that set away . Let your puppy chew on these while teething but once it grows up and is strong enough to chew chunks off , put them away for your next puppy !
 It 's easy for him to pick up and run with it.He enjoys to also chew the `` ring '' for some reason.This is one of his favorite toys for sure .
 Nylabone 's PuppyChew Teething Keys are a pretty good toy for puppies that are teething . Until they are about 18 months , dogs need to have chew toys on hand to ease the pain of their teething process . Dogs will chew on these teething keys . At the same time , I ca n't say that this was ever one of my dog 's favorites . Nylabone should put some kind of flavoring on these keys to attract the dog and make puppies -LRB- who love flavors -RRB- more enthusiastic about the toy . My dog likes the chicken and bacon flavored nylabones much more . Although my dog chewed on this sometimes , he often neglected it and was not especially excited when I first gave it to him . I would give it five stars for durability and serving its basic purpose . But I would give it three stars for my dog 's apparent enjoyment level , thus an overall four star rating .
 Love these soft keys for our dog ! They kept her occupied for quite some time and she is a German Shepherd.The only thing is that you should definitely keep an eye on the dogs as they chew on the Nylabone toys . They might digest too much of the material if they are heavy chewers . I think these would be ideal for younger dogs .
 This is the second set we purchased . It was the favorite toy of my two dogs . I had to purchase another set for my sister 's dog as he loved them too . It keeps them from chewing on things they should n't .
 I have been using these for years with my English Bulldog . He absolutely loves them . They easily last me for 6-8months . I just replace them because they start to look a bit dirty . Theoretically he could go on chewing them for much longer . Unlike other toys breaking off in little pieces everywhere , I have found this material to be much more durable and pliable . The toy just becomes distorted as he chews it , but does not come apart . I have tried many of Kong 's products and they do not hold a candle to the infamous key toy . The last Kong toy I had was red , and a day after giving it to my dog there were little bits of red rubber all over the floor where he was chewing . I never have that problem with these . Also he looks really cute running around with a bunch of keys dangling from his mouth .
 This item is my English Bulldogs favorite toy EVER ! She is a hard chewer and these hold up for weeks .
 The puppy does claim them as her 's and carries them around . Unfortunately , she does not seem as interested in chewing them as she is in chewing her other regular Nyla Bones or some item that we would rather she not chew -LRB- tables , books , papers or any kind , etc. -RRB- . For some reason these keys are not very enticing for chewing , at least with our little gal .
 My puppy loved this toy . He is a heavy chewer . He chewed it until I had to take it away . It lasted about six months . You have to watch your dog while he plays with it and cut away all excess pieces .
 I keep fresh cat litter in a large wheeled container that is too large to pour from . This scoop fits inside the container and is the perfect size for adding new litter to the litter box .
 This scoop is sturdy and is exactl y what we needed for scooping cat litter to refill the litter box . My wife loves the bright collors that are available and we will probably buy additionalnscoops fornither uses around the house .
 I got this for my dog food container - but is much bigger than i had imaged it . too big for me to handle . But - seems well made , sturdy . Just big !
 This truly is a great product . I just bought some for my cat and immediately sprayed all of his toys . With in seconds he was acting crazy playing with them . Highly recommed this .
 I was very apprehensive about growing this wheat grass as it seemed quite complicated . My intention was to grow the grass for my cats and dog . I must say , I followed the directions implicitly and within one week the grass was tall enough to present to my animals !! Today was the day and the cats seem to be eating it . My dog does n't seem interest -- yet . The kit includes everything you need with five growing pans . I 'm very happy with this product .
 This is great . My two , older adopted cats , are strictly indoors . I start a quarter cup of seeds every 3 months or so , and they love the fresh greens . If I get behind on schedule , they try to eat houseplants , which is dangerous . It starts easier than the package suggests . You do not have to go the dark , covered route . Just keep it misted . When the seeds sprout , they take off on their own . I put a rubber band over the pot , so the grass can grow great and the cats ca n't get too excited and steal the entire plant . If you do n't secure the planting , the cats will take it out of the container .
 I have two of these for my budgie . He loves them . It seems very comfortable for his feet and he loves climbing the incline I created with it from the bottom to the top of the cage . He especially loves sliding down it like a kid down a banister .
 My DYH amazon tore it up to her liking within a week and now sleeps on it almost all the time . Fits across her cage well and securely .
 This is a great perch for small birds , such as cockatiels , parakeets , lovebirds and canaries . It 's comfortable on their feet , and my bird -LRB- a cockatiel -RRB- spends lots of time on it . You should put this perch on a high spot on the cage , as birds really like perching as high as possible .
 When we first put our cockatiel on the perch , he would n't stand on it . Every time we put him back near his cage , we placed him on it and he would quickly get off.About a week later , we started noticing him on it . At this point , he spends more time on it than anywhere else.When purchasing I was n't sure what size to get , but medium seems to work out well for a cockatiel .
 I 've used this perch in the past and have difficulty finding it in the large size . It bends easily and keeps it 's shape . It solves a lot of problems for my bird and adapts to all cage sizes . Watch for wear and replace as needed .
 I 've been using Booda Comfy perches for many years . They are fantastic on the parrot 's feet and easy to conform to different cage sizes . My parrots play on the cement or wood perches but they all love to sleep on the Booda Perch .
 Love this perch and so does my parakeet . Its the perfect size around and I love that I could contort it to fit the cage perfectly . My parakeet loves traveling up and down this perch while playing with his hanging toys . I 've had this product for several months and now that I have recently gotten a parrotlet I plan to get one or two of these perches for him too !
 I have had these in the past so I know canaries AND cockatiels both love these perches above and beyond the wood or any other kind of perch because they are softer on the feet - I do have the other kinds of perches because they need something to chew or scrape their beaks and nails on - but they more often than not sit on the boodas-and they sleep on them - Word of warning though - eventually -LRB- and it takes a long time -RRB- if you have a chewing type bird -LRB- like cockatiels -RRB- they will cause the booda to fray - when that happens you should replace it with a new one as their nails can get caught in it and cause accidents .
 Cockatiel was scared of it at first , but took only a day to warm up to it outside of cage , then another day to warm up to it on the cage , and another day to finally use it . Now uses it all the time . Silly thing will take anything paper or raffia from you in a beat , but rope toys can be hit or miss . Chewed up slightly but working well so far .
 Bought 4 of these for my two cockatiel cages . They are amazingly well built and securely attach to any cage . The only problem I personally have with them is that the adapter where it attaches to the cage might be a bit too large for cages with half inch or less gap between bars meaning I had to use some force to get them to go in but it is a fairly minor complaint and basically a non-issue . As far as size goes , I bought the Large 28inch and the thickness of the perch caught me a bit off guard but my cockatiels seem to move around on it and whatnot just fine . The medium sized perches might of been a more appropriate choice though but I ca n't complain , large seems to work fine for them too.Would def buy again if I needed to .
 my bird sleeps here ... obviously more comfortable than his other perches on his feet . glad i got this for my Kahuna boy . : -RRB-
 While I ca n't yet review how much my bird likes or dislikes the product -LRB- she 's still weaning -RRB- I can at least review the product itself.The rope is tightly wound giving it a lot of support . The two connectors were very nicely designed and fit my 3/4 '' bar-spaced cage perfectly . The 28 '' Large perch was just long enough to make a nice loop in my cage and is thick enough for an African Grey to sit on comfortably . The packaging seems to imply Macaws , but I personally find it too small for their feet and may even buckle a bit under their weight.Either way , it is well constructed and well designed in the regard to attaching to a cage . I think this can add some fun and exciting new perch designs in a cage allowing our birdies to climb and enjoy the different texture -LRB- assuming they do n't decide its a chew toy -RRB- .
 I have a new , very large cage and so to make moving around easier I wanted to get some super long perches . My smaller cage had 1 rope perch and my budgies loved it , so when I was thinking about getting some additional perches for their new cage I knew I wanted some rope ones.I purchased the medium , 32 '' rope perch and the large , 32 '' rope perch . Even though it says large , my budgies grip it comfortably with their feet due to its braided texture . I love the metal wire in it that allows me to bend it into fun shapes and loops . I have one set up on an angle and my older budgie loves bouncing down it like a slide , my gymnast youngest budgie loves to hang upside down off it and tease my other budgies . When it is time for bed it is usually the perch they go to , unless its cold , then they are warming their toes on my heated perch!This is definitely something you should buy ... I just wish it was part of the Amazon super saver shipping program ... with shipping costs it is almost cheaper , or at least the same price as I find it in my local pet stores .
 this makes a better perch than wood , especially for parrots/birds that may be unsteady on their feet . I have these in every size . They attach to the sides of the cage from corner to corner .
 I am very pleased with my order for the comfy perch it fit the cage very well . My bird likes the wider rope for the comfort of his feet.Jim
 Both my cockatiel and my canaries love these , and I love them because they can be molded to fit any shape I want . Makes for an easier way to allow birds to get to the various toys / food items without using so many other perches . Bonus
 I love this perch ! It 's sturdy and safe and visually appealing . I love that you can twist the rope to create different perch shapes and angles . A must have for any parrot cage !
 My two cockatiels absolutely love this perch ! They fight over it as I have snaked it to go from the top to the bottom of the cage . It 's always about who gets to sit the highest : -RRB- I love the fact that it is bendable and it really does n't get that messy . Mine do not chew on it and never deficate on it ... must be true love LOLWould definitely recommend this to anyone with a cockatiel !
 I have one of these perches in each of my lovebirds cages . They both LOVE this perch . I love that I can create different ways of how it sits in their cages , instead of the traditional straight perch . It is a great way to give my lovebirds some differing heights with it , similar to how a branch would be . This is always the first perch I purchase when I get a new bird . Highly recommended .
 This is a replacement for an existing rope perch in our parrot 's cage . This perch is wonderful as it is easy for our parrot to climb on and can be bent into pleasing position to provide optimal exercise .
 flexible , long , malleable , my african grey liked it soooo much.the good thing , that u can shape it as u wish and u can change the shape at anytime you wish
 My birds love these perches !! Received super fast , and great quality !! Very easy to put on the cage , and the value you can not beat !!
 Nikki is a 38 year old parrot and has developed arthritis in &#34; ankle &#34; . The comfy perch appears to make things a lot more comfortable for him .
 This goes without saying . These perches are great . I keep extras to rotate in and out of the cages while the others are cleaned and left to dry .
 I 've seen the comfy perch in the local pet stores , but was hesitant in buying until I had read the reviews on Amazon . Therefore I decided to order the item to be delivered , and not worry about the crowded local stores . I just received the comfy perch , and my 3 year old cockatiel gave me a like tweet . She always looks like she 's smiling , -LRB- lol -RRB- . I attached it inside her cage , and she step onto the perch , and seem to love the feel . I 'm completely satisfied , and love that it 's makes her happy . The product was also delivered super fast .
 My parrot Friskie took to his new Booda perches from Amazon immediately , and after a little preliminary chewingto get them just right , he is on them all the time . He still uses his std wooden and manzanita woodperches , but these give him a chance to rest on a softer surface when he wants to . I like the way youcan curve them just the way you want , and I think Friskie does , too . They are well worth the price .
 an excellent perch for all birds of all kinds my conures fave perch and most certainly getting one for my lovebirds
 I have been using Booda perches for years . They are much easier on my 50 year old Amazon 's feet than wooden ones . When they get dirty you can throw them in the washer . Booda Perches get top marks !
 My 3 cockatiels love this perch so much I 've had to buy another . It 's their favorite perch to sleep on and they love to climb it as well . One of my birds is disabled -LRB- lost the use of one leg -RRB- and uses her beak to cling to the comfy perch when she wants to move - it gives her much more mobility than her wooden perches . It 's great that you can change the shape and set it at angles to make it more interesting and fun for the birds .
 These perches are great ! They make a lot of room and are very comfortable for my birds . You can position these perches in any direction , any place . They do n't have to be straight . This gives them more room and in different directions . It 's great !!!! I have several different size cages . These perches come in different sizes and can be used in any size cage . You can pick any space you feel would be great for your bird -LRB- s -RRB- to feel comfortable and twist the perch . All the cages have these perches !
 When I first purchased this , I was concerned that the small size might be too thin for a cockatiel , but it is n't . It is the perfect size for her feet . I think it would still work great for a parakeet too though , but this is definitely geared toward cockatiels and similar size birds . It is very stiff , which is a pro and a con . It 's a pro because it will hold it 's shape , so however you bend it , it will stay that way . It 's a con because it 's hard to bend it into a new shape . It was n't a big deal though because I wanted to leave it in essentially that same shape . I have two rope perches . The other much much longer , which is primarily why I know how difficult these are to bend as the longer one is easier to bend than this one and I had a hard time with the long one . My cockatiel loves them both . Rope perches are a great investment for any pet bird . It is a rest for their feet from other types of perches , and you can bend them into almost any shape .
 I got this for my parrotlet and she loves it . Since it 's flexible , you can bend it into many shapes and use it as a straight perch , an `` S '' shaped rope , or a winding , vertical climber . Birds tend to get bored with the same old toys after a while , so it 's nice to be able to use the flexibility of the Booda perch to fashion it in different ways . I 'm confident that your bird will love it like mine does .
 I bought the booda comfy perch for my pet ratties actually ! They love them , I got 3 of the largest possible -LRB- 36-inch -RRB- and hung them throughout their cage . My ratties sleep on them , run on them , basically they just be crazy ratties on them ! They are a good addition to a rats cage , as you can move them around from time to time to mix things up for your pets . And if you place two of them next to each other , you can create a hammock between them for your ratties to sleep on . It 's almost like adding another level to your cage .
 This perch is awesome ! You can bend into many shapes to fit your particular cage . As with most things , your bird may be a little afraid at first , but with soon learn to love it !
 Like the length and easy of changing the position and shape but it is hard to get real clean has it is cloth .
 It was very difficult to get my cockatiels to like it . At first , they were absolutely terrified of it . I do n't know if they thought it was a snake , despite never having seen one , or if they thought it was a sentient set of nunchucks . They 've never seen me doing my ninja work so I do n't think they would even know how nunchucks work . After putting it in their cage , every time I tried to put one of them on it , they would tremble in fear before helplessly flailing around the cage trying to fly away from the danger . It 's the first multi-colored item I 've ever given them so it 's quite possible they thought they were trippin on something wicked , I really do n't know . After a few more unsuccessful attempts to get them on it , like putting them there in the dark -LRB- and then turning on the lights -RRB- and holding them with my hand wrapped around them like a straight jacket , the results were still the same . So I threw the thing around my neck like a scarf and them had them hop on my shoulders . They were suddenly totally unaware that the perch rope and the cause of so much fright were one and the same . I placed the perch back into the cage , with them watching from my shoulders , crests steady as a brick wall and eyes wide open with fear , but in a different position , at the top of the cage . I then placed them at the bottom and after a few minutes of not wanting to move , they accepted their new lives as floor dwelling birds and just figured they 'd avoid going up for food and water , now accessible only by close proximity of the rope perch . After hours of incessant chirping that afternoon , I realized they were n't going to stop until I gave them food on the floor , so I grabbed them both and set them on the rope perch one last time , securing them tightly . After that scared them into silence , I set them back on the floor and left them there . To my surprise next morning , the young one was on his new perch quietly , as if he totally forgot how much fear it caused him . The other one , the 13 year old , still did n't want any part of the new perch and just kept at a distance . I grabbed him and placed him on it , next to his little brother , and he learned to not try and fly away from it . Instead , he just spent the next hour or so in frozen fear , not moving at all . Eventually , he began to trust it , and now , a month later , is completely happy with it .
 Purchased the small sized one for my love bird . She really likes it and it almost seems as if she is always happy now . I recommend this to all my friends who have birds !
 MY BIRD LOVES THIS PERCH.SHE SLEEPS BETTER AND IN A BETTER MOOD NOW.IT IS EASY TO INSTALL AND TOUGH.I WOULD BUY THIS ITEM AGAIN .
 thank you works wonderful in the cage , may even get another one at a later date . Might get a little smaller one next time so he has choices
 It took a few days for our Conuor to warm up to this but now he loves it . He sits on top of the cage now like `` a big bird '' .
 I 've been using one or two of these perches in my birds ' cages for some time.If a bird sleeps on a perch , vs. in a tent or nest box , these seem to be comfy for them.HOWEVER
 Booda comfy perches are the main perch in my parrots cages . They are on their feet 24/7 . They need a perch that is comfy to go with the other perches in their cage.My birds took to them the instant I put them in .
 We use this perch as a landing pad , attached to the front of Buster 's cage . Before , he would fly at the cage , crash into it and fall to the floor . If he was lucky he would grab the cage and hold on for dear life . In order to keep a happy Budgie I put this on the front , outside part of the cage by the door . Now he is able to come in for a gentle 3 point landing while keeping his wings in one piece .
 Our three birds LOVE these Booda perches ... all shapes and sizes ! Easy to install and very colorful . Arrived quickly from Amazon !
 Probably the best perches you can get . I like that they 're stiffer and harder to bend them because then the birds ca n't move the shape by walking and playing on them . I have one for my parakeet and my cockatiel and they love them . It gives them something interesting to walk on rather than just having straight horizontal perches . It 's more natural for them .
 My Sennie , Desmond , generally eviscerates anything I put in his cage . . however , he only ruined one and now uses the other as his nighttime perch.Soft on the tootsies.My 3 ` Tiels like the perches as well.I keep all of their nails trimmed so there is no chance of them catching a toe in the rope .
 GOOD ALTERNATIVE TO WOODEN PERCHES , FITS INSIDE OR OUTSIDE OF CAGE . I HAVE TWO , ONE INSIDE AND ONE OUTSIDE BY CAGE DOOR . BEST PRODUCT EVER !
 I have the smaller one - good product - be sure to get the one that can open and stretch across the cage
 She was a little afraid for a day or so but she is now using it the rope is nice and firm with a tight twist to it good deal for the price
 My Umbrella Cockatoo had finally eatten through her last one , took almost 8 months . She is happily perched on this one and of course has begun to munch on it .
 Purchased a small and medium size for my parakeet cage . Fairly easy to install and bend to shape and they hold that shape well.The birds seem quite happy with the perches . If they are happy , then I 'm happy .
 My parakeet loves these perches since they provide support beyond the regular wooden ones . I have read that a variety of perches are good to have since they help to stretch the birds foot , avoiding arthritis ... just like we need arch support in our shoes :-RRB- This is a good buy & my Keet is very happy ! Chirp * chip *
 My sun conure loves them and will only perch on these !! -LRB- Spoiled -RRB- . My rats also love them to get to the higher leves in their cage ! I do get the fatter size for the rats . Great product !!!
 Like other reviews have read , birds/parrots LOVE these perches !!! By far my ` Keets favorite out of 4 different types in his home = D
 I adopted my Charlie , a Cockatiel gray just a week ago . He was very shy at first and still is a little nervous -LRB- I have a dog -RRB- He likes to stay in one spot and not move around too much . I just put the 21 '' rope in only 1/2 hour ago , I took him out to play . He has been back in there for only ten minutes and I just looked up and he is siting on it already . So instead of crouching in the corner he is high and wide on his perch and looking quite regal and proud.Anything that is taking him basically off the ground in the corner is a 5 star for me . He is moving back and forth between his other perch and playing with toys . I have not seen him this animated and I love it , this almost brought him to life.I am new to Cockatiels and found that it takes them a week or two to acclimate themselves to our environment . So if you are new do n't worry they snap out of it , for my Charlie it took this lovely perch . I have another room , -LRB- cage -RRB- that I am going to attach so he has a huge cage and has double the space ... I will be buying at least one more of these for the other section . LOVE IT !!!
 I love the Booda Comfy Perches . This was the fourth Comfy Perch I 've bought . My conure loves them . The only problem with this perch was that the length was not 32 inches . It is 21 inches but the packaging did say 32 '' . However , I had previously brought a 32 '' Comfy Perch from Amazon last year and it 's longer than the new one -LRB- because the old perch is 32 '' -RRB- . I decided to keep it as I can always find a use for a Comfy Perch , just not what I had originally intended it for . Would like to order another one but now I 'm afraid I will get the smaller size .
 My lovebird loved the smaller one of these I had for him so when I purchased a larger cage I bought him this 32 &#34; one as well . He uses them all the time , and as they are wired inside , you can bend them into the shape you require for more functionality . This is the only perch my bird will hold onto as well -LRB- he is a bit on the elderly side -RRB- and grip tightly and flap his wings to exercise his wings . He even hangs onto it upside down . He loves it as I 'm taking that as an endorsement and I therefore can easily recommend this product .
 I have one for my Conure and she loves it - it goes through the middle of the cage so it 's her `` main '' perch . She loves the colors and texture so it was a worthwhile purchase . On the other hand , my bird likes to wipe her beak on it so make sure you have enough time to really clean it because food , etc gets stuck in between the threads . All in all , one of the best things I 've gotten for my bird .
 Booda perches are great ! They can be manipulated to fit different size bird cages , and add variety to the perching needs of our feathered children .
 I own two parakeets and they seemed to bored so I decided to get them this -LRB- the size small 14 inch one -RRB- . Like most birds , they like to chew/peck things . My parakeets had bitten through wooden perches , thick pieces of string , their plastic toys ... You name it.I saw this at Petco years ago and planned on getting one since they were sturdy -LRB- which gladly , they are -RRB- . As I type this , my female parakeet is biting away at it . She 's the main cuplrit behind the broken items and though some tiny bits of string are popping up , I think it will take her quite some time to get through it all . Another thing I like it how the perch attaches to the bars of the cage . It kind of uses plastic `` screw '' things ... It 's hard to explain but overall looks neat.Oh , and if you have new birds and they have already settled in their cage , wait until they are used to you and your hand putting things in their cage . I 've had my birds for three years and they were slighty terrified of this perch and it took them like half an hour before they moved closer to it.Overall , it 's a great product . I plan on buying more pretty soon .
 My parrot loves these , they are nice for a bird 's feet ; he does pick at them and shred them , and I will have to replace them every so often , so finding them at a reasonable price point is a plus . The twelve dollars I spent on one of these is much less than they cost at some pet stores .
 Our puppy loves these hard squeeky toys . She 's -LRB- golden -RRB- squeeked them till they no long squeek and still tosses them around . LOL
 This powerhead is a great thing to have for your aquarium if the tank is between 55-90 gallons . It really packs a punch for its size , and has the capacity to move a lot of water fairly quickly . It can also be used in smaller aquariums too , because the waterflow on this powerhead is ADJUSTABLE -LRB- a feature that is rarely seen on other powerheads -RRB- - it can filter 300 g.p.h. or adjusted to filter only a trickle . So this can be a used in aquariums under 55 gallons too.This also has another unique feature - a REVERSE-FLOW option - so the powerhead can also take water from close to the surface and move it through the gravel in the opposite direction . Whichever method of gravel filtration you prefer , this powerhead can accommodate you.It comes with tubes that provide for the option of additional airation through the spout . So if you have a big aquarium loaded with oxygen hungry fish , these powerheads can provide lots of water surface agitation , water airation with bubbles , or you can just omit the bubbles entirely and stick with undergravel filtration only.You can also buy attachable power filters to this separately - no need to invest in expensive poewr filters and powerheads separately - just buy this item and the attachable power filters and you 're set for a powerhead / power filter in the same unit to clean up and polish your aquarium water . Look for the AQUA CLEAR Large Quick Filter and the Large Quick Filter Cartidges for this purpose.I 've been involved with aquariums for over 16 years , and this is one of the finest accessories for an aquarium I 've ever had . If you 're considering ornamental fish as a hobby , I heartily recommend this powerhead . It is powerful , quiet , and gives your options of reverse flow and adjustable waterflow.Be advised on one thing - when the powerhead is operating in reverse flow , small fins like guppies can get stuck to the plastic grid from which water flows into the powerehead - and never escape . So this item is better suited to larger fish when using the reverse flow feature . But it 's adjustability enables you to slow the waterflow to a trickle for a powerhead that does not promote too much water turbulation for smaller fish .
 I love this pump so far . The Aquaclear 20 is perfect for a 29 gallon tank . Previous Penguin powerhead was awful . A pet store recommended and ordered the 660 for my 29 gallon tank . It was way too much power with no way to adjust the output . My fish were getting blown around the tank . Even worse was the vibration . Even tried rocks on top of the cover to stop the rattling . Down graded to 4 stars because the bubble valve does n't adjust to a tiny amount of bubbles without spurting them out off and on again . You either get spurts or a LOT of bubbles . To be fair the Penguin air valve was fancier but did n't work any better .
 Nice powerhead . Using it on an undergravel filter in a 29 gal tank . It 's very quiet and has an airtube for the venturi . If it was n't for the bubbles that I let come out I would n't hear it at all , but then again , it is submerged .
 Forget about airpumps and airstones to aerate your tank , this is just as cheap , but it is MUCH quieter and makes your tank so much better . I like that Aquaclear makes filters that you can attach to this to help keep the water crystal clear . Wish i would have bought this a year ago . I use this in a 55 gallon tank and it would be great for a larger or a smaller tank because of the adjustable flow rate . 5-stars !
 This is a great power head . It was exactly what I needed . It 's not too big or too loud and it fits perfectly on my 29 gallon aquarium . It produces great water flow too . Highly recommended .
 great product . it seems to be working well with my undergravel filter . it cycles the water faster than my air pump which , in turn , makes the water in my tank crystal clear . no matter how cloudy the water gets the powerhead cleans it up right beside the undergravel filter .
 Powerful , compact unit . . Reverse and forward switches making this unit wonderful for enhancing beneficial bacteria in your aquarium . . Only problem I have found is its difficult to use the forward and backward switch , while in the aquarium and the switches sometimes break off
 This powerhead works extremely well and is extremely quiet . It 's made in Italy and the workmanship and material is excellent . The flow is reversible , can be adjusted and has a Venturi valve so you can aerate the water as well . It comes with two attachments so you can attach it to the side or attach it from the top edge.I got it for my 55 gallon tank but the flow was so powerful that I had to dial it down . I 'm going to split the flow and put diffusers on them so that the flow will not be that strong.As far as noise goes , it is absolutely noiseless without the Venturi . But if you connect it , it will make noise as the air bubbles will create noise . As I already have air bubblers , I did n't use this function.Overall , very satisfied with quality and price .
 Very quiet operstion and easy to install . Adjustable water flow is a great feature . Price is about $ 6.00 less than local pet stores and no tax . Only potential negative feature is that on larger tanks with thicker frames you will have to use the suction cups to hold it in place and over time these cups will fail . I would have preferred a hanger to fit thicker frame tanks . Other than that , I would recoommend this product .
 If you need a power head then look no further . It is versatile such that you can use it to add air to your tank or put a filter unit on it to give you some extra filtration . I have been using this brand for years and am happy with their product .
 Great pump and the best price I have found with very fast shipping . I bought this pump to replace one of the three I have had for 15 years .
 This is a wonderful product , I never experienced any problems with it at all . It is quiet , and fits nicely off to the side in the tank .
 I 've been an aquarium enthusiast for about 40 years now . Like many of you , I have used -LRB- or have tried to use -RRB- an air pump to help provide some extra action in the tank . The last brand to make a supposedly `` quiet '' and premium air pump now makes them so loud that it 's impossible to have it in your room . I abandoned the use of them completely . I became curious about the power heads for aquariums . It totally transforms the tank into a much more fun environment for the fish -LRB- currents -RRB- and adds a huge amount of extra air into the water . You can adjust the air flow all the way down to zero , if you want , which makes it silent -LRB- I like quiet tanks -RRB- . But I keep mine at full bore , with the air running , because it is n't really that loud . You will crack up when you see your previously passive fish become active and begin `` body surfing '' the currents in your aquarium . Remember the larger tanks at the City aquariums , with all the brisk movement in the tanks ? It 's like that . It does not overwhelm the fish and they love it . Air and water flow intensity are both adjustable . Totally transforms the tank into something fun for the fish and fascinating for the viewer . Highly recommended . Oh , after I saw how nice it was in my 37 gal. , I bought another one for my 29 gal . It 's a whole new experience now .
 ** I did not get the model shown in the picture with the easy-to-find green power adjustment located mid-powerhead . Be aware that while the functionality , flow rate , etc may be the same , you may get the slightly older model - on the plus side , my model has all black pieces and disappears more easily without the yellow and green pieces ** This item works great . Much better than the Penguin version I had previously -LRB- the impeller started making a horrible noise a week into using it -RRB- . I use this as a Co2 injector/disperser and it puts out tiny little bubbles and creates a nice gentle current . The adjustable flow rate is great so that I do n't blast my plants with water . I also like that the flex tubing intake is slightly oval shaped meaning that your airline is more difficult to put in but does n't fall out constantly.The deflector piece is a bit flimsy and not as adjustable/aim-able as the penguin . You can point it up or down but the Penguin allowed you to adjust it left , right , up , or down without turning the bottom piece . The switch to adjust the flow rate is located at the bottom of the head and can be a bit of a pain to get at if you like to constantly adjust the flow rate . While not really necessary , it would be great if the powerhead locked in to the suction cup attachment rather than slide in . While cleaning the tank we have accidentally knocked the powerhead out and it has fallen to the bottom .
 Great product , used one for past 10 years and it finally died -LRB- was used when I got it even -RRB- just bought another . I use it to power a secondary bed filter in my 55 gal freshwater aquarium , filters and aerates . Beware though , as mentioned by other reviewers it is powerful and will suck up fish if you do n't disperse the suction is some manner .
 these heads are very nice , the price from amazon was hard to beat . Very powerful currents the reverse flow could be a little stronger but i guess if it was it would suck up all my fish = -RRB-
 I have tried others powerheads and found Aquaclear products to be superior to other simular products . After making penny pinching mistakes , I will always by aquaclear
 I like these power heads allot , they are moving allot of water in conjunction with my undergravel filter . I would buy them again .
 I purchased this item primarily to aerate my aquarium but I also wanted more water movement to distribute heat evenly . I 'm happy with the product I think it was well worth the money . The product is a bit confusing to put together since the instructions do n't come in a written format they only show you pictures . If you want more insight on this powerhead and also want to see how to put it together watch my video -LSB- ... -RSB-
 The best hang on filters and one of the best power heads on the market.Unbeatable price and quality , real value for the money . My favorite brand .
 We ordered the AquaClear Powerhead to use in a 20 gallon long aquarium . It works great to keep the water in circulation and add aeration .
 I bought this because I did n't want to buy an air pump and deal with all the tubes going everywhere . I love that it has the added airation feature and works great in conjunction with my fluval 206 filter system . Not to mention that I 'm treating for Ich right now and the airation helps with this a lot.Since I put this in , my one tank with no current takes a long time for the fish to rid their Ich but with this it takes less than a week .
 In the words of Jeremy Clarkson
 I have been using this powerhead 24 hours a day , 7 days a week , you know what I mean . It 's been 6 years and still going strong . My unit was made in Italy . Not sure if it 's still the case today . Can someone comment on that?I also bought the aqua Clear `` Quick Filter Attachment '' and connect it to the powerhead.The powerhead has been working quietly for years !
 I have been been using this power head for just about 2 weeks and it has greatly improved water circulation in my 90 gallon tank .
 Have used this particular powerhead in the past and find it to be reliable and efficient . I have an issue with salt creep and some of the moveable parts on the unit and the strength of the plastic levers that move them .
 Works great , running now for 6 months with no problems . Highly recommend this product . I use it for my saltwater reef tank .
 My husband has a fish tank and he wanted this to add more current to the tank . It did and he was very pleased , the fish liked it as well .
 I purchased this for a 55-gallon aquarium , to power an undergravel filter -LRB- to be used in combination with a Fluval 405 -RRB- . Overall , it 's very nice , operates quietly , and I 've had no problems with it.However , it is not that adjustable . You CAN adjust it using a slider control , but it does n't change the flow rate all that much . You can also adjust the air intake , which is a nice feature . I have not used the reverse-flow feature , so can not really comment on it , but I do fear that the intake might suck up smaller fish should I decide to do that , to reverse waterflow once in a while.It is well-made , and has a number of adjustments to fit it in position , which is nice . Overall I recommend this , but feel that the flow rate should be a bit more adjustable .
 I ordered -LRB- 2 -RRB- of these units , and for the most part they are great little power heads . They are quiet , with low heat , and good flow , they also come with your choice of mounting suction cup or bracket . The only reason for the four stars is the way the pickup stainer at the bottom is attached . Once you mount it -LRB- to the back of the tank as in my situation -RRB- if you rotate the jet too far in either direction the bottom strainer assembly falls off . I have the optional Quick Filters attached so maybe its just my setup ??
 I recently purchased this powerhead to help with circulation in the tank . We were getting that protein film on the top . So far this is a quit powerhead and really gets the water moving . I also purchased the AquaClear filter that attach to the powerhead and have even noticed a big difference in the clarity of the water . The only issue I have is with the attachment to hang on the side of the tank . It feels a little flimsy and feels like the powerhead is too heavy for it . I am currently using this method and have had no problems with it yet . I might switch to the suction cups that come with it though .
 Aquaclear makes great products ! I 've used their powerheads for YEARS and my old ones finally gave out ! Ordered two new ones and am very glad I did . No other powerhead compares !
 So I 'll admit it . I laughed a little when I read the other review about the fish disappearing because they were sucked into the filter . Boy do I have egg on my face now.Yesterday I installed the power head in a 55 gallon tank for 2 large fancy-pants goldfish . As soon as I installed it the fish perked up . The venturi bubbles are awesome and the pump rapidly circulates water around the tank ; this is what I wanted it for , to increase oxygen in the tank.After work when I got home today I found my oranda stuck to the base of the filter . Her eye is all puffy , and from what I 've read I 'm pretty lucky that she still has her eye intact . I cut a hole in an aquarium filter sponge and covered the little suction dealie at the bottom.So , even if you have large fish mind that serious suction!Edit
 This is a great high flow power head at a great price . I recommend it highly .
 Powerful and has a few options moves the water in my 60 gallon fresh no problem the filter attachment works awesome if you buy both . Easy to clean I have sand in my tank comes with suction cups and a over top attachment .
 I rate this product very highly . It iseasy to assemble and use . I enjoy the adjustable flow rate and the directional flow as well . The only problem I seem to have with it is getting it to fit snugly into the undergravel filter uptake tube . Other brands seemed to fit more easily and snugly . Otherwise , I highly recommend this product .
 good stuff , works very well and easy to assemble . niot problesm connecting to my undergravel filter so bonus nochas yo
 Positive
 I bought a 30 so I can have a slightly underpowered powerhead to get some flow in my tank and it turned out to be perfect for my 40gal . As for it being loud , I 'd have to say no unless your tank is not producing a small waterfall by your filter , I 'd say it probably would create some slight noise but if your looking for absolute zero noise pollution , do n't put anything in your tank really.It comes with a hang on back clamp and also a suction cup which is a nice option . It creates tons of bubbles or none at all depending on your adjustment made by an external knob that sits outside of your tank for ease of accessibility.If you have smaller fish , they may get sucked up into the inlet , if that 's the case then I suggest the attachment filter .
 As always AquaClear is a great product for the last 40 years ! My favorite product to get the job done !
 Just install the AquaClear 50 , and my fish are going crazy ... . They ca n't stop playing in the current . After 6 hours my 55 gal , is clear -LRB- I like the filter attachment -RRB- . There are two things that bothered me . The air hose does not attach to the suction piece it just hangs there , next the sound of the power head is not that quiet , it has a little humming sound but , it 's not something that you would run all day . I suggest that , you turn it off at night ... Overall it 's great ...
 It took me a little bit of time to figure ou how to put it in but after it was in it is noisy but it is fun lisening to the water and pump . so it is no problem for me . Good price and it can not be beat .
 I breed and show cats and have never had a problem with it . It is by far the best product for long haired cats . It stops the hair from separating and leaves the coat squeaky clean . I have never heard of any problems with this product in the cat industry .
 The shipping was fast and the bags themselves are good quality . Have been using them for a few months now and they are holding up just fine . The mesh hase n't ripped or rotted and looks to offer many more months of service .
 Filter floss seems to be more effective than standard foam , so I bought this bag . Only complaint is that I wish it used ziptie design as the strings are a bit of a pain to tie . MADE IN CHINA
 The budgies just loved these treats . Had to start using a different brand which has a little different mix and they are n't as happy with the new ones . Which is good in one way ; they do n't eat as much .
 My Parrotlet goes crazy for these . It took me a long time to find anything that she would touch without throwing it at me . With these oat groats she is fluffs up , chirps and makes such cute noises when she see me put the bowl out and goes straight to it . It is a great thing to see !!!
 I am the fifth generation living on a piece of my great-great grandfather 's farmland . There has been a tradition all those years to have an Australian shepherd named Rex living here . And so we do ! He will be eight years old on March third , so has n't yet eaten this tasty-looking and really clever gift . Therefore , I awarded four stars simply because this gift has n't yet passed his taste test . However , it looks good enough for anyone to be tempted to take a bite . I consider this a great gift for any dog owner who loves to indulge his/her pet -- as my husband does the `` king '' at our house .
 my dog stitch is a mix between bichon frise , american staff. , and miniature bull terrier had his first birthday was a couple weeks ago and for awhile before his birthday i was searching all around the internet to look for just the right gift for my puppy , and i came across this Birthday Dog Bone . . and i thought this would be the perfect thing . when it arrived it was a lot bigger then i expected , and my dog he loves it . he couldnt get enough of it , although he cant eat the whole thing . only a couple pieces and there 's still alot left for him probably last for 1-2 weeks . i definitely recommend this to anyone who likes to buy a gift for their dogs birthday 's .
 Bought these to hold Seachem Matrix for use with my AquaClear 50 . Requires the bag to be tied shut and does not have a draw string closure like some other media bags .
 If you own or thinking about owning a Aquaclear filter get these , they will save you money . I use this size media bag on both my Aquaclear filers -LRB- 20 & 50 -RRB- and they work great . The mesh is the perfect size for containing my media Marineland Activated Carbon Diamond Blend 54 ozif you want or need to customize your filter media , this is the way to go
 I had bought 1 of these at a local store , it was their last pkg , and I could n't find them anywhere else , except here on Amazon . Where I live , we have very soft water , very low ph & I needed something to hold some crushed coral sand substrait together in my 4 gallon cube 's power filter , so that when water flows threw it , it buffers the ph natrually with out having to add chemicals . I had used the 2 bags I had purshased from a store in my 55 gallon aquairium in this way & it worked great , I just needed to do the same with the cube . Much cheaper than the powdered additives -LRB- I went that rout in the past & way to extreemly expensive - fast !!! -RRB- . Oh by the way , both of my aquariums are freshwater . Thank you !
 The bag is very fine and has the capacity to hold very small filter media . I use it for activated carbon and will use the second for Seachem Matrix . I think this bag is effective .
 Use it to pack those Seachem Matrix for my penguin bio-wheel filter . Hopefully the matrix will clean out the nitrate in the water . The matrix works beautifully in my 58 gallon goldfish tank . Nitrate is keep below 20 ppm , even for goldfish !!
 My cockatiel has fallen in love with these pine cones . They are very large . Quite a bit of the seed fell off in shipping but it 's still a great treat .
 Are loving these pine cones . I have 2 cockatiels and 2 cinnamon green cheek conures . The pine cones are getting great reviews from them .
 My cockatiel loves these pine cones and it makes for great behavioral enrichment since she has to pick the seeds out of the pine cone . When it 's new we put it over her seed cup so seeds fall into the cup . After she 's finished , we put the pine cone in her `` corner '' and she sleeps on it at night.Sun Seed does n't use any artifical preservatives , so it 's all natural .
 My blue fronted amazon loves these things . I ca n't even tell you how much . I have to put her on her play stand to give her one . She shreds them in about 5 minutes , so being on the stand with the tray allows her to actually go down and eat the treats after she has ripped it apart . She has great fun at these and when she gets to start actually eating the treat , she will spend hours at it . Just be sure that if you are afraid of a mess avoid these , then again if you have a medium to large parrto you are probably use to messes .
 This is the one toy that keeps my voracious Senegal parrot occupied . It last a long while which is a good thing , because he loves to chew on it . And when he is chewing on his treat , he is n't destroying anything else . I recommend this to anyone with a destructive , i.e. bored , bird .
 Nice Size Bag . Bigger than I expected . I was able to put a whole liter of DeNitrate into 1 bag . The box comes with 2 bags . I like the fact that the string is NOT elastic , because elastics tend to untie and tear easily . The string on this bag is long and allows for a good tie .
 This pruduct is very durable . I actualy bought it to put some ammo-chips in because my ammonia levels were a little higher in my tank than I wanted them . It worked out great .
 I got these bags to hold carbon and other filtration media in my canister filter on my aquarium . This bags works effectively . The only complaint I may have is that a significant amount of the fine grit from some carbon media still gets through the bag . For what it is though the bag works effectively . The string ties are easy to close and are able to pull together completely to keep the media in . The price was good .
 These are pretty useful , does the job . Like everyone else I have to complain that these do not have drawstrings , they must be tied .
 These are fantastic for customizing your filter media . Seem sturdy enough to last for some time as well . Just make sure you get the ones that are the right size for your filter .
 I bought these for my aquarium filter . They 're about a year old and still in good shape . You really ca n't go wrong with nylon bags . They 're exactly what I needed .
 I use these bags for activated carbon , Eheim bio substrate , and ammonia remover . They work well , are versatile , and cost little , so they get 5 stars from me .
 This is much better then the rope twisted one by the same company . My lab chews through other bones in 2 seconds , this one lasted her a couple days ! Love this bone and it 's made of natural product , not rawhide !
 They must be Good , because our Bull Terrier went right to town on these as soon as it was out of the package.First he likes to pull them all apart , then he chills down & enjoys them . .
 I have been searching for a healthy cat food that my cats will actually eat . They love this food and I will buy it again .
 Both cats love all of the Max Cat Nutro chunks in sauce , and usually eat all the food instead of licking the gravy and leaving the rest . This has also helped Cavity gain some much needed weight to help with his Thyroid condition . I fully recommend this !
 Both my cats , Love this product , they are extremely picky!My cats especially like the sauve and chunks of lamb , and the also love the Blue Lamb Dry food too !
 My scarlet macaw -LRB- big scarlet -RRB- loves this swing . I got one for him years ago , and he finally had it totally destroyed to the point where I pulled it out of his cage . I had looked every where to get him a new one , but had problems finding it . Then a surprise , I found it here on Amazon . My guy does have fun spinning his swing around , and he does get the bolt unscrewed that is holding it onto the quick link causing it drop . A piece of wire at the top around the plastic joining piece to prevent 360 deg spinning will solve the problem . Yes , it comes oval shaped but it 's easily changed to round , which is what my guy prefers . The size when rounded must be adequate for him -LRB- he 's large for a scarlet -RRB- because it 's his favorite place to hang out and to sleep . He has a super size standard swing I gave him when I was n't able to find this one , and he wo n't even sit in it -LRB- but he does smash it on the side of his cage when he wants attention or wants out -RRB- .
 Though this product is well made and attractive , it is definitely not small . I have a canary who never uses it because it is so big and bulky .
 We got this for our Quaker . It took him a while to go on it , but he likes it now . He uses it to come out and go back in from the top of the cage .
 If your parrot likes to swing , this is an item for you ! Worth every cent ! Well made as all Booda products are !
 My African Grey parrot loves swings and this one tops the others we have tried . The only reason I gave it 4 instead of 5 starts is that the first swing only lasted about 2 weeks before she chewed through the rope . But the second is lasting a bit longer , and as long as the price stays reasonable , we can afford to order her a replacement when need . She uses the swing constantly and even says &#34; weeeee &#34; when she is on it , which is so cute .
 Was too small for my Blue and Gold Macaw so I returned it but will be ordering a large one from the same company . You ca n't go wrond with Booda products for birds and the price is right !
 This was way bigger than I thought it would be . But it looks like it will last my little guy forever .
 I am really happy to buy this product for my pet cockatoo , especially when they are so hard to find here in Australia . I will definitely repurchase another when this one is worn out and highly recommend this product to anyone who has a large pet bird .
 I bought this swing for my young very animated canary , Makana . He really liked his smaller wooden swing , although when he lands on it , it swings wildly . He only stays on it a few seconds before he jumps off of it . I wanted him to have an alternative swing of different texture and form . So I got the small Booda swing.Makana loves his Booda swing ! He was fascinated with it as soon as I hung it in his cage . He pecked at it and went around and around looking at it from different sides . Finally he jumped on it and it has been his favorite perch ever since . He sleeps and plays on it and pecks and pulls at the strings . When he lands on it , it only sways a little for a gentle rocking sensation and he seems to like that.I am setting up a much larger flight cage for him , so I will likely get another one or two of these Booda swings for that cage .
 My bird is an african grey timneah . He loves his Booda swing and is on it all the time . That why I bought 2 of them . You have a wonderfull choice of produuts and I plan on buying many more things from you . Again , Thanks for making my bird happy . From a happy customer , Buddy aka . Tarzan .
 I gave this 5 stars , because it 's Booda . They make amazing bird swings and perches . But this small swing , is NOT SMALL . It is quaker or conure size ! Not for parakeets !!
 I bought this swing at a discount compared to the local pet store . I was n't sure what to expect but I was surprised to see how big it was . I have 2 sun conures and they both fit on it perfectly ! They love it , too . It 's chewable , too , so the birds wo n't break it . Mine have been chewing on it for weeks and it 's barely showing the wear .
 http://www.amazon.com/gp/product/B0002AR77M/ref=cm_cr_rev_prod_titleI have 2 parakeets and they just love this swing . It truly is a comfortable and healthy item for them . It is unhealthy for the birds feet if you use plastic items for them to perch on . I buy various items made of natural things for them to perch on . I also make sure their perches vary in diameters from 1/2 '' to 1 '' but no larger to ensure their muscles in their little feet get the proper exercise to keep them healthy . My parakeets are 5 years old now and this soft swing has become their favorite place to perch . They also love to nibble on it so its soothing to them as well .
 The medium size was a little bigger than I expected , but still a good size for a cockatiel . And it just so happens that this swing has become my cockatiels favorite place to perch . He naps on it , climbs around on the outside , or pulls on it just to watch it swing back and forth . I 'd definitely recommend this product to my fellow bird owners .
 I have been buying my bird toys from a variety of sources . This vendor has great prices , ships on time , and great service . Thanks .
 Length :
 I used this for my lab mix when traveling to Japan and I have to say that it worked very well for what it was intended for . The reason for the 4 stars is because although it works , it took several tries to see what the right dosage for my dog would be . They give recommended doses based on weight but it did not work the first couple of times I gave it to my dog and I had to figure it out myself -LRB- safely of course -RRB- . When used 1hr . prior to a stressful situation and the right dosage it helps my dog to stop salivating and panting so much and eases the excessive whining .
 1300 + mile trip and my cat remained bright-eyed , yet calm and relaxed . When I arrived at my new home , he searched around and quickly made himself right at home . Would definitely buy again !!
 I have a rambunctious 7 month old German Shepherd that I do n't always have the time to walk , so this comes in handy when I need to keep the peace ! It 's also good for anxious pets .
 We have used this product in the past . When we ran out I went to many pet stores trying to find it . I could not find it anywhere . So I bought a different brand from PetsMart . Our Freckles did not like the taste or smell as compared to Synergy Pet Calm she loves it . Needless to say the stuff I bought did not work for her and we had a very long night trying to keep her calm due to the thunder storms we were having .
 I recommend this product to every animal person I meet -LRB- which is a lot because I 'm big into animal rescue -RRB- . I bought this on the recommendation of a PetCo worker because they did n't have any PAP collars at my location -LRB- small store -RRB- . My senior rescue Pommie had severe anxiety and would pee on my kitchen floor when I would leave her alone without fail , even if I was only gone an hour . I could n't crate her because I 'd come home to a crate of poo -LRB- even on my walls and in her upsidedown water bowl ! -RRB- and she would bark like crazy . This drops stopped her anxiety . No more accidents on the floor , just give her one drop before I leave -LRB- sometimes literally RIGHT BEFORE I left , not the 30 min advanced like they recommend -RRB- and she was a perfect angel . I love this product because I only had to use it when I left , not every day -LRB- like a PAP collar -RRB- . The bottle lasted me a couple months til I was halfway through . I actually stopped giving it to my dog and she was fine . I think having gone a couple months anxiety free -LRB- thanks to the drops -RRB- got her able to do it on her own , which was great ! I gave the drops to a friend for his anxious dog -- I wish I had them now because my foster dog is anxious , but oh well , have to buy some more tomorrow!If you 're on the fence about this product , buy it . It 's totally worth it . It literally worked a miracle on my dog . . and my sanity !
 My Cat is a pain . Tried this so we could bring him to the vet . Mixed a few drops in with some canned tuna and he ate it right up . Seemed to calm him a bit , but unfortunately not too much as he was still nervous.Heard great reviews about the company and thought I would try it out . But this just was n't for my cat .
 i have a great dane who gets a little weird with new guests , but it seemed to take his edge off . could n't believe how sweet he was ... thinking about using a little everyday !!
 Precise puts out amazing pet food . This light formula still has plenty of meat . Its less in calories and fat for your chubby pet . Of course , most light formulas are not as tasty . My cats dont have too much of an issue with the taste . I mix a little of the Holistic complete grain free turkey and chicken with it .
 I love this food for my ferret!Out of all the brands I 've tried marshalls , zupreem , ultimate 8-in-1 and katy , this is the best food I have found!There is no fish meal which most other brands include . Fish meal makes the food smell bad , and also makes the fecal waste smell worse.The addition of spirulina and papaya is great . It really adds to the nutritional content and makes my fuzzy healthier.The food is the same size and look as regular food , but thinner so it is easier to consume . I found with other brands they were ok and agreeable , but my ferret would sometimes choke and have the food stuck in her mouth because it was so thick and then she would end up scratching her gums with her nails to get it clear . The sunseed food is thin and I have not seen my ferret choke ever again.TO RECAP : Nutritional food and NO FISH MEALEasy to eatDoes NOT make ferret feces smell bad -LRB- helps actually -RRB- Happy ferret
 Great item ; I bought it for my old arthritic dog , and now all the dogs want to lie on it ! I ordered one for myself , too , it seems to help me sleep deeper . The magnets are lightly embedded in foam with a damask cover ; you can hardly feel them . Good value and excellent customer service .
 We tried virtually every other dog food product with little luck , our doggie just could n't handle the stuff . Although hard to get from many sources , Precise Sensicare Lam and Rice -LRB- along with sliced chicken breast -RRB- was about the only thing that our little 150 pound pup could tolerate . The manufacturer is short on local availability -LRB- their list of vendors is hopelessly out-of-date -RRB- but it 's accessible via this source . If all else fails with a delicate bellied dog , Precise may come through for you pet too .
 My scarlet macaw -LRB- big scarlet -RRB- loves this swing . I got one for him years ago , and he finally had it totally destroyed to the point where I pulled it out of his cage . I had looked every where to get him a new one , but had problems finding it . Then a surprise , I found it here on Amazon . My guy does have fun spinning his swing around , and he does get the bolt unscrewed that is holding it onto the quick link causing it drop . A piece of wire at the top around the plastic joining piece to prevent 360 deg spinning will solve the problem . Yes , it comes oval shaped but it 's easily changed to round , which is what my guy prefers . The size when rounded must be adequate for him -LRB- he 's large for a scarlet -RRB- because it 's his favorite place to hang out and to sleep . He has a super size standard swing I gave him when I was n't able to find this one , and he wo n't even sit in it -LRB- but he does smash it on the side of his cage when he wants attention or wants out -RRB- .
 Though this product is well made and attractive , it is definitely not small . I have a canary who never uses it because it is so big and bulky .
 We got this for our Quaker . It took him a while to go on it , but he likes it now . He uses it to come out and go back in from the top of the cage .
 If your parrot likes to swing , this is an item for you ! Worth every cent ! Well made as all Booda products are !
 My African Grey parrot loves swings and this one tops the others we have tried . The only reason I gave it 4 instead of 5 starts is that the first swing only lasted about 2 weeks before she chewed through the rope . But the second is lasting a bit longer , and as long as the price stays reasonable , we can afford to order her a replacement when need . She uses the swing constantly and even says &#34; weeeee &#34; when she is on it , which is so cute .
 Was too small for my Blue and Gold Macaw so I returned it but will be ordering a large one from the same company . You ca n't go wrond with Booda products for birds and the price is right !
 This was way bigger than I thought it would be . But it looks like it will last my little guy forever .
 I am really happy to buy this product for my pet cockatoo , especially when they are so hard to find here in Australia . I will definitely repurchase another when this one is worn out and highly recommend this product to anyone who has a large pet bird .
 I bought this swing for my young very animated canary , Makana . He really liked his smaller wooden swing , although when he lands on it , it swings wildly . He only stays on it a few seconds before he jumps off of it . I wanted him to have an alternative swing of different texture and form . So I got the small Booda swing.Makana loves his Booda swing ! He was fascinated with it as soon as I hung it in his cage . He pecked at it and went around and around looking at it from different sides . Finally he jumped on it and it has been his favorite perch ever since . He sleeps and plays on it and pecks and pulls at the strings . When he lands on it , it only sways a little for a gentle rocking sensation and he seems to like that.I am setting up a much larger flight cage for him , so I will likely get another one or two of these Booda swings for that cage .
 My bird is an african grey timneah . He loves his Booda swing and is on it all the time . That why I bought 2 of them . You have a wonderfull choice of produuts and I plan on buying many more things from you . Again , Thanks for making my bird happy . From a happy customer , Buddy aka . Tarzan .
 I gave this 5 stars , because it 's Booda . They make amazing bird swings and perches . But this small swing , is NOT SMALL . It is quaker or conure size ! Not for parakeets !!
 I bought this swing at a discount compared to the local pet store . I was n't sure what to expect but I was surprised to see how big it was . I have 2 sun conures and they both fit on it perfectly ! They love it , too . It 's chewable , too , so the birds wo n't break it . Mine have been chewing on it for weeks and it 's barely showing the wear .
 http://www.amazon.com/gp/product/B0002AR77M/ref=cm_cr_rev_prod_titleI have 2 parakeets and they just love this swing . It truly is a comfortable and healthy item for them . It is unhealthy for the birds feet if you use plastic items for them to perch on . I buy various items made of natural things for them to perch on . I also make sure their perches vary in diameters from 1/2 '' to 1 '' but no larger to ensure their muscles in their little feet get the proper exercise to keep them healthy . My parakeets are 5 years old now and this soft swing has become their favorite place to perch . They also love to nibble on it so its soothing to them as well .
 The medium size was a little bigger than I expected , but still a good size for a cockatiel . And it just so happens that this swing has become my cockatiels favorite place to perch . He naps on it , climbs around on the outside , or pulls on it just to watch it swing back and forth . I 'd definitely recommend this product to my fellow bird owners .
 I have been buying my bird toys from a variety of sources . This vendor has great prices , ships on time , and great service . Thanks .
 Great buy and low shipping cost for something this heavy . Make sure when you order this you look for the 20 cents a pound shipping .
 Excellent product ! I feed my 2 cats grain-free foods after discovering that the `` urinary infections '' one had been having was actually an allergy to glutens and grains , both the major sources of protein in most pet foods because it 's cheap and has a long shelf life . The vet tried selling me expensive `` prescription '' foods , but those have the same ingredients , just three times the cost . There are a number of good choices of grain-free foods out now , so your cat can enjoy some variety , though they like consistency and i always introduce a new food mixed in slowly with familiar ones . The chief advantage of this one for my cats is the shape of the pieces . It is a star shape , which causes them to eat it more slowly than the little disc shapes of many foods . The discs are often swallowed whole and then regurgitated , so the cat does n't get the nourishment and you get the mess . I will say one more thing about this brand - it 's well digested and tolerated . Pardon my saying it , but some of the super concentrated high protein foods cause an amazingly bad smell in the litter pan . This one actually helped my gluten allergic cat have a little firmer stool consistency and does n't leave my eyes watering from the odor . Finally and importantly , the cats eat it up , often even when i give them some canned food alongside it . They really like it . I will be buying Precise Chicken Formula for as long as they make it . It 's good for cats .
 I have been feeding my cat Sporkie this food since he was a kitten . He is now 16 and has NEVER been sick ! I have added the senior variety to his diet -LRB- from Precise -RRB- but mix it with this one as well . I did however try to change his food twice in the last 16 years and both times it did not go well . Once about 10 years ago I tried switching him to Max Cat and he became very angry and aggressive , switched him back and he was fine . I tried about a year ago to add the `` all natural herbal '' variety from Precise and he got sick , got a UTI , that however , was the first time in his life he had been on an antibiotic ! I swear by Precise !! It is a pain to have to have it shipped , as I can not buy it locally any longer , but so worth it for Sporkie .
 Never disappointed . My dog food delivery is on time and and consistently as ordered . I have been a customer almost three years .
 Very nice bowl ; very reasonable in a not-so-easy-to-find color . Got here super quick !!
 These were just the right size to feed a litter of puppies with.They are heavy enough that they ca n't be dragged all over the house , and wo n't be easily tipped over !! I highly reccommend !!
 Our lab has allergies and food sensitivity , and we have found that Sensible Choice is the food best tolerated for her . She loves the Lamb Meal and Rice product , and fortunately Amazon offers this product , as other sources are routinely `` out of Stock . '' Would prefer that Amazon offer this product in 40 lbs . bags rather than 20 lbs .
 This latex toy will hold up to pretty much any dog . The only problem I have is that our boston terrier takes the squeaker out of every toy , the first thing . The nice thing about latex though is that he can not chew up this toy . Latex is the only toy he can not chew up.Hats off to the bovine
 My 3 month old kitten was starting to smell stinky , and I knew trying to give her a bath was not going to work . I know cats do n't like water and my kitten Buttercup is no exception . So , I found this on Amazon and decided to give it a try . I can say that this has a very light scent and it is definately a very pleasant scent . That is what I like about it . Also , there is no problem with the product itself . I had to only give it 4 stars because my kitten HATES this stuff ! I wait until she is sound asleep before I put some on my hand to rub on her fur . As soon as I touch her with this on my hand , she FREAKS OUT and takes off . I ca n't find her for awhile . I 've realized that the problem is that this stuff is really just like water once it hits her fur . I am still going to use it on her and I 've tried a few other times to get some on her . I am never able to get her all over with it , so I just put some on her back . She trys to lick it off all the time -LRB- and pretty much does -RRB- and I end up with scratches all over my hands/arms . Okay with me because it does help Buttercup to smell less stinky .
 Our kitten completely refused to take water bath after her third bath , so we have been trying to look for alternatives . My review for this product is that it smells subtly soft and nice . As my kitty always look clean , I can not tell a huge difference but her fur looks fluffier and smooth after I brushed it when the form dried , the nice smell just makes me want to hug her even more . I 've tried the dry powder product but do n't really like it due to the power fall off everywhere . I think this one is a winner and I highly recommend it for now unless there will be better product comes to the market . We wipe our kitten once to twice a day with baby wipe and hair brush and will be using this product on a weekly/fortnightly basis for more thorough clean , think the combination will be a good enough alternative to water bath our kitten.Just some addition info to share with other cat owners , I think most cats would not sit still when we apply anything on their body , if that 's the case we need to find ways to divert their focus away . When we were applying the form on our kitty , I carry her in my one arm like I usually do , with the other hand initially rubbing her body without the form , then my partner squeezed the form in the hand I used to rub the kitty when our kitty looked away , then I continue to rub her , to avoid our kitten from licking straight after the application , I quickly play with her with her favourite bouncing miceshe was purring during the entire process = -RRB-
 We used this on a rescued kitten and it worked great , got rid of all the dirt and we only suffered minor damage .
 It was very easy to use this on my cat . I put some foamies in my hand , massaged it into her fur , -LRB- repeat -RRB- and then brushed her thoroughly.She enjoyed every minute of it .
 This is the best perch I have ever had for my cockatiel . You will need a large cage -- the perch is bulky and takes up a lot of room -- it does function as advertised and can be contorted to any configuraton . This size fits my bird 's feet so his toes do not wrap all the way around the perch . Fantastic product .
 I would strongly suggest buying this Comfy Perch Cross , it is absolutely amazing and my bird loves it . You can set up various play areas and its great if you have a bird with a splayed leg .
 I am a very finicky cat , but triumph trout is one of my favorite dinners . I especially enjoy it after a hard day of work . - VJM
 I have a young Weimaraner and his gas post-meals was embarassing.After talking with my vet and experimenting with different solutions , I used this supplement . After acclimating to the supplement , the gas was vastly improved . He has a pretty voracious appetite , but if I sprinkle this powder on top he is more than happy to chow down as usual . There were no negative side effects.As a random note , the scooper in my first container was buried halfway down .
 I should have tired this long ago ! I am seeing good results already and it has only been a few weeks . I have a 5 year old female Yorkie who has skin allergies for over 3 years . In the last year she has tiny bumps on her neck the Depo shot did n't take care of and now the bumps are about gone.My other dogs 5 in all -LRB- 2 more Yorkies and 2 Maltese -RRB- do n't have skin problems , but their skin looks calm . . not blotchy . I feed it to them cause it is good for them . As now I see!They LOVE the taste !!! I do n't put it in their food as a powder or wet like a gravy , cause I do n't want the Maltese 's to get brown stains on their faces . So I make into balls and hand feed like treats they love it , so it do n't take long before their gobbled down . + I can wash my hands easier then I can wash 5 dogs faces.I am hoping to be a long time user !! So I will be back to complete this review after a few months . My allergy dog has to take Depo shots , so I 'm hoping Nupro will alleviate the need for that . Time will tell.UPDATE...07-31-2012I 'm back and ordered another 5 pounds . Good good stuff ... although it did not help my itchy allergy dog -LRB- grass allergy -RRB- her coat and all 5 dogs coats look awesome . I never seen them look so shiny and their skin just says healthy .
 I have been feeding my dogs -LRB- 2 -RRB- this product for about 15 years . Each had/has a beautiful coat and I use Lipiderm with it . No hot spots on my Labs . The dogs have never had any digestive issues with this either .
 I got this for my 4 month old female boxer and my 7 year old male boxer . Too early to tell if the product is benifiting them but they love it ! It states to give them full dose for 2 months , then can give 1/2 dose after that . It makes a rich brown gravy that smells like beef gravy . They love it , licking the bowl clean !
 We have an adopted retired racing greyhound . Nupro Gold was recommended as a supplement for him . We believe it has vitamins and nutrition that adds to his daily diet . AND - he LOVES it !
 This is such a good product . The dogs LOVE it and it is easy to use . It makes a terrific gravy for dry kibble and provides extra nutrition , including the probiotics they need . It smells good too ! It was recommended to us by our dog trainer who has used it for his dogs for years . Their coats are shiny , their nails stronger and they are lean and energetic . I highly recommend it .
 Our dogs love it . They have more energy and are healthy . They also have beautiful coats . We do n't give them the full dose because they 're small breed dogs . We just noticed that Nupro has a supplement for small breed dogs so we just purchased that product to try . We will let you know if our dogs love it as much as this one.Nupro Dog Supplement - 5 lb
 Great product ! If I accidentally spill some of the powdered mixture on the rug while preparing dinner for my `` four-leggeds '' one of my dogs will unrelentingly lick the carpet clean . Their coats look fabulous and their overall health seems to have improved . My allergy prone black lab has been less itchy and his scratching has almost stopped .
 Great stuff it keeps my dog healthy and fit . Does wonders for her coat . -LRB- Golden retriever -RRB- a b c d e f g
 My dog loves this product . Half the time , she would sniff her usual food and walk away . Since we 've been using Nupro Suppl. , she licks the bowl ... and it 's good for her .
 Our dogs adore Nupro . They have great energy , beautiful coats , and are very healthy . Our dogs also compete in LGRA racing , and with Nupro , their recovery between races , and in the days following meets , is much better . We are very happy with this product and highly recommend it .
 We recently bought an adult bulldog . His gas was so bad we thought he was going to give us methane poisoning while he slept in our bedroom ! We had to light candles just to burn away the stench . Originally we bought this product due to a recommendation for tear stains . I did n't realize it was going to help us breathe easier ! Within 2 days of starting Nupro his gas was significantly better , now after 2 months of Nupro he is n't a stinky bulldog and we all sleep alot better at night ! They love the taste , and we can definitely tell which days he has n't received his nupro !
 I first won a 5-pound can of Nupro at a collie specialty show . The person who donated the gift commented , `` This stuff will grow hair on eggs ! '' Funny . But I 've used it for several years ever since that first can , and my collie 's coat is gorgeous . This is a great product . My dog is 9-1/2 yrs old , looks about 4 , and acts like a puppy . -LRB- You can see him at -LSB- ... -RSB- . -RRB- I wo n't stop adding this to his food .
 Taking into consideration that there is no single Perfect supplement for any creature - human or otherwise , Nupro has much to be proud of . Unlike many other supplements Nupro is manufactured here in the United States from first quality sources . Recent findings that Pharmaceutical giant Pfizer.Who has sourced out the manufacturing of Pet-Tabs to India , along with the newly published report by Consumer labs that levels of lead approaching the toxic zone have been discovered.Nupro is based on a whole food concept . You very well could feed your dog nothing but Nupro and expect most nutritional needs to be met . However specific proteins and essential vitamins and trace minerals would be missed.I mention this only to re enforce that although Nupro is n't a replacement for a healthy diet - it can enhance what ever food you are currently feeding your pooch.As a dog lover who has never been without a dog or three for 50 plus years . I have been making my own dog food for over thirty.Long before the was an Internet I was teaching myself all I could about canine nutrition . My self education continues - and I remain highly suspect of any commercial dog food.Especially if you consider that out of literally thousands of brands and sub brands - there are a mere 14 considered safe and healthy . Since the founding of Nupro some 25 years ago there has never been a single instance of a recall , tainted ingredient or other unfortunate mishap.Using palatable desiccated -LRB- powdered -RRB- liver as a base Nupro adds the following :1 -RRB- Kelp - rich in trace minerals and iodine Kelp is proven to improve glandular functions and provide a rich source of natural vitamins A , B1 , B2 , C , and E. 2 -RRB- Amino Acids and Enzymes - proven to strengthen the immune system in dogs and humans .3 -RRB- Flax Seed - Great source of Omega 3 Fats . Unlike fish oils no smell and what is more , no chance of mercury .4 -RRB- Lecithin - long applauded for it 's effect on brain , nerve and healthy liver function .5 -RRB- Allicin -LRB- highly condensed garlic oil -RRB- Proven to fight cardiovascular disease . A powerhouse of anti oxidants .6 -RRB- Lactobacillus Acidophilus - Helps regulate the digestive system , reduces gas , bloating and stomach upset . Can compliment the use of whole fat yogurt for those who use it.Nupro is in powdered form and does not need to be refrigerated . Over the past year , I have exchanged emails with founder and she is eager to answer any questions and support any claims with factual studies and information.My only real concern with Nupro is that I believe the initial dose recommendations are far too excessive.The company would benefit by adding label information addressed to those dogs with sensitive stomachs and or digestive problems.But common sense should prevail . Never overload a new ingredient to any dogs diet . Acclimation should be reduced to the smallest denominator.Rather than one large scoop -LRB- included -RRB- I would advise a teaspoon at most for dogs over 50 lbs and significantly less for smaller dogs . For finicky eaters Nupro can be mixed with a little warm water to make a gravy - and who does n't like gravy?By adding Nupro to your dogs diet you can expect to see :1 -RRB- Dramatic improvement in the coat . More shine and less shedding .2 -RRB- Less stomach upset3 -RRB- Firmer stools4 -RRB- Higher balanced behavior and more energy5 -RRB- Improved breathNupro is an excellent time proven product.Used conservatively in the beginning both you and your beloved pooch and or pooches should experience an overall improvement in many areas of your dogs overall health and well being .
 I bought this for my yellow lab who has had two seizures in the past 3 months . After lots of research , I decided to add this supplement to her diet , along with a Vitamin C supplement . Her first and second seizures were about 11/2 months apart . Its been a little over a month since I started her on this supplement and almost a month and a half since her last seizure . I do n't know if it has to do with the supplements or not , but at least my dog 's seizures are n't becoming more frequent ! I will definitely be keeping her on this supplement to see how things go . Its much cheaper and healthier than taking her to the vet for medications ! Plus , she LOVES the taste of this ! She thinks she 's getting a treat !
 I was very exicited when I received Nupro in the mail . I read the recommended dosage to give my English Bulldog puppy and followed the instructions . It says 1 scoop per day per her weight . She loved the flavor , had a ton of energy and a brilliant coat to match . Many people were amazed that she had that much energy for a bullie . However after the first day , I noticed messy , messy stools that were a nightmare to clean up . I figured it was her system trying to get acclimated to the product but after several weeks the stools never solidified . I talked to my vet and he recommended I take her off Nupro . So , I do not recommend giving this to your pup -LRB- at least an EB pup , since I 'm not sure about other breeds -RRB- until their digestive systems strengthen . But once she 's old enough , I will definitely put her on it again.EDIT
 I rescue and adopt senior dogs from shelters who have been dumped , abandoned on the streets , or have lost their owners to health issues or death . Many come here in very bad condition and often have serious health problems , like cancer . NUPRO Joint Support and NUPRO Gold have helped my rescues to become healthy again and given them the will to live . I also have Basenjis who were rescued - mine were BYB -LRB- backyard breeder -RRB- dogs and a couple need extra supplements . NUPRO , along with good quality dog food , keeps my fur-family healthy , their coats beautiful , eliminates lameness , and contributes to better teeth , eyesight , digestion , and over-all good health . Without NUPRO my results rehab ` ing dogs is not the same .
 Nupro All Natural Dog Supplement added to my dog 's kibble , and made into a savory smelling gravy with a tablespoon of hot water , guarantees that my pooch will lick that bowl clean for minutes on end . I must confess it smells so good that I make lip smacking sounds myself . Because it makes such a rich sauce with the addition of liquid , there are times when I can leave off the usual tablespoon or two of canned food and still provide my dog with a meal she loves . I feel good about the added benefits of Nupro-like sneaking vegetables into a picky child 's diet without a peep of objection ! A great product , and the cheapest price I 've found is on Amazon.com .
 My great dane , Sophie , was diagnosed with bone cancer -- lower right front wrist -- the end of March 2012 . The vet told me that without chemo and amputation , she would have about 6-8 weeks as this type of cancer is extremely aggressive and quickly gets to the lungs and heart . After spending close to $ 20,000 on chemo with another dane who suffered from cancer , we did not think Sophie would handle an amputation well or the chemo -LRB- our other dane , Daisy , had a very rough time with the chemo -RRB- . After doing a great deal of research on the Internet , I have found the following have kept Sophie going for the past five months
 This is a wonderful supplement . Our greyhound has many health problems , and this product gives him a lot of nutrition that he needs .
 My picky eater chihuahua gobbles up her food when I sprinkle Nupro on it and this seems to give her great energy . Good stuff . Highly recommend !
 I have to admit I was a little skeptical , but goodness , ... my dogs look so much healthier ! I have two corgis , and now their coats shine , my girls tummy rash -LRB- allergies -RRB- is gone completely . And my boy , well he always had a slight limp since we adopted him , but I have n't seen him limp since I started Nupro ... Even after a double walk on pavement ! Oh , and they love the taste , we always have clean food bowls after Nupro :-RRB- .
 I think this has helped my dog with skin issues and overall health . My vet recommended a supplement but was not specific . I went by reviews and have ordered many of these .
 This was my 3rd time ordering Nupro . My dog loves it . She used to have alergies , but no more . I would like to recommend Nupro for all dogs in the USA .
 Have had my 4yr old dog on it for over a year and my 5 month old pup has been on it since I got her . Makes such a difference in their coats and they love it
 He does n't have fleas . So I tried this product . After a week on this stuff -LRB- 1 scoop twice a day in his food -RRB- , the itching has stopped completely !
 My dog recently had her leg removed due to cancer . Nupro was recommended as a supplement . She loves it . Her coat is shiny , she has more energy , I recommend it highly .
 I like the statistics on this product but my dogs have n't used it long enough to see a difference . Additionally , they eat top quality food and already received other supplements so who knows if I 'll ever see a difference.There have been no negative effects by adding this -LRB- such as gas , runny poo 's , allergic reactions etc -RRB- I have five dogs . Two are picky eaters . This supplement causes the picky eaters to inhale their food . Good stuff !
 The service was great . The product is wonderful . We have mature dogs and it 's been a great asset to them . It 's been beneficial to their skin and coats . It 's worth the money.The Nupro joint supplement is also wonderful . You add either one to the food and a 1/4 cup of water . It makes a great gravy . The dogs love it . I mix it with their dry food and a 1/4 cup of canned food . They all mix well . You 'd be doing your dogs a favour by using either or both of these products.Nupro also makes supplements for cats .
 Product so far is great . But my review is mostly on this store discount pet supplies . I did recieve my order but it took them 2 weeks to send it out . Why i do not know i paid with a credit card and ordered 7 other products the same day and recieved all them products in less then 5-7 days . While this company took 1-2 weeks just to send the product . Beaware .
 I have used Nupro for years.It has been hard to get.So glad to find it again.My dogs all liked junk food , so I found Nupro , now they can eat their junk food and still be healthy.I wish they made it for people.Way to long a list of all the good stuff it has in it , just know , its natural and great for your fur-babies
 This supplement is really good . I decided to use this product after a few friends recommended . So i decided to give it a try and its great . My dogs stool was a little soft and she became a little gassy but after a few days she was fine . Her fur looks great and she has more energy . Great supplement at a good price .
 We now have 2 dogs , one old and one younger . I have added Nupro to the older dogs diet because i believe she may have Cancer . This product has a lot of nutrients that are seriously lacking in commercial pet foods and should be added to every dogs diet . We also have some other things we give the older dog in her `` Anti Cancer '' diet.martinbraden@internode.on.net
 Our dogs inhale this stuff ! They are fed at 6 pm daily . They now are in the kitchen at 5:45 pm next to their bowl , wagging their tails and asking ... where is it ????? We have been using it for just over 1 month . Coats are SO soft . We just bought the 20 lb ... we can never not have it in the house .
 I have 7 dogs ... all different sizes and breeds . I make agravy paste and add it over their dry food . Every single one of them gulps this stuff down -- I 've never had ALL of them love anything as much as this before ! It looks nasty when mixed -LRB- think dirty diaper -RRB- , smells like beef gravy , but it certainly does the trick . Two of my dogs have arthritis and they seem to be improving -LRB- I also give them fish oil and glucosamine -RRB- . My beagle has gone from being barely able to stand up to running around and playing . I 'm waiting to see if it helps with the tear stains on my Bulldog 's face . Too soon to tell . But they all love it and for that reason alone , so do I.
 At the suggestion of the dog show handler for my golden retriever I started both of my goldens on the Nupro suppliment . I made it into a gravey as suggested . Both of the goldens know when it is time for the suppliment and egerly await its preparation . They lap it up with gusto !!!! It is super treat in their eyes ! Just as good , within 2 weeks their coats had an extra glow and were softer to the touch . This was most noticable . These 2 dogs are already on super premium food , and still the change was dramatic . I , and my goldens , would highly recommend this suppliment !!!!
 My bulldog puppy loves the taste - then again he loves the taste of rocks and crickets too . The breeder we bought from recommended this , so we went with it . The price + shipping was the lowest I found .
 My dog -LRB- boxer -RRB- gained 10 pounds in two months on this stuff . I swear by it . Created great muscle tone .
 I would love to be able to review Nupro Gold , but I did not receive what I ordered . I received Nupro Silver . I was fairly certain I ordered correctly but the shipping statement said Nupro Silver . I figured I must have reversed some numbers . Silver has glucosamine condroidin in it which my older dog could use . I certainly hope it does n't hurt my puppy for she eats it too . I suspect this review wo n't get printed . I do like the product . My dogs seem to like the taste . They have n't been taking it long enough for me to tell any difference in them . I feed my dogs the best I can afford ; and only give them healthy snacks , so they are in excellent shape already . I did pass Nupro 's info on to a friend who 's dog has stage 4 cancer . Her dog enjoys Nupro also and it seems to be giving her energy and keeping her eating .
 A lady who breeds Golden Retrievers recently boarded my two adult Shar-Peis . She uses and strongly recommended this product . They 've been on it for about 2 months . My 3 yr old female 's allergies and ear infections dropped through the floor in the first 30 days . My 12 yr old 's male 's coat is shiny and lustrous again , he sheds a lot less and he has a lot more energy . I mix it with a little water to make a thick gravy and pour over their food . They really enjoy the taste . The benefits are so visible , I will keep this in their diet for good . The price was right from this supplier and the shipping was quick . It 's a great , inexpensive way to improve their health .
 My dogs absolutely love the taste of this stuff . It makes a wonderful smelling gravy . I love the fact that I do n't have to give them anything else besides this in addition to their dry food . I do n't know if my dogs would eat their plain food again without this mixed in . I have n't noticed that much difference in their overall health , but they were already in great condition before giving this to them . I just hated having to mix lots of different supplements and yogurt and so on every time I fed them . This makes it wonderfully easy to keep them healthy . And Amazon has the best prices to buy this .
 I put my Samoyed on Nupro when she started to blow her coat in May . The coat that grew back was the thickest , fullest coat she has ever had - and this was during the summer ! She has been off Nupro for a couple of months now , so I ordered a new container to see what her coat will look like after it blows again and regrows for winter.Both of the dogs really enjoy the taste and lick their bowls clean after each meal . They are on a raw diet , so the Nupro also ads the extra nutrients they may be lacking from their diet .
 Great product because it turns ordinary dry food my dog gets bored with , into a warm , gravy soaked meal he loves . He tends to under-eat and has digestive problems b/c he had Parvo when he was a puppy . I love Nupro for being healthy for him , and helping him enjoy his meals more . This product is worth it 's weight in gold . TRULY >
 SInce onset of use , my dog 's coats has improved 100 % , and they responded to it well .
 This product is a superior supplement for dogs . I have been giving this to my schnauzer for the past 7 years and she is extremely healthy . The purchase price is at least 1/3 of what I have been paying at the pet store . She loves the gravy mix with her food and it is very beneficial to her in every way .
 I have n't used this product very long , but my dogs actually have more energy than usual and there coats look better , thats all I can say right now since I have n't used it only about 3 weeks now .
 I 've been using this product for my 3 yr . old Chessie since he was a puppy . It does a great job keeping him healthy with the vitamins and minerals in it . It also keeps his skin and fur healthy.I put 2 tsp on dry food then mix with water ... he loves it ! -LRB- 2 tsp is the maintenance measurement -RRB-
 My dogs coats shine and my 12.5 year old Beagle has a limp when he doesnt take this - And i was paying about 40 % more on the open market-Amazon does it again ! You wont find this cheaper anywhere -
 I started my French Bulldog on the Nupro Supplement , combined with a no-grain all natural kibble when he was about 12 weeks of age . He is now a little over 4 months and his coat is very healthy and shiny . His exposed skin on his belly and in his huge bat ears are the perfect shade of gray . No redness or irritation at all . When awake , he has a tremendous amount of energy and runs and hops around the house like he 's the happiest dog in the world . I add water to the mix , along with other supplements -LRB- please give your dog bonemeal in addition to this -RRB- , to make a great gravy that he just loves . It never takes him more than 5 or 10 minutes to eat his whole bowl . I highly recommend this supplement .
 I have been giving my dogs Nupro for about 6 months . They love it , dry or wet . My shepherd/mix who is only 46 pounds -LRB- he has cancer -RRB- had gotten under the sink and ate some rat poisoning . I did n't realize it until a few days after ; which is usually when people discover their dog ate rat poison . I watched him and checked his breathing and gums . There were no adverse effects . WEEKS later I got his blood checked and he was fine . It should have killed him but Nupro had Vitamin K which is an antidote for poison . I believe that my dog is a testament to Nupro boosting the immune system and I will always give my dogs from now on Nupro . Thank you .
 Nupro is an awesome supplement for any dog from puppy to elderly , you see an amazing difference in the first week and they love the taste .
 We were told by several people when we purchased our puppy to get Nupro . Everyone said we would see the difference right away , so based on all the information we bought it . 6 weeks later we met at the Breeder 's house and two `` sibling 's '' of my puppy 's litter were there . They were not on Nupro . It showed . Everyone was all over our puppy cause he looked so good and felt nice too !!
 MY DOG ACE IS 11 + YRS . OLD . THIS POWDER HAS HELPED HIM TO STAY ACTIVE AND HAPPY . HE REALLY ENJOYS THE TASTE OF THE SUPPLEMENT AND WHEN I PUT IT ON HIS VEGGIES , HE SCARFFS THEM UP !!!
 This product is amazing . I first used the joint supplement version on a lab I had several years ago . She had suffered from a broken pelvis before I adopted her and she would start limping after a lot of exercise.The difference was incredible ! No matter how much exercise she got -LRB- and she got a ton since I live near many hiking trails and a river -RRB- , she NEVER limped . Not only did she lose the limp , but her coat was as shiny as a seal!I went ahead and gave it to my other lab too and one day , during a routine check-up , my vet was so struck by their robust good health , he wanted to know `` WHAT do you feed these dogs ? '' . Last summer my girlfriend and I adopted adult Labradoodle sisters who had both spent their lives as breeders . I started giving mine -LRB- Sophie -RRB- Nupro in the fall since her coat was dry and frizzy and she was always chewing on herself , especially her feet.Well she is as healthy and active as a puppy and she rarely chews on herself anymore.We got the `` girls '' together a few weeks ago and the difference between them was AMAZING !! Sophie 's coat is silky , soft , and shiny and Gracie 's was dry , dull and frizzy.Nupro should take photos of them together to advertise their product !! But they had better hurry , since Gracie is going on it soon !
 I have 3 Labradors , 2 blacks and 1 chocolate . I have been using it since January 2009 and it is now March , 2009 and I 'm very impressed . I have noticed that since using that it has had some great results . All 3 of our dogs coat have been changing before our eyes . The two black 's fur have started really shining better than I have ever seen before . One of our dogs has skin allergies . She has started showing signs of improvement . She 's not scratching as much and not losing as much hair . She seems to be growing back what she lost . Also she smells alot better . Our chocolate lab has very thick and unruly hair for a lab . His hair has started looking more like we 've been washing him with conditioner , meaning that his hair has become more shiny and is laying down smoother . Also , they all seem to have more energy . 2 of our dogs are 5 years old , and the other one is 4 years old . I will definitely buy more . They really love eating it . I add water to it when I serve it to them . When I add water , it becomes just like gravy .
 My dog a 5 year old Doberman female has been on Nupro since a puppy . She has a beautiful glowing coat and this has really helped with dryness . Living in Hawaii where it is warm all the time ... I have not noticed that it stops shedding . This is an All Natural Dog Supplement and I would recommend it to anyone who owns a dog .
 My 13-year old GSD who basically is completely uninterested in food loves this stuff and it really helps her , and both she and my little One-of-a-kind lab-coonhound mix have fabulous coats from it .
 I adopted a rescued greyhound . For the first couple of months I had her I wondered why she had a bald tummy , a bald butt and stiff , wiry fur on the rest of her body - she did n't feel like the other greyhounds I had met . I tried several different types of foods , but did n't seem to help . I added the NuPro supplement on the advice of my vet and the difference is amazing ! After using it for a couple of months her fur has turned silky soft and her bald spots have all filled in nicely . No more bald butt ! I highly recommend this supplement . I 'm sure it not only makes her look better , but she must feel better , also . If you want a healthy dog that feels as good as she/he looks , you should try NuPro .
 I feed Nupro All Natural Dog Supplement for my lab for one year and he loves it . Sometimes he licks the rest powder inside his bowl after he finishes his meals . Natural food is also good for our companion friends !!!
 I have a female GSD whose coat was dry and flat . I started her on Nupro and within two weeks began to see marked improvements . She has been on it for 6 months now and looks great . She hardly sheds at all now -LRB- and for a GSD that 's saying a lot ! -RRB- . I 'll continue to use this product without hesitation .
 It takes 2-3 months for the product to show results , but all my dogs love it , so hoping that 's a good sign .
 The product meets her needs . She seems to love the taste and that is half the battle with some &#34; doggie &#34; vitamins . The product was delivered quickly , just as it was promised !
 I have 5 dogs , all different textures of coats . Since using this product , there is a difference in all 5 dogs . They all have shiny , soft coats . Before , they were not shiny and rough to the touch . Also digestion in all 5 dogs is very good , firm smaller stools , and less smelly .
 Although I did n't order this from Amazon , I highly highly highly recommend this product . I get mine from my local pet store -LRB- when I get a coupon -RRB- but spent a lot of time here reading reviews . I did months of research on different supplements , allergy relief , and all in one solution for my dogs health . I wanted him on Vitamin C to prevent hip problems later on , wanted something to give a healthy coat -LRB- not salmon oil -RRB- and wanted something natural and made in the USA . I can understand the ingredients and the product has been around for years . I am very pleased with it , my dogs allergies are under control , his coat his healthy and shiny , and he has never ending amounts of energy . He feels great , looks great , and acts great . When you add water it makes a great gravy for their food and he spends a lot of time licking the bowl CLEAN . Do n't waste time/money/effort looking at other products , getting crap you see at Petsmart , buy NuPro and let it work . You wont be disappointed .
 I use it straight on their food with some water to make a gravy they love , and I can see a difference in my males ' coat , in that his normally flaky dandruff seems to be going away .
 My Bostons love this stuff . Since I have food down all the time I mix Nupor with their daily spoon of yogurt to insure they both get their allotment . They pester me every morning until they get it . They receive top line dry food and already had smooth , shiny coats that I did n't think could get any shinier but I was wrong . Their coats absolutly gleam . One has alergies that show up in the summer so I 'm hoping this will help . I will try to report back in May .
 We 've been adding this powder to our dogs food for about 5 years now , we 'd never go back they love it so much and it 's improved the quality of their coats incredibly .
 My German Shepherd loves to play ball and this is the ball he loves the most . He loves this over any tennis ball or any other ball we have tried ! It is tuff so it is n't easy for him to tear up even though it is Latex .
 Could not have asked for a better transaction . Item exactly as described and fast shipping . Thanks
 i purchased many scratchers and this was one of them , I have to say that my cat adores the scratchers however I would recommend a more wide model
 This is an excellent product ! My boy loves it . He used to scratch just about anything that he could dig his claws into until the scratcher came along . Just sprinkle a bit of the catnip onto the board and watch the cat go nuts . It 's fantastic !
 it took a little while for our cat to catch on to the alpine scratcher . he still seems to prefer the cabinet and desk but is using his new scratching `` post '' more frequently .
 My cats like this scratcher and use it regularly , especially if catnip is rubbed on it .
 The cats just love their new scratchers . I 've only put the catnip on there once and they 're still tearing up those things ! I will definately be needing more refills later !!
 I decided to buy this scratcher after I read the reviews here at Amazon . I picked it up from my local PetSmart , and boy , it sure does work ! I put a little bit of the included catnip on it , and my kitty jumped on the scratcher like , well ... like a cat that 's smelled catnip . I 've had it a few weeks now , have n't added any catnip since that first day , and she still loves scratching . I think she 's clawing the sofa and bed less , but I 'm not sure , since she can be very sneaky and could be doing it when I 'm away . However , when I am home , I just pat the cosmic cardboard scratcher , and she pounces on it and picks on it like a good cat . In other words , I give it two thumbs up , and my cat I 'm sure would give it two paws up as well . Oh , and one more thing , I think I will buy the refills , but it seems like the current set of cardboard will last at least a few months , but like I said , I just recently bought this and ca n't say for sure . Hope this helps .
 I do n't have this exact one , but from the same company . I tried it without the catnip and my cat would n't use it at all . A week later I sprinkled the catnip on the board and now she uses it all the time . I highly recommend this product - it works !!!
 This is the BEST cat scratch pad ever . My cat knew what to do immediately and has used it ever since . Such a relief she 's not scratching the furniture . If there were ten stars I would give them to this product.Thank you
 What a great scratcher ! I had purchased one of these cardboard type scratchers from a store a while back . It was the smaller kind that sits flat on the floor , but is the same type of surface for scratching . While my cat -LRB- Wooster -RRB- used it often , he had to stand on it or it would just slide towards him , or even lift of the ground and come at him , usually flipping over and making a mess with the bits of shredded cardboard and catnip ending up all over the place . The ALPINE SCRATCHER looked like a much better design , and for the price , I figured it was worth a try.Boy am I glad I got one!I will list the pros/cons at the bottom if you want a quick review , but for my full review , read on ... It is much wider than the other one we had , and the angle is a huge plus . Wooster can even scratch without having to stand on it , though he usually does anyway , but because of it 's size he has plenty of room even with his ample self on top of it . Though the whole thing is just folded cardboard , it is surprisingly sturdy . Wooster is a ten pound cat , and even when he uses it to jump off of like a spring-board , it does n't even flex . There are holes on each side allowing access to a small hanging toy inside , and when he noticed this , he went absolutely wild . Though he destroyed it , it is only because of the ferocity with which he attacked it , and NO toy would have lasted . However , the way it is designed , it is easy to attach another toy and hang it inside the box , so he gets a new toy to attack whenever his dad has time to replace it . Wooster is a picky cat , and often ignores the many toys and other things dad brings home for him , but the Alpine Scratcher is his favorite thing ever ! We have had it for a couple weeks now , and he still runs to it many times throughout the day . Sometimes he just lays on it , sometimes he scratches on it , and sometimes he rolls around and slides down it , kicking and biting it like freshly downed prey . In fact , I barely had set it down on the floor after taking off the plastic wrap before he attacked it . I know some people will not believe me , but I swear right after he first saw it , ran to it , and gave it a good scratch , he looked up at me with an expression of gratitude ! And that was before I even added any catnip to it ! Though it appears that it will last a long time , there are replaceable `` Scratch-pads '' you can buy to use in the angled frame , so even if you have an `` aggressive scratcher '' that really tears up the cardboard insert , you can keep the sturdy frame and just replace the pad that gets torn up . For an all cardboard piece , the Alpine Scratcher is well built , and will last a long time , even with heavy use . It comes with a small bag of catnip , which if you just use to entice your cat to use the scratcher , will last a long time . Wooster does n't care if there is nip in it or not . The texture alone is enough to make it irresistible . -LRB- Or as we describe it , it is a `` Must Scratch '' item -RRB- It is completely recyclable , so if it ever does wear out , you can just unfold it and toss it in with the rest of your cardboard . I highly recommend this scratcher to anyone with a cat.Pros : * Surprisingly sturdy - For a simple folded cardboard piece , it is well designed and will last a long time * Replaceable `` Scratch Pad '' , so it is cheap to replace the part that gets torn up , which also means less waste , -LRB- though it is totally recyclable , so there is really no real `` waste '' anyway . * Wide scratch surface - Much bigger than most other similar scratchers . * The angle makes it a better -LRB- and more fun -RRB- scratcher . * Hidden hanging toy was a big hitCons : -LRB- Note
 I bought this for my cat for Christmas . I 'll tell you she no longer tries to use the couch as a scratching post . I love it and would highly recommend it to other cat owners .
 I did n't want to declaw my kitty and decided to try a scratcher instead . I did n't think my cat would go for it , but she did and it worked out great . She uses this inclined post every day and does n't scratch the couch , wicker hamper , or anything else anymore . I sprinkle catnip on it from time to time . She especially likes to scratch this post as soon as I get home from work -- when she 's happy . It 's not the most beautiful piece of decor in the apartment , but it serves its purpose .
 Wow ! First of all , this was at our door two days after I ordered it . That was great.They actually unintentionally made this a multi-purpose cat toy . It was packed well with lots of that brown paper for shipping.Our Mau -LRB- Nascar -RRB- loves to play with paper , so that was an additional toy for him . Then of course , there is the wonderfulbox that it all came in . What cat can resist a new box ? From here on out , I will refer to this new scratcher as the CCAS , for obvious reasons.That being said , we have scratchers of some sort in every room of our place . This keeps them from deciding the furniture looks like fun.Our smaller cat Katy loves cardboard , and loves to scratch at an incline , so this was a natural for her . We have the flat oneCosmic Pet Cardboard Scratcher with Catnip , but wanted to try this one too.Ours came totally sealed up with a small bag of catnip included . There is a shiny mylar ball attached from the inside and visible to the cats through the circular cutouts on both sides . -LRB- Note that our Mau found this right away and was very interested in trying to get it out ! At one point , he managed to pull it out enough to bite it and was trying to remove it . He turned the scratcher over instead . Since it is cardboard , no harm , no foul . -RRB- I sprinkled a light bit of catnip on the scratcher to see what they 'd think of it first . Cosmic Catnip is their favorite kind anyway , so I did not anticipate any problems -LRB- even though the bag did not have any scent at all . Also , ours did not have the C/C label on it , like it is shown in the product photo -RRB- . I posted several photos of our cats ' first encounter with the CCAS . I 'll try to get some more with a clearer shot , but I wanted to catch the first reactions . It was popular right out of the box ! Nascar was the first to try it out -LRB- because Katy was sleeping -RRB- . He loved it ! Now , you 'll note in the background of my pics that you 'll see an Emery Cat scratcher back there too -LRB- the arched one -RRB- . My daughter bought that for Nascar for his birthday . We thought he 'd love it . Nope ! He did n't want anything to do with it . The texture of that one is VERY rough , like an emery board , and we think it was uncomfortable on his paws . He loved the feather thing that came with it , and that was all . It has sat taking up floor space for 4 months.Nascar was after the mylar ball first , but then spent time climbing around on the CCAS , laying on it , scratching it and sniffing every square inch . He then went to play with the brown paper shipping material for a little while . By this time , Katy realized something was going on and came in to check it out . She was immediately on top of the CCAS , rubbing it , scratching it and enjoying it ! Now , she scratched the opposite way than I thought she would ... I thought she 'd be on the floor and sort of drag down the cardboard . Nope ! She sat on it at the back and scratched from the lowest part back towards herself ! Oh well - as long as she likes it!Both cats adored the mylar ball , and I think it would be fairly easy to replace once it comes off . There is a washer attachment underneath the replaceable scratching surface . I could see hiding a few more of the mice in there as well , just for fun.I am SO happy we bought this one . They have been playing with it all night . Nascar has tried to chase Katy away from it , claiming ownership , even tho it is a share toy . -LRB- Note - we bought this for their Christmas gift -LRB- do n't laugh - lots of pet lovers give their pets gifts ! -RRB- , but I was too weak . I gave it to them right away . -RRB- We are probably going to get one for downstairs too , just because they are enjoying it so very much.I highly recommend the CCAS . You can use any kind of catnip with it that your cat likes , or leave the catnip off entirely.It probably wo n't matter , because the cardboard is such an attraction for the kitties . The company also sells replacement cardboard inserts , so no need to buy the entire scratcher again either . All in all , a great value , great cat item , and results in happy kitties .
 This product is saving my couch . Holly loves it . She still goes to the couch occasionally , but a little catnip on the scratcher is all it takes to divert her !
 For a while I used to have one of those flat scratching post that kept come up off the ground and banging on the floor when the cats used it . It didnt look that comfortable and I do n't think they likes the noise either , so I was very happy when I found this one . Mine did n't come with the little disco ball but I used the hole to fill it with rocks so that it would n't wobble . Sisal is generally considered the best material but I 've tried a sisal insert on my old scratching post and they didnt like it as much as cardboard , although I 'll give it another shot with a better quality sisal . The cat nip doesnt work for my cats , they 'll go nuts over it but they lick and droll all over the thing instead of scratching it . It works better without the catnip for them . The reason for 4 stars is because it 's ugly compared to other angled posts . My pet store didnt have one of the nicer wooden ones but now that I see them on amazon I definitely plan to try it out . In concern is however that because it 's open theres no place to fill it with rocks so it may wobble and not work as well after all . I thought I was safe with my new sofa with the post and their nails trimmed but I was wrong . they run around all day playing and there were still some accidental scratches that didnt show up on the last sofa because of the material . They ended up with softpaws but they still using the scratching post , I guess to try to get them off . Overall , my cats like it and it 's a solid product .
 Cosmic Catnip Alpine Scratcher -LRB- kit -RRB- I read the great reviews for this scratcher and I was still sceptical . My new cat loves it !!! After applying the catnip , she started using it right away and uses it now whenever the scratch urge arises . No scratched furniture since I bought this product . It also has two holes on the sides of the alpine slide and there is a glittery toy hanging down inside under the slide 's top end . She loves this toy and bats it around all the time !! For $ 13.00 + , this product is amazing . Do n't doubt if it will work , it will !!
 These scratchers are the best . I have 2 of them in my house , in the rooms my cat uses the most , I have tried others , but this is the only one she 'll use . Great value for the money !
 Great product ! Would highly recommend ! The Company Sea Corals very accommodating and a pleasure to deal with . I would do business with this company again !
 i always buy cosmic scratcher and the replacements as well , . My cat is 10 years old and lovesss it , the replacements last about a month , great !
 Our cats love it , they consistently scratch it . They also like playing with the toy . We found it a good value for the very reasonable price .
 The second I took it out of the box , my baby Bella was all over this thing . It was much bigger than expected . Alot bigger than the first one I bought at TJMaxx . And the scratcher thing can be changed out for a new one ! I love the fact that it comes with cat nip , and a little toy in the bottom . My cat will not stop playing with the toy.Here is the reason why I really really really love it . IT DOES NOT MAKE A MESS . Like I said before I purchased one from TJMAXX , which I still have btw and every time she scratches it she leaves cardboard pieces on my carpet . I do not know if it is cheap cardboard compared to this one but she has yet to make a mess from the new one . Obviously I realize there will be when it is worn in . Till then I am 100 % satisfied .
 I ordered the Cosmic Alpine Scratcher after reading the reviews and some advice from my sister who has three cats . The CAS did the trick . My cat loves it and uses it on a regular basis . I no longer have to correct her when she would scratch on my wool braided rug even though she had two sisal poles with catnip to scratch on . She plays with the cat toy inside the scratcher.I would recommend the Cosmic Alpine Scratcher and plan on staying with this product .
 After buying carpeting scratching posts , and sprinkling catnip all over and having our furniture ripped up , my friends swore by the Alpine Scratcher , so we ordered one . Our picky cat took to it right away and it has solved our scratching problem . Going to order a refill today ! It does ` shed ' a little bit but a handy vacuum solves that and saves valuable furnishings .
 This is the second of this type of scratcher that I bought . I have four cats , and the last one endured five years ... and may have lasted longer if my dog had not decided to chew on it one day . It 's durable , and the cats really enjoy it !
 My cats used to claw away at the carpets in spite of a tall cat post . This seems to have replaced that problem . A little more time will tell as I 'm watching for dig marks in any rug I have . The do love it . The one I think is the guilty party goes for it in a big way .
 Typical story
 My cats really love this thing ! One of them weighs about 8 pounds , and it holds her just fine . They really enjoy the little toy on the inside as well . Only problem is , my stupid neurotic dog totally destroyed the thing during a thunder storm and I had to buy a new one . Otherwise , it held up great !
 I have had such a good experience with this product I need to write a follow-up . My cat is now emotionally attached to this scratcher ! I see her lounging around , her head and upper body propped up against the scratcher . When I came home in the past , she would normally run around in excited circles and then plop on the area rug for a tummy rub . Now she runs to the scratcher first , claws it a couple times , THEN heads over for her rug routine . Whenever she is excited she runs over and claws the scratcher . She is no longer interested in the sofa.I just put in a replacement scratching board , so that 's 1 replacement in 6 months . I can live with that expense , it 'll take 22 years + at that rate to equal the cost of replacing a sofa . Have n't replaced the main ramp yet , but the sparkly toy only lasted a couple weeks after it was discovered . I put a shallow brick in the hollow area underneath the ramp to give it some extra stability.I am so glad I went with this product . SCRATCHING PROBLEM SOLVED . --------------- -LRB- Original review -RRB- I saw this scratcher once before I bought it . I passed on it initially because it is made entirely of cardboard and I thought it was cheap . It is also not that great looking because it has cartoon-like drawings on the outer ramp . Then I bought a sofa and needed a way to protect it . Our cat destroyed the previous one . A coworker told me the Alpine Scratcher was really good , so I bought it . My concerns about the cheapness entirely disappeared once I put it down and saw my cat go at it within hours . Over the next couple days I found evidence she had been using it more -- parts of dead cat claw around the scratcher and flakes of torn cardboard . At that point I did n't care what I had paid for a piece of cardboard , it was saving mounds of money because my kitty was n't interested in the sofa anymore . It 's been a month or two and I have n't seen any evidence that my kitty 's been scratching the new sofa .
 The only reason I do n't give this 5 stars is because it is basically useless for a large cat until you add ballast to keep it in place . I was lucky in finding a large scrap steel block that just fit inside . With this , my 15lb Russian Blue completely loved it and abandoned all furniture scratching with a few days of friendly encouragement . Considering it 's so inexpensive , I would highly recommend this product if you can find some way to anchor it in place !
 Both my tabby and my himi love this - they much prefer the incline to a flat scratch box . I only wish it was a bit more sturdy as at the bottom it 's came apart . Yes , I could fix that by glue/tape/etc but it would be best if it did n't come a part . That said , I 'd buy it again and recommend it as well since both cats use it frequently . No wasted money on this one .
 Just got this in the mail ... my two cats love it ! They 've been playing on/with the toy in the whole for over an hour ... they love it ! Hoping it will keep them from scratching the couch ... shall see !
 I have 2 cats , and multiples of these all over the house . They are of a good size for the kitty to stand on while scratching so it does n't move around on them . They get used all the time . The catnip is a plus .
 The delivery was quick , and my cat loves it . He loves the space underneath it , and puts all his toys in there . Only little downside
 My big -LRB- 15 lb -RRB- kitty loves this ! The only problem is he is so big , and this is light , so he flips it over easily.I have to wedge it in-between two pieces of furniture to keep it in place . Would be perfect with some weight to it . .
 A friend had recommended this item , and so I purchased it . The cats love it and that 's all that matters to me !
 My kitties love this , both to scratch on and to play with -- and I never even sprinkled the catnip on it . When my kitten was really little , he would actually climb instead it to play with the toy . The only reason I do n't give it 5 stars is that the toy that dangles inside broke off the string pretty quickly .
 This is not a fake review , so do n't be alarmed . I just received this today , and I like it very much . I only have one cat and once she saw this , she liked it . Did n't take her long to begin scratching on it , which is what I enjoy the most . I got this because I could n't afford to let a cat keep clawing at the wall since I live in an apartment . Even though the damage she did is minor , having a scratcher pad for my cat is a necessity and I 'm glad I spent my money on this . Nice product . Thanks to the great folks at Amazon !!!! Everything was shipped nicely and the shipping was really quick .
 My cats love this thing and they scratch things they are n't supposed to scratch a lot less often since this has arrived . One of them is n't even crazy about cat nip so it 's not the bribe that causes him to use it . The only trouble is that it sheds cardboard bits all over the place but they are easily vacuumed up .
 It 's a 50-50 thing at my house - 1 star from the boys and 5 stars from the girls ; -RRB- Both my boys are rather large , and do n't pay much attention to cardboard scratchers other than to initially mark it . Then they get bored.However , both my girls love to lounge and sleep on these . They prefer it to the flat ones , exact same thing on an incline and suddenly it 's very interesting . Cats , eh ! LOLWhat I like about these is during travel , I can bring them along so the kits have familiar scratchers and smells.I do find I have to refresh the catnip smell rather frequently , or they lose interest in it as a scratching surface ; not so for the chaise lounge and bed aspect though .
 well , it is bulky and in my way , but anything that keeps my cat from scratching my carpet is worth the money . She did n't know what to do with the incline at first , but loves it now , and sometimes even lies on it.unfortunately , I 'm always cleaning the floor around it , as she claws the material off and it is everywhere.p.s . . my 2nd cat has never gone near it
 We 've had our cat scratcher for a while now and have gone through several cardboard replacements . It is the best cat scratcher I have found .
 We have used Nupro for several years . Our 3 dogs love it . This was the cheapest price I was able to find on the internet .
 Healthy for dogs , this product is exemplary as an enzyme with important added Norwegian Kelp and Molasses . It helps my Norwegian Elkhound digest his food , and reduces his throwup reflex a lot . Great product .
 Used for 9 months and my vet said the dogs teeth were no longer in need of cleaning , and his coat was perfect . This is a 13 year old Border Collie .
 I am pretty skeptical regarding most supplements , etc. . I need to see results before I get excited . Well , let me tell you , this product made a difference with my dogs.I have two Golden Retrievers , and giving them the Nupro supplement makes a HUGE difference . They are like puppies again . These dogs are 9 and 10 but after a week on Nupro , they were frisky and animated like they were much younger.I also use the Nupro joint supplement with these dogs . Just like the Gary Larson cartoon `` Oh boy , dog food again ! '' my dogs are excited when they get their morning meal with the Nupro supplements mixed with some fresh water to make `` dog gravy '' . Give this product a try - I think you will be impressed with the results .
 My vet recommended this product to assure that my dogs had a more balanced diet and to break up the monotony of the average canine diet . They love how this product makes a gravy for their dry dogfood ! I believe that their coat is not as dry either !
 This company is fantastic - everything ALWAYS ships quickly , arrives promptly , and undamaged .
 excellent , been using this for over 2 months now . My dog 's coats are high shine , they like the taste & all I have to do is sprinkle it on their food . I 'm very happy with it . We 've just gotten a nice healthy litter born and they are doing great . I 'll keep this stuff .
 If I could give this stuff more stars I would . I have two senior dogs , one of which suffers from arthritis . It had gotten so bad that he was limping when he walked and groaned in obvious pain despite the other supplements I was using . Within a week of giving them this his limping stopped and he was moving around with more vigor and stopped the groaning.As to the taste , they went nuts for this stuff . I made the mistake of leaving the tub on the floor , thinking they would n't bother it closed . Boy was I wrong ! They tore open the lid and ate the dry powder ! They 're doing better every day and I am so glad I got his for them .
 Nupro is amazing . Our dog was in a ton of pain before we started him on this crack for dogs . He 's energized , pain free , and as healthy as he 's ever been . And he 's 10 ! It 's like having a puppy again.Worth every penny .
 Came right on time and was exactly what I ordered .
 ... a high quality product I learned about from the pros . Brief period of garlic odor after meal is completed but fades thereafter . 5lbs goes a long way -LRB- 3mos . -RRB- for my GSD and little terrier .
 Our dog LOVES Nupro ! It 's the easiest way to assure that he gets all the nutrients he needs .
 This product is brand name and is a wonderful value on Amazon . Nupro literally saved our dog 's life and us lots of money . She had a slipped disk in her back 10 years ago . Now she is 13 and doing well . No surgery , no meds ! We ran out of Nupro and I tried another brand , within a month or two , she was limping and leg giving out . In two days , she was back to normal .
 March of 2011 my Australian Shepherd was diagnosed with what they believed was Fibrosarcoma cancer . A tumor was removed from the upper jaw next to a front tooth . They stated it would return and only invasive surgery of the upper jaw would give him a good life . He was 10 yrs 2 months at the time and we decided to give him a life with no surgery and to live a full life until it returned . We took him for a vacation into mountains to a place he has always liked . I purchased Nupro for possibly any aches he may have and the overall nutrition such as kelp , -LRB- Ester c -RRB- , etc. that is contained in this product.I 'm happy to report that on August 2012 my fishing companion is still going strong and he has the energy level of a younger dog . I do not claim that it is this product that is keeping him going and cancer free but you have to wonder . We are about to head back to his favorite place and I thank my good fortune that he is still with me with no signs of cancer . I 've just ordered another 5 pound container .
 I am involved in rescue of giant breed dogs and have 3 of my own . Their diet consists primarily of raw meats , bones , eggs , fruits , veggies etc. . Two of my dogs suffer from severe joint disease and have been on several different supplements for those issues . The supplements I was using contained chemicals that are not necessary for them to ingest and I was getting increasingly uncomfortable as the companies of the supplements added more ingredients . My specialty food store carries this product and after researching it I decided to try this rather than give them unnatural supplements . I also believe that the absorption of the vitamins and minerals in this product are better absorbed by the dogs due to the compounding and form of the product . It also insures that they are getting everything they need going along with the raw diet . Overall I have been happy so far and the dogs LOVE the taste !!! The only issues I have is the glucosamine and MSM levels are lower than the dogs need , so I still give one tablet added in to fill that gap . Also , I have not been able to find the actual amounts of each vitamin/mineral etc. . Only that they are in the product . I do need to know that they are getting the correct amounts of each . I think I will have to call the company for that.Overall , I prefer using an all in one natural product that can be mixed into their food.The free shipping from amazon did take over 8 days to get here , so be sure if you use that form of shipment you have enough to wait for it to arrive .
 My Golden Retriever was diagnosed displastic at 2yrs . old . My vet informed me she would be a couch potato by the time she turned 5yrs . old . I immediately put her on a supplement found in a pet store . Soon afterward we had moved and I could n't find that supplement nearby so I tried NuPro . My dog is now 9yrs . old and has absolutely no sign of any joint problem and she is still healthy and very active . I 'm a believer in this product and will keep her on it as long as necessary .
 I have been using this product for a couple of years now and must say that this WORKS !!! What is even more amazing is how fast it does . I have a very active Wheaton Terrier who developed some pain with a limp that did n't improve on its own . After visiting my vet and ruling out breaks or any kind of visual issues , I did some research and found this product . I have recommended this to many dog owners and each and everyone was so happy that they tried this . From senior dogs with arthritis pain to active dogs to working breeds it really works and fast . The easiest product to give as well , they love the liver gravy taste . Do n't hesitate if you suspect pain or stiffness , it helps within 1-2 weeks .
 My dogs love the taste of this stuff . Go crazy over it . Joints seem to holding up well for the breeds so i would say it is working .
 The product is great . Have already noticed a change in our older dog . The only thing I did n't like about it was having to search through the container for the scoop . I actually called the manufacturer to let them know one was n't included . But , the lady I spoke with said that the scoops sometimes settle to the bottom.Other than that , great product .
 excellent for dogs with arthritus and my pal respondes to this.very effective and great product.good service with seller .
 I love this supplement , and my dogs love it , too . I have two giant breed dogs , and joint health is always a concern . Since starting this supplement , the larger of the two has become more playful . I have to believe that this supplement has something to do with it . I think she is feeling a little more limber and perhaps may have even had some discomfort before . But now , she 's 120 pounds of silly . Transitioning this product into their diet was very easy , with no digestive changes whatsoever . And although I have n't tasted it , LOL , it smells really good !
 The Nupro supplement has made a huge difference with my dogs . They maintain their weight , even my 90lb dog just gets 1 cup of dry food 2x/day . I originally tried the supplement when my big dog started having a sore back and hips . He has rarely has pain now and I would know since he 's a big baby !
 I 've been using this product for my labs for several years . I just sprinkle it on , add water , swish the bowl around to mix and feed it to my very eager dogs . Not only the nutritional benefit , but the added water in their kibble helps to slow them down -LRB- well , as much as you can slow a lab at dinner time -RRB- . I can even switch from one premium kibble to another without any problems -LRB- I.e. loose stool -RRB- . Can not say enough good about Nupro Joint Formula .
 It took several weeks , but my 11 year old Staghound has a spring in her step and actually started a play session with my other dogs ! Buying the large container is much more cost effective and I will continue to give her this supplement !
 Bogey our Chocolate Lab was born with hip problems . We rescued him at 8 months . He has been on the Nupro Joint Supplement for most of his life with us . He benefits so much from this product ; he has more strength , endurance , energy and less pain . It is filled with so many wonderful vitamins/ingredients . We keep him on this and opt out on Rimadyl.Nupro Joint Supplement 5 lbs . . Much safer for our baby ! He deserves the BEST !
 My two terriers thrive on a raw diet supplemented with Nupro Silver . They are performance dogs and high energy companions -- Nupro Silver gives them supplements plus the protection they need for their joints .
 Our 4 year old Daschund was recently diagnosed with IVDD . I asked our vet about any supplements that we could give her , and she recommended Nupro Silver . We have since been giving it to all three of our dogs -LRB- 2 4yo Daschunds , 1 3yo Black lab mix -RRB- , and they LOVE it . They now have healthy and shiny coats that we get complements on , and best yet our labs shedding has decreases significantly .
 Recommended by my vet in Connecticut 4 years ago and would not be without it for my Sheltie . A wonderful natural joint supplement I give my dog once a day at lunchtime as recommended by my vet . Loves the liver flavor and I love the results . Keeps him agile and active and ready for ALL activities . WILL NOT BE WITHOUT THIS PRODUCT .
 Our neighbor told us about Nupro and that she has used it with her dogs for years . We have purchased 5 lbs at a time , but with 3 Shepherds decided to go with the 20 lbs bucket this time . Our oldest Shepherd is just shy of 12 y/o and is a retired working/sport , personal protection dog . Our other 2 are working/sport/PP dogs as well with high energy and drives . Nupro also seems to keep ticks and fleas away from our dogs as well .
 does what it says , has just what I was looking for to add to my dogs diet.I didnt want all the extras many other supplements use .
 I love this product for my dog . Everyone always comments on how SOFT her coat is and how healthy she looks . She has a history of a broken leg , so we purchased the joint support version of the Nupro and could n't be happier . She loves the taste when we sprinkle it on her dry food and add a little water to make a gravy . The price on this purchase was very good ; will buy again .
 This product is one of the best powders I 've ever used on my Dogs . They have more energy and can move around alot faster . We will continue to purchase this item repeatedly . The price is just right too !! Thank you
 I have a 11 year old standard poodle who is having a hip problem that is causing her immobility . At the end of the first week I saw improvement and by the end of the 2nd week her movement was much better and faster . I received this product in just a few days . Shipping was fast.Nupro Joint Support for Dogs , 5 lb Silver
 This is the 4th reorder of this product for my 141/2 year old Golden Retreiver , Bailey . If she does n't get a scoop full of this Nupro every day she limps . Once I ran out and she very quickly went back to limping , needless to say , I never will run out . I was surprised to see that I could order this on Amazon . Alot cheaper and much easier . Shipment came fast , and was the best price on the Web or in the stores . Thanks .
 A serving is around a 1/4 cup for a 40-lb dog . We went through it faster than I expected . You have to mix it with water , so it 's a little messy .
 I bought this for my 4-year old golden retriever who is experiencing some arthritis in his joints . Within a few weeks of using this product , I have noticed such a huge improvement in his activity . He is jumping all around and playing with our 3 year old german sheperd just like they were puppies again . Highly recommend this product ... it really works !
 I bought this supplement to help a friend 's dog who was ailing and unhealthy from poor nutrition . The dog LOVES the Nupro and his health has greatly improved . I feel Nupro to my own dogs and believe that it keeps them in great health . The shipping was fast too . Great on line purchase .
 very good product for supplement but expensive , i have a large dog so the glucosamine contained in it is n't enough to help him -LRB- i would have to use a lot every meal to get the amount per weight -RRB- , i just give him extra tablets of glucosamine , and use this as a supplement/appetite stimulant .
 it seems that my dogs loves it even though it hasnt helped her joints that i can see physically . she still limps and is now on a maintenance drug for her condition . so i still use it as a warm gravy mixed with her dry food and stringbean meals . lip licking good . :O ; .
 I 've been using Nupro for the past two years , and my dogs have had excellent results . The joint issues have dissapated and their coats are beautiful .
 I noticed both of my dogs gained weight while on this . I found the weight gain to offset the health benefit , so I stopped giving them this supplement.They have since returned to their normal weight . Both dogs are small dogs , a 12lb Lhasa Apso , and a 22lb mutt . On the supplement , both dogs gained 3 lbs .
 This is the second container that I have purchased , our old dogie has enjoyed this tremendously and after about 3 weeks of taking it daily , we noticed a huge difference in her activity level and stiffness . We have been super happy with this product and highly suggest it ! We have to combine with her Rimadyl , but the two things together really have been night and day for Miss Coco ! : -RRB-
 I use this product to help my dog maintain his health , it speedup the recovery of a knee injury he sustained last year.Also it has helped with his skin allergies .
 This is an excellent product , I have been using this and mixing it with their dry kibble to make a nice gravy . It helps with their coat ! I try not to ever run out of NUPRO !!
 For the past 20 years , I have been using Nupro joint support for my cocker spaniels . Of the three that we currently have , the oldest is 12 but more like the youngest who is 4 when it comes to jumping and running . The breeder that I 've purchased all my pups from was an advocate for Nupro ... and she was right . And , the best price and service comes from Amazon .
 My 7-8 year old rescue dog was in seemingly perfect health , but he started to show a recurring limp from one of his front legs . After a lot of research , I found that one of the best things I could do for him was more Glucosamine . Dogs can have the same Glucosamine that people can , as long as it 's not one of those pills loaded with other vitamins . I purchased a bottle of Glucosamine Chondroitin capsules online . Because I make all of his treats from scratch , I just opened up each capsule , and the powder inside went right into his dog treats . This worked okay for a year or so , but the limp came back . Back to more research , I came across this stuff from a forum somewhere . I decided to purchase it , and now he can not have a meal without it . : -RRB- First off , one of the biggest complaints about this is the taste - a lot of people have trouble getting their pets to actually eat this . This is more true for the Nupro Nuggets for cats -RRB- . I can not attest to this problem ; I have to store this in the closet so that he does n't try to open it . The smell is n't bad , I think it smells better than some conventional canned dog food.Although there are a lot of reviews on this stuff , I did n't see a lot of suggestions for uses . I feed my dog raw food and Wellness Senior Dry dog food . I mix one scoop of this stuff -LRB- the directions say a scoop and a half but it 's a little pricey and a scoop does the trick -RRB- with just a little dry food to bind everything together . For size comparisons , I have a 55 pound mixed breed . This has proven to be a great mix for us , but your mileage may vary.This stuff really is fantastic . My dog 's limp has gone away completely , but if I take him on vacation or somewhere away from home for a few nights and I forget this stuff , he starts to have joint problems again . I do n't consider the price a negative , since it does what it promises and makes me feel better about the health and happiness of my dog . I do recommend buying the smaller size container to start with . If you continue to use it , you 'll have a smaller container to dispense from , because this size -LRB- 5 lb -RRB- container is a little large if you keep it on the counter or try to scoop from it on a daily basis .
 My dog and I really like Nupro Joint Support . This delivers the great nutrition she needs in the form of a little gravy which she loves . I have researchedother glucosamine products , and this joint powder is the hands-down best for quality and cost , and ease of serving .
 We adopted our German Shepard from a rescue shelter when he was 3 yrs . old . His coat was very dull , he was scratching all the time and he had hot spots where he was tearing out patches of hair leaving sore spots . The Nupro supplement was great , within weeks the scratching and biting stopped in months he developed a beautiful coat . After a few years he developed the hip problems with soreness and limping so we switched him to Nupro Joint Support and it also worked great . Although he still gets a little sore sometimes , there has been a major improvement .
 I initially found this in a pet store , and checked with the veterinarian to make sure it was something my dog could take . It is now a MUST-HAVE addition to my dog 's meals , because she loves the flavor so much . Being able to get a larger amount of product at this price is a big savings over the local pet stores in my area .
 I have two German Sheppards , and a black lab , collie mix . The German Sheppards are older , 10 years , and have hip and joint issues . In addition to that the one German Sheppard gets viral skin outbreaks that the vet said there was nothing we could do for that . Four days on this supplement and his skin is healing rapidly . So much for the vet knowing what 's best ... I will never stop giving this supplement to my dogs .
 This product came highly recommended . I have only used it for a short period but it seems to be helping my dog .
 Nupro addresses joint and skin issues from the inside out . It 's a wonderful supplement we use regularly , along with Solid Gold 's Sea Meal . It helps keep our dogs looking their best , for the many shows and events we attend . Their coats are shiny and healthier , which is the main reason we use it . My dogs are picky eaters . They will not readily take a powdered supplement , but I have found that Nupro is different . It is liver-flavored , and that makes a HUGE difference , at least from the dog 's standpoint . My dogs do n't like this in a wet or gravy form , so I have found that by adding just enough water -LRB- one or two tbsps -RRB- , and stirring well , the powder will coat and stick to their kibble . When I do this , they readily gobble it down . Note
 This product took about 10 days to kick in , and when it did it worked wonders . We were worried that our dog was going to need hip surgery , now she is running and jumping like she did when she was a puppy . HIGHLY recommend this product .
 I love the Nupro Joint supplement ! This has really helped my four year old lab that has elbow dysplasia . I highly recommend trying this product .
 I began Timothy , our 11 year old Springer Spaniel , on this at the end of May after our vet sold us a very expensive small container . Then i purchased the 5 pounder & am ready to order more . Timothy is now able to go up & down the stairs and keeps up on our 3 mile walks again . Awesome product . Well worth the dinero .
 Received this product approximately 1.5 weeks after ordering it and the box was completely smashed ! the container that the product was in was pretty banged up as well , but was intact.-However , This product is great , my dogs love it , and for once it is a product that a vet recommends ! My three labs have been on it for about a month . One has fairly bad arthritis -LRB- 8years old -RRB- , so i 'll let you know at the typical therapeutic treatment range -LRB- 3 mos -RRB- to see how it goes .
 Great supplement . Started my dalmation on this supplement at age 9 when he started to have hip issues . Within a month he was back to his playful/active self . He is now 14 and still on Nupro . Am convinced this product has helped to keep him active -LRB- along with good weight management -RRB- . At this point he is on a med for his hips/joints but he is happy and his playful streak still comes out . Highly recommend this product versus others I have tried . Makes a tasty gravy that he has yet to tire of .
 Our Rotweiler mix , Tia , was physically deteriorating before my eyes . She struggled to get up and would n't even finish her much loved walks . She barely had the energy to even shake , her coat was not shedding out , she licked incessantly , and started smelling like her body was decaying . After 3 days on Nupro -LRB- no kidding -RRB- , her energy level picked up , she seemed perkier and happier . After 3 weeks , she is now running with our other dog , beating me to the end of the walks and overall just doing much better . Tia is happy ! My husband has even commented how much better she is doing and he was a skeptic . Our Pitbull is also more limber and energetic after using Nupro . I am so glad I did not resort to just medicating Tia for arthritis and am ordering more Nupro when I am done with this post . I highly recommend this product !
 Bought this product for our 151/2 dog . She suffers from stiff joints and hair loss , this product seems to help both conditions .
 I recommend this product to anyone with dogs that are aging and/or have arthritis . My 15 year old dog runs around like a puppy and is pain free !
 Have used this now for 5 years on my 120 lb . Bouvier des Flandres . He is doing great , runs around , and in addition has never has any skin problems . Even seems to keep the fleas off .
 Our six year old Golden Retriever came home with NuPro from the breeder . Never heard of the stuff before . Anyway she hashad been on it for six years and has the most beautiful coat in the world . No problems with skin conditions that dogs seemto get honestly without trying . I now buy the silver bucket that will last over a year . I know it is allot of money but sure makesup for vetrinary bills concerning skin problems etc. . I never thought of letting her lick the spoon ! I also giveher a tad of plain yogurt and cottage cheese in with the dry Iams food . This was the formula that the breeder gaveus and we have never varied .
 my 12-year-plus dog LOVES THIS STUFF . I 've been feeding at half the recommended dose -LRB- with a little water for `` gravy '' on dry kibble -RRB- and her coat is shiny and full of color in less than a month . -LRB- She even licks the spoon I mix the `` gravy '' with ... -RRB- Nupro also made a big change in her disposition
 If I do n't feed my dog this product for 1 month , I feel she is not as energetic as she was . After taking this vitamin again , she is back to normal ...
 I have three dogs - 2 min pins with chronic dry skin and an older mixed dog with joint problems . Since using Nupro , the min pins skin problems are gone and their coats are like silk , and my older dog is noticeably more lively and playful , so presumably in less discomfort . Highly recommended . Mix with warm water and their food and it makes a yummy gravy . My min pins leap up in the air and spin when they can smell me mixing it up .
 I just ordered my second can of Nupro Silver , after seeing how much difference it has made for my eight year old collie . He was experiencing a lot of stiffness in his joints -- he was slow getting up and just could n't run and jump like he used to . After giving him this supplement for a few weeks , he 's a lot more active and cheerful . Almost like a puppy again . If I were n't a vegetarian , I 'd be tempted to try it myself !
 We have 2 large dogs , one 8.5 and the other 2 years old . The older one seems to be having joint issues and thought this would help . They love it on their food and it mixes so well as a gravy . Seller was fast and had a great price !!
 I have an 11 year old standard poodle and started using this product when she was about 8 years old . She is amazingly limber with very little arthritis pain -LRB- except in the morning -RRB- . When I happen to run out or forget to give her the Nupro Joint Support -LRB- once daily in her wet food -RRB- I can notice the difference within weeks . Great for the coat also . Ca n't go wrong with this , I would highly recommend this product .
 I purchased Nupro Joint Support about 6 weeks ago . My 9 year old Lab has arthritis and was in pain even though I have been giving him a prescription drub obtained from my vet . The drug has been helpful , but with the introduction of Nupro Joint Support , Monty is almost back to top form . He can play frisbee again without limping after a play session . He can also swim vigorously again . AND HE LOVES THE TASTE !! I mix it in with his dry food , and then moisten it all with warm water . It has a rich , meaty aroma . He gulpts it right down . His coat most certainly has a sheen to it again . This is a cost effect , and reliable product . I recommend it highly .
 I got this product upon recommendation of the vet after my 5 year old pomeranian had double knee surgeries and continued to limp with some post-surgical pain . He 'd been completely bald for years due to another condition . Within 1 month of using 1/3 scoop daily our 10 pound baldy started re-growing hair . He now sports a thick double coat , runs circles around his amazed owner without a trace of knee pain , and looks like the show dog he was bred to be ! The product is highly digestable , and even this finickiest of eaters likes the gravy it makes with a little added water .
 My 3 dogs love this stuff , in fact my cat started eating the dog food so I now put a little on her food to make her happy.The directions say to add water to make a `` gravy '' my dogs do n't eat their food all at once and it seemed at first that they did n't like the product.So , I stopped using it at first but , I had bought a large container and wanted to at least use up the can . I decided to just sprinkle it on dry until I used up the can , and they ate it no problem . WELL , I finished the container with no intention on purchasing it again ... My dogs boycotted their food!SO ... I am now half way though my second can and I 'm keeping an eye on it so I do not run out again.My dogs are 141/2 , 12 , and 81/2 years old and I 'm happy to have found a product that gives them extra nutrients and also helps to keep my oldest eating her food . I have noticed definite improvements in her energy and coat . In fact people we meet at the park ca n't believe she is that old.Amazon has this at the best price I have found , plus I can trust my Amazon purchases .
 I have used Nupro Silver with my aged dog for the last two years . When my English Pointer turned 14 , her energy level dropped and her interest in general dropped as well . I feared she might be ready to leave and I could not bear this . Though we buy the best foods available , real chicken/lamb based products with no by products or unnatural preservatives , provide six level filtered water , and she has a magnet bed , I decided there must be a supplement that would help . I considered missing link but when I compared it to Nupro , for quality and price , I purchased Nupro . Within three weeks , my dog 's energy picked up and she is still alert and active . I am more than pleased with Nupro and would not be without it for one day . I highly recommend it for aging dogs and that means for all dogs . I give it to all our dogs every day .
 I use this product for my own two German Shepherds . We belong to the Oklahoma Working Dog Association which includes another 20 or more dogs , and the members share a lot of feedback about various supplements used for our dogs . Many of these dogs compete in Schutzhund sport , so they need to be in top physical condition . I personally was using a more expensive joint supplement than Nupro for a couple years , but my dogs coats started looking shabby . A couple other `` club '' friends said they were going back to using an `` old standby '' -- Nupro -- so I ordered some for my dogs . Now the dogs ' coats are shiny and healthy -- looking show worthy ! My 6-year-old 95 pound male -LRB- all muscle , not fat ! -RRB- is taking the jumps and hurdles and running like a puppy with absolutely no sign of joint discomfort.We and several friends feed our dogs a homemade diet . Therefore , we are very careful to include appropriate levels of vitamins and minerals as additives . The Nupro silver provides a quite complete array of nutrients . Also , the Nupro company was very helpful when we requested more information than was found on the product label . They quickly sent a detailed and complete list of the ingredients in this product . I was impressed with their openness and helpfulness.In all -- very highly recommended supplement !
 We 've had our three dachshunds on Nupro Joint formula for over a year , now . We sprinkle a bit on their dry food -LRB- Solid Gold -RRB- in the morning and evening , and then add a bit of warm water to make a `` gravy . '' They LOVE it!Being doxies , all three have had back problems of one kind or another . Dax , our `` old lady '' -LRB- 10 years -RRB- , has been incapacitated to the point that we had to give her a cortisone shot and sedate her in order to give her time to heal . She also used to have a chronic problem with the hair follicles on her coat getting infected , which required washing with a medicated shampoo . Even then , she had a very poor coat with a moth-eaten appearance . Not a very nice look for an otherwise beautiful dappled girl!But we 've experienced none of these problems since we 've started the Nupro/Solid Gold combo . All three coats -LRB- two smooth ; one long-hair -RRB- are full and shiny , and the only back problem we 've experienced was a pinched nerve on my rambunctious boy , Ro , after taking a leap from our bed -- a place he had no business getting up to in the first place . Even that problem was short-lived , and he made a full recovery after a vet trip for a small run of anti-inflammatories . I highly recommend using a quality food and supplementing with the Nupro . Once you get your dogs to where they are healthy and shiny , you only need a light sprinkle on a meal to keep 'em going . We feed three small dogs twice a day , and a 5Lb container lasts us months .
 Have been using this product over the last 6 years on my four large breed -LRB- rescued -RRB- dogs . Two of my dogs started with severe allergies & one had alot of nutritional challenges when I began using Nupro . After three months , the difference was tremendous . The price of the product seemed high , but I was n't spending any for allergy visits at the vets . Not having my dogs on the recommended steroids for allergies made it worth everything.I switched to the Silver Joint as help for the progressive dysplasia in my oldest dog . Three of my rescues have moderate dysplasia -LRB- elbow and hip -RRB- and one has a badly healed fracture with arthritic problems . Again , WOW . We all walk two miles a day , even years after the vets believed my oldest would be crippled and in constant pain . I feed a natuaral food and use Nupro supplement daily and after 6 years of glowing annual vet reports , would n't have it any other way .
 I tried this product to help and heal my 3 y.o. dog 's wounded leg which caused him early arthritis . I also gave it to my other large dog as a precaution . Well , let me tell you , they love it . It is definitely worth the time to pre-mix it with some water and make a gravy , then add it to their food . That way it is easier to eat and no powder is left behind wasted . My injured dog greatly improved and is getting stronger . My other dog , who I thought had no joint problems , also improved her ability to get up quicker and easier . I will never stop giving this to them . They also have a shinier coat and lots of energy . I highly recommend this product to everyone . I also checked out the prices with shipping at alot of places and this price was great .
 I have tried many other arthritis supplements and this one is by far the best ! My ol doggie bounds and runs like a pup again ! I just mix it with some water and it makes a gravy that my usually picky pup loves ! If I mix it up the night before it thickens up.I like it so much I ordered the 20 lb size !
 My 10 + yr . Husky had a little arthritis in her foreleg . I went to local pet store & picked up this Nupro Joint Supplement . Then , I found this 5lb supply on Amazon through Entirely Pets at a great savings . I also have a 6 + yr . GSD & 5 + yr . GSD/Collie rescue & decided to use it for all . It has been several months & my Husky rarely limps now & runs pretty well at the beach . She is quite playful too . My other two are energetic & all of their coats are shiny . Best of all they love it . I mix with a little warm water.I also give them 1000mg of fish oil daily in a gel tab.I advised my vet & he approves.I would definitely recommend giving this product a try . Not only for joint support , but overall wellness & maintenance .
 Good stuff . Helps with dogs that are under weight or over weight . Their coats show a difference too . Ca n't think if anything bad . Been using it for about 10 years . Dogs love it . Just sprinkle on their food
 We have been giving this to our dog for year -LRB- 9 year old Golden Retriever -RRB- and she has n't had any joint issues . It could be all a placebo effect , but we will continue giving it to her . On a plus side she loves this stuff ! If it is in her bowl she will make sure to lick it clean . This has come in useful when we need to give her medicine . If we &#34; hid &#34; it under this supplement she eats it right up , not problem .
 Its cheaper then buying from pet stores at least up here in Alaska , I like this product improved my pets joints they are a lot more active and not feeling any pain in their hips . I do recomend this product to other pet owners . pets love the taste of this product
 We have a 12 year old Golden Retriever and have noticed the weakness in the hind legs , likely from arthritis setting in . I am already giving her Cosequin , but after reading the reviews about this product , we decided to give it a try . After about 3 weeks on this , she has more spring in her step . She used to only be able to walk for one mile at a time . Now she is trotting/galloping for 1.5 and doing really well . I would highly recommend this product . I wish I would have known about this sooner , as I would have started this a few years ago . One warning though-it does cause pretty funky breath , so make sure you are brushing your dog 's teeth , or adding a supplement to the water to combat this . It 's worth it though !
 My vet told me 10 years ago that my dog would need leg surgery . I put her on this product and she never had that surgery ! The vet thinks she is doing just fine . She is 12 yrs old now and can still charge across the yard like a young pup .
 I have two older canine pals that are 11 and 12 years old - a Lab and Border Collie . Both had grown to the point where they were slow to get up , limped around some - the Lab having to lift one of his rear legs occasionally , difficulty getting up and down stairs , etc. . I researched supplements and of course spoke with my vet . I tried 2 or 3 different products and then came across some positive reviews for this Nupro and gave it a try.After about a month on Nupro -LRB- guessing here - at least 10 months ago when first tried it out -RRB- I noticed quite an improvement and things just got better from there . Neither of 'em limp anymore and are quite agile again . Their coats are beautiful too ... the Lab has always had a nice coat , but I 've seen a remarkable improvement in my Border Collie 's coat - it was basically dull / flat looking but now has a nice sheen and his skin is n't flakey like it was previously . If I had 3 thumbs I 'd put 'em all up for Nupro !
 Great product and the dogs love it . I add a bit of water to make it more of a gravy and they love it . Excellent for their bones and joints . It really makes a difference . I have a 5 yr old boxer and 14 year old ridgeback and both dogs get the product daily .
 I purchased this product twice at the pet store I shop . I found this on line for half the price even with delivery was a better and more affordable price than in the store . I have a very large dog 138 lbs who has arthritis . She was not able to stand up and could barely walk . She still struggles some but now can walk up the blk and back . This product I highly recommend and love the results , so does my dog . -LRB- :
 Our adult dog seems to really benefit from taking this . If we 're traveling and he misses a few days , when he jumps down from the sofa he yelps when he lands . When taking this he does n't so I think it 's helping . I sprinkle it on his food and add some water to make a gravy .
 My pomeranian has a loose patella on his back leg -LRB- this is where the knee cap dislocates -RRB- and arthritis . Prior to giving him this supplement , he would limp from time to time and his back leg and would walk sort of wobbly . This product helped him to move better and he would have less knee cap popping out incidents . I will continue using this on my dog .
 I was really concerned . My 15 year old medium size border collie was not doing well . . she could n't get up on her own because of her back hips , was developing bald spots , her desire to eat diminished and she lost a lot of weight . . she was having serious problems with her poops - had even thrown up quite a bit . I was really distraught . She is too big to be carried and we have a baby.I am a dog walker and a customer was using NuPro Gold so I thought , why not check it out . . The change has been remarkable . . She is so full of life . . looks for her food , her coat looks AMAZING and she has been a happier pup . I am forever grateful for relief it has given her and so happy to see her enjoying life again .
 I 'm always wary when supplements are recommended to me , as most are over-hyped and ineffective . This supplement , however , really impressed me . I have a large Doberman with a hip disability , and after being on this supplement for three months I noticed a HUGE improvement in his mobility . Cold weather no longer hinders his movement , the MSM keeps the inflammation in his joints down , and every ingredient in it is highly digestible.I recommend to give the supplement at least three months to kick in fully . I was skeptical when I did n't see any results after the first month , but after some persuasion , I stuck with it , and I do n't regret it at all - nor does my dog ! Worth every penny .
 I was really really sceptical about this product . Was not sure if my dog would like it . When I read that you could add water and make it like gravy , I decided to give it a try . My dog LOVES it . She licks her bowl clean . I specifically got it for the arthritis and hip dysplasia issues . Time will tell . She has only be on it for less than a week . I will update in a few weeks .
 We are so happy with this product . We have two 70 lb dogs . One is 11 yrs old and one is 4 yrs old and has had 2 TPLO knee surgeries . We have been using the product for about a year . It has helped my dogs so much . If they miss a couple of days we can tell . But I really did not realize how much it worked until a friend got it for her dog that had trouble walking across the room and is now running up and down the hallways . I recommend this to everyone I talk to . Thank you !
 This stuff really is great . I have 2 GSMD weighing in at 135 lbs and 150 lbs . Before using this , they would limp for a few steps if they were laying around . Now with the product I have noticed that they are acting like they are puppies again , playing and running around . I have always feed them with quality grain free food and this product has no grain in it as well . It 's loaded with vitamins and minerals , which I think help with thier health , which in turn is why they appear youthful . I have noticed besides helping there joints , they have a beautiful coat , which by the way does n't shed as much either . My two boys love their food , so I 'm gon na assume it is very tasty .
 This is my 3rd container . My old dog reagained his puppyhood within a few weeks of use . It takes well over a year to go thru a 5 # container . It does make his breath funky after consumption but it is not bad enough to be bothersome .
 We use tablets for supplements for our dogs and have for years . We needed something for our older dogs who had problems with the tablets and/or size . This was easy to just sprinkle on the food and the dogs liked the taste . I would recommend this product to anyone looking for a little extra support to your senior dogs .
 heard about this product from someone i wastalking to in a bar . tried it and have recomended it since . the dog loves it
 The product gives my dog the extra nutrition that is missing in most dog foods and other supplements . I was able to take him off of 1/2 his current medication for low Thyroid which I believe was due to the Norwegian Kelp -LRB- natural Iodine -RRB- , and my vet thought I could be correct on that assumption . Great product !
 I 've been feeding my dog Nupro Joint Supplement for about 6 months now . First of all , she obviously thinks that it makes a delicious gravy , as she licks up every last drop . When I fed her supplement in pill form , she always managed to eat around the pill and drop it on the floor . There 's definitely no waste with the Nupro . Rylee is 8 years old and has some arthritis in her front left paw . She is still very active and I think the Nupro helps her stay that way . She still stiffens up some after she rests but for the most part , her overall health seems to be improved . I do recommend this product .
 Received product exactly as expected . Works wonders on my 1 rear old GSD suffering from pano . Makes it disappear !!!
 I use this on my senior dog who has obvious arthritis and is a bit stiff when getting up in the mornings . She will not always eat this , so I have had to reduce the recommended amount . However , I have noticed that my dog is slightly less stiff when getting up in the mornings .
 The Nupro Joint Supplement is excellent for my 2 huskies . They love the taste and would always lick it clean.I have been giving it to them since they are 1 year old and so far for the past 3-4years they never have any problem with their movement or joints at all .
 After a few days of giving my older dogs Nupro Joint Support , they are moving like young dogs . I am now giving all of my dogs Nupro . I would definitely recommend this product to others .
 We have a 2 year old pug who had suffered some injuries before he had been rescued . An mri showed some spinal lesions , but nothing that could easily be remedied . Old fractures to the hips , probably from being hit by a car or 2 , limited the use of his back legs , which often failed him . After some femoral head surgery , months on prednisone , and exercise , we decided to take him off prednisone , put him on an nsaid and add nupro joint support to his diet . We just finished the 30oz tub , and we have noticed marked improvement in his strength and mobility . This morning while giving chase , he jumped over the garden hose !
 I 'm so glad to have found this product . One of my dogs has seizures , for which there 's never really been any underlying cause found . He just has them from time to time . Last year it seemed like they were ramping up in frequency , so I really did my homework . One of the theories I found was the idea that potassium levels being off balance may be a potential contributor to non-specific epilepsy in dogs . No surprise there , as my vet already had him on a mild dose of potassium bromide daily . Yet , he was still having periodic seizures . The potential to increase the dose was an option , but I really just felt a nutritional solution was the way to go , or at least the best place to start.Originally I had my dog on the regular formula , and I could see results from the first week ! He 's always been a pretty healthy dog other than the random seizure thing , but there was no denying his overall health was improving . His coat became absolutely amazing . Later I switched over to the silver label joint support formula , since I 'd also been giving him glucosamine/chondroitin as well . This enabled me to provide his daily vitamins and the joint stuff together as doses of yummy gravy on his food vs. him having to take yucky giant pills . No brainer.He had one more mild seizure that I witnessed , and possibly one more when I was not home with him , but -LRB- knock wood -RRB- that 's been it so far . No more scary seizures ! I 'm not suggesting Nupro is a miracle product , but I do n't think it 's unreasonable to conclude a healthier underlying system for your dog can potentially help alleviate all sorts of ailments . Even if my dog was 100 % issue-free , I would still give him this supplement for his overall well being . My current budget does n't allow it , but once I 'm able to I 'm going to start my other dogs on Nupro as well.If you 're wasting your money on those dry , who-knows-how-old-they-are tablet style vitamins from the pet store , stop ! You 'll definitely see the difference in your dog with this supplement .
 We have been using this for years with our two dogs , they are both considered large breeds , a golden 10 years old and a Swiss Bernese Mountain Dog nine years old . They eat a very good quality food and we add NuPro to it . Our vet is so surprised when he looks at the age of our dogs . He says both appear much younger and are in great condition . We attribute it in part to the NuPro . Neither have any problems with their hips , back or any other joint pain .
 We just sprinkle a scoop of this powder on their food everyday and our two dogs just love it . It seems to have helped them as well , as they are not having any problems going up the stairs anymore . We highly recommend this product !
 We purchased this product specifically for our seven year old GSD who had been limping a bit . Within a couple of weeks of daily consumption she was walking much less rigidly and having no issues with getting up from a laying down position . She has a very sensitive stomach and had no problem digesting the Nupro.Unfortunately , we allowed it to run out , and she is starting to have the same difficulties she had prior to using the Nupro . We are definitely going to make sure we do not run out again.Also wanted to add that she really liked the gravy that you get by mixing Nupro with a bit of water and her kibble .
 I have a shiz tzu-laso apso mix and his hair is shiny and soft longer with this shampoo ! I have tried a number of shampoos over time and nothing makes his hair feel better . When I go out of town , they wash him at the kennel and his hair feels good when I get him back but the feeling does n't last any were near as long as with the Ultra Fluff . I first bought the product at one of the big pet stores and they decided to stop carrying it so I went to the internet to see if it was discontinued and found that no stores around me carry it so I just order it .
 I took my ferret Eva to a vet that used to run Steeplechase Animal Clinic and he said that Totally Ferret was the best dry food for ferrets , either that or Zupreem . He was a very experienced exotics vet and said to feed this rather than the garbage that is sold at Wal-mart . One thing though is that you have to gradually transition your ferret over to any food because they get `` set '' on a certain food and wo n't easily recognize something new as even being food . They have to eat several times a day and can quickly starve to death if you take the attitude of `` They 'll eat it when they 're hungry enough '' , because , simply put , they wo n't , and they could die . In order to get your ferret to accept a new food , you have to gradually transition by adding a little of the new food to the old food and switching them over very slowly , making sure they 're eating .
 This food is by far the best I 've tried for my ferrets . It 's nutritionally complete for the complex needs of ferrets and they love it . I would reccomend this food to any ferret lover .
 I have three cats and five large litter boxes so these liners make it easy to dispose of old litter when I clean the boxes . I also like this product because of the jumbo ` Hi Back ' size and the liner seals with a drawstring tie . All of my litter boxes have high backs so regular large liners just do n't cut it . Amazon 's pricing is also great because these liners usually run from $ 9 - $ 11.00 at pet stores . I just wish Amazon would add this product to Subscribe and Save -LRB- hint , hint ;--RRB- .
 I wish I had found these earlier . The fit the large back cat pans perfectly and are very difficult to pierce !
 First off , love the subscribe and save option and the fact that 12 come in a pack . 3 months and I 'm good to go . It 's not like the hotdog and bun purchase dilemma where there are extras . We use feline pine and these and my wife changes it out once a week , no issues , cats love it . We have been told that cats do n't like to have plastic bin liners by a shelter , bullocks I say .
 I have the high back litter box , and regular kitchen trash bags just do n't fit it ... these are perfectly fit for them !! Throw one of these in and load in the litter ... easy to pull out and empty !! I get the automated refill program with these ... so I never run out ! I can usually go several weeks between changing the bag -LRB- as long as I scoop regularly -RRB- .
 If these liners were more durable , I would give them 5 stars . I have had a very hard time just finding high back litter box liners so I have to order online . With the free shipping , I found it cheaper to order on Amazon than other sites . We just double up and use more than one . But at least they fit .
 Could n't be easier . I just put the liner in the litterbox . Then I put on a layer of newspaper -LRB- my cats like to dig deeply and I do n't know if they could puncture the bags otherwise -RRB- , top with litter and when it 's time to throw it away I just lift by the drawstrings and take it away . One hint I make sure I locate the handles and pull them a little under the box so I 'm not looking for them when it 's full of dirty litter.I find the bags to be strong and they have made the whole chore a lot easier .
 I would give them 5 stars if they were biodegradable bags . They make easier the litter cleaning job . My kitty only like these bags because of the fit . The others bags did n't fit so she scratched them .
 Have been using these liners since we first acquired our cat six years ago , but Petsmart discontinued them about a year ago . They 're so good that I keep using them even though I ca n't get them locally and have to mail order them.Heavy plastic , effective drawstring , and the right size for a high back litter pan . I 've never had a leak with these.Amazon has done a great job of handling my orders for these -- I usually order a year 's worth at a time .
 Cats have claws . Cats dig and cover . Considering what a litter box liner is up against , these drawstring liners are the best I 've found . Now if only Snaggletooth would figure out how to change the litter & liner ...
 These pan liners work great in my high-backed , covered cat box . They 're easy to apply and they fit very nicely in a pan that is unevenly shaped - not all pan liners do . I tend to use them in conjunction with a disposable dry pad -LRB- like the ones for training dogs -RRB- underneath because the plastic is very , very thin . If you keep your cats claws sharp and they like to scratch around in the box after making a deposit at the Bank of Poop , these bags will easily tear . Use with a pad , or be prepared to spend some extra time cleaning the inside of your box .
 ... since I was unable to find them in my local stores , and I looked in all of the large chain pet stores as well as the small mom and pop pet stores . I also looked online for these and Amazon was the only place that had them at a good price . They fit the high back litter box I bought for my cat perfectly and the drawstring makes it easy to pick up and throw away the mess . When needed , I 'll be back for more .
 I find this product great . It fits the litter box perfectly . It is easy to install and to dispose of used litter . The cats do n't rip the liner.Great product . 3 cats share this box-no complaints from them .
 These are by far the best pan liners I have used . The petmate liners without the drawstring just do n't measure up . Thank you Petmate !!
 These fit the high back litter pan perfectly . My husband -LRB- who is the major litter box maintenance person -RRB- says he likes the shape and performance .
 I choose to use this product to go with our Petmate Hi-Back Litter Pan . This allows for easy cleanup . These liners are very convenient as well as affordable priced here on Amazon . A truly great buy .
 These liners fit perfectly in a jumbo litter pan with a lid . They are strong and do not bust when full and trying to remove . You can draw the string and tie off and take out to the garbage without any worry of busting open . Best liners I have ever used .
 It 's interesting how reviews talk about how thin the liner is . Most liners are this mil . If you want better thickness , make sure to look at box and find something 2 mil or higher . This liner works fine if you keep your cats nails clipped . I use it between an absorbent pad lining the box and a 2 mil liner on top . I do not like leakage ! The jumbo fits my extra large hi back pan perfectly . I have yet to have a cat get through these layers .
 one of the few products available for the high back litter boxes . . hard to find and nice to get . . only &#34; drawback &#34; is that the drawstring does n't work very well , but not a huge problem ...
 the entry of it is a lot wider than other jumbo size litter pan liners.i used it for cat-it jumbo litter box
 These liners fit my Petmate Hi-Back pan perfectly . My cat has all her claws and is a vigorous digger , but so far she has n't scratched through this bag . It does take me about 10 seconds to find the openings where you pull the drawstrings , but I do n't think that 's a major con . Also there is always a little bit of dust on the bottom of the box when I remove the bag of litter , so I still wipe down the box before putting a fresh bag , but overall this saves a lot of time cleaning the box vs. having no bag at all . Would definitely recommend and will keep purchasing .
 These liners are meant to be used with the Petmate Hi-Back Litter Pan , Jumbo size . The bags are thick enough to withstand any nail scratching . The drawstring makes it very easy to change the cat 's litter . It 's not only easy , but more importantly it is clean to do and there 's no litter dust .
 I double these up since my cats all have their claws and I 'm not great about remembering to clip them regularly . I love the drawstrings and find that they bags really do keep things cleaner when it comes to litter box maintenance . I 've been using these for years !
 I use these every time I change my cats litter box ! It keeps the pee from sinking to the bottom on the box ! My cat has tried to claw through it but has never succeeded . I couldnt go on without it !
 My two cats LOVE this bed ! Years ago I got one for the first cat and she took to it right away . Last year we took in a homeless kitty , and at first he preferred the floor . Over the summer he decided the bed was his . I spent a lot of time and effort hunting for another one so both cats could be content ! Both cats prefer the flat bed position as opposed to the optional hide-away position.I think what makes this bed different & appealing -LRB- to the cats -RRB- is the shape when in the flat position . It is neither round or a wide oval like typical beds . It is more oblong , so cats can stretch out but still have the secure sides around them that most cats enjoy.The only drawback to this bed is that it is not machine washable . Because of this , I always put liners in which I can easily toss in the wash . I use either a towel or a piece of fleece fabric .
 i 've been feeding my cats this brand for a month now and they really like it a lot . Even my finicky ones . -LRB- I have 3 -RRB- . I bought it because one of my cats was having a lot of bladder infections and I read that cats need more protein and good things besides carbs . So far I have n't had any reoccurrence with his illness .
 A dog trainer recommended Solid Gold Beef Jerky to me . I can only find it online . I have two dogs -- a maltese and a golden retriever . It 's great for training or just giving your dog a yummy treat . You can easily break them into smaller pieces for small dogs or just give the full size to a larger dog . Both my dogs go nuts when I take these out . The golden actually drools in anticipation for how tasty they are . They 'll both choose this over anything else . It 's a little pricey -- so I try to use sparingly .
 This shampoo is excellent . We use it on our lab and she wo n't smell `` doggy '' for about 3-4 weeks !!
 I used this product on my dog when he had some hot spot . While the shampoo is strong in herbal smell and does not lather as much as other type of shampoo , it does the trick .
 When my local pet store stopped carrying this , I was so disappointed . Thanks goodness Amazon still has it . It is the best smelling dog shampoo I have found , and my dog is oh-so-soft after he dries from his bath . He stays clean , too - seems like dirt just falls off . It 's only when he 's gotten slobbered on by another dog that he needs another bath . His skin is quite healthy , and we 've been using this shampoo for years now . Highly recommended !
 I also use this shampoo as a `` skin lotion '' ! My dog has flappy ears and the inside gets red and very sensible , my groomer recommended to just spread the shampoo with a cotton ball , works great ! It is natural , safe and loaded with good herbs .
 We use this stuff on our Bichon Frise.It works pretty good and agrees with him.Recommended !!
 this brush has a small flea comb inserted in its side and also really does dogs facial hair nicely . the rest of the brush combines a wire brush with bristle to use on your dog . this product is well priced and does the job nicely .
 The brush works as intended . After using this , I think two separate brushes would be the way to go . It 's too easy to poke the dog with the metal bristles when you are using the softer side .
 My puppy who is a toy rat terrier was not eating very much of her merrick puppy plate and not gaining any weight . So the vet told me to mix wet food with her dry food . So I switched her to Fromm 's Surf & Turf grain free dry and then started mixing some of the Fromm 's wet canned shredded beef . My puppy devoured this and licked her bowl and went looking for more . The best part is that I can take her right outside after eating and she goes right away . And , her stools were still formed not messy . -LRB- Gross , I know but important to pet owners who do n't want to clean up mess -RRB- . This stuff is better than Weruva too . The weruva cans were filled with more liquid and consequently , the stools reflected this . But Fromm 's is the best . THe doggie loves it and she did n't have any side effects even transitioning her all at once the way I did . The ingredients in the food are all totally healthy and the pup loves it . Great company , all holistic , safe , and made in the USA not in Communist health hazard China .
 This is one of my doggies most loved treats . They are mostly dry eaters but occasionally I give them some canned food as a treat and it is always Fromm .
 Absolutely love this wet food as a compliment to our Fromm 's Dry food that we feed our two dogs . Quality ingredients and it 's so tasty that our girls freak out and start to cry as soon as we open the can -LRB- they did not do that with previous wet food -RRB- !
 I have an 8lb chihuahua/terrier mix who would not consistently eat his meals . I 'd feed him twice a day and there would be days he 'd literally only eat a 1/4c food if that . I figured to try mixing wet canned food w his dry . I have been feeding him Fromm dry , he only eats the gold label for some reason , but hey if it ai n't broken do n't fix it !! I bought a can of the 4 star canned food and the other type of canned food they sell -LRB- ca n't think of the name , but it 's more of a pur&eacute;e mush -RRB- . He did n't care Much for those cans but gobbled the four star shredded beef up ! I returned the other type and got beef , pork , and chicken . Right now he 's tried beef and chicken and loves them both . I think it 's the fact that their is more chunks that he likes . Il do a serving of his dry food with a spoon full to two and mix . He gobbles it up with no issue . He even spends his time licking the bowl haha . I can attest to the other post , that after eating his serving this morning waiting 10 min going out , dog did his business no problem -LRB- AND he pooped before he ate -RRB- so I know it was the food haha!All in all of you dog is having trouble eating dry food through a little of this in and they CAN NOT say no !!!!
 My beloved dog loved this food and I never had to take him to the vet except for once or twice in 14 years . I put in some fresh veggies too , but it is too bad they are n't going to continue this type of dog food , because it really is better to give dogs baked dogfood that has such good ingredients in it . I hate it when a company sells out for a cheaper easier way !
 Works great on my Shelties for dematting their fur . But you have to be careful , because it will pull the fur right out ! One of my Shelties had matted hair below his ears and I could n't get it out with a pin brush , but this one worked easy without hurting him .
 Was surprised how much fur came out of my Sheltie . She 's already well groomed but has excess fur on what we call her `` pants '' around the back side and tail . The tool really worked through this difficult area and pulled tons of fur out . That being said , she did n't like it and think it was n't comfortable for her even while trying to be gentle . We took breaks and did a little at a time . Pulling fur out is still ripping fur out so you need to be careful . Not using the jaws of death either - the regular tool was extreme enough and did n't want to torture her .
 This is THE pet owners best friend . It gets all the loose hair off in one or to swipes . Be gentle with it though , do n't press down . After the first few times you only need to brush with it once a week , really keeps the shedding down . -LRB- I have 3 dogs , what a blessing -RRB-
 I purchased this since other husky owners liked it . I am very happy with the results . It really takes care the the undercoat . Now my girl is looking pretty again .
 I confess , I did n't buy this on Amazon -LRB- which is where I buy everything now & I find the reviews of fellow buyers invaluable -RRB- . This was a random purchase years ago born of desperation due to my plight in the grooming of our golden retriever . I wish I 'd known of this product a long time ago as it would have saved me hours and hours of my life combing and brushing with little results . People , you wo n't believe the results you 'll get with this product . Yes , the part that cuts out clumps and tangles is somewhat sharp , but not dangerously sharp , and common sense needs to be used -LRB- I would think that goes without saying -RRB- , but with a dog with long hair , the dematting feature is invaluable . I 've been using this rake for several years and have found it extremely durable . I 've tried to control the fur on this dog for a long time -LRB- she 's 16 now -RRB- and I ca n't recommend this product enough . Changed both our lives for the better . She looked like she 'd lost 10 pounds after using it the first time . Caution , there will be volumes of fur so have a clean up plan .
 I have a long haired shepherd and this is the best brush ever for her coat however , I brushed her first with a regular bristle brush to get major tangles out . Then used this rake and the undercoat came off in clumps . It was really amazing there was that much hair still to come out after being brushed . I would highly recommend this product .
 I 'm not sure it 's an improvement over an ordinary brush with metal bristles . At least the brush catches the hairs so they do n't escape and fly around in the air . This rake , which my dogs and cats mostly enjoy the feel of , BTW , is not good at capturing clumps of hair , and I find myself manually removing the loosened hair from their bodies or trying to catch the escaped hair . I 'm still glad I bought it , but it has problems too . That 's probably why all of us pet parents have more than one grooming tool ! I have n't used the dematting rake much at all mostly because I 'm afraid I 'll cut myself or hurt my animals , so I ca n't speak for that part .
 This is a very good tool that works ! I am a groomer of years , and this is a must have for long coated breeds ! The only draw back is that you ca n't choose the color , but there is no other complaint !
 THIS BRUSH WORKS WELL . I WISH THEY HAD ONE A LITTLE SMALLER . I HAVE A CHIHUAHUA .
 I have two dogs , a Siberian Husky and a Border Collie mix . Every brush that I bought before this one could n't keep the mats out of the border collie 's fur ! We were constantly having to hack away at her coat ! But since I got this tool , her fur is cleaner -LRB- whcih means she smells better -RRB- and few mats ! As far as the husky goes , well it takes no time at all to brush through her thick coat as well . Huskies shed heavily in the spring and fall , which used to mean I would have to brush her and pull large tufts of fur out for weeks ! But since I got this tool , all it takes is a few swipes of the rake and her coat looks smooth and tuft free ! There 's less fur all over the floor , which means less vacumming , and both dogs are scratching less since they have less extra fur , not to mention , the fact that they are cleaner all around .
 this grooming tool is awesome . i bought it out when i was getting my pomeranian i tested it out on my cat . it worked great by the time i was done i had a clone on the floor . my pittbull loves the way it feels he almost falls down to the floor out of relaxation . its funny . i would recommend this product for any type of pet with or without shedding problems . great product im gon na by one for my mom .
 I am so pleased with this product . It does an incredible job on our Great Pyrenees coat and mats , the only problem we had was it broke on our first use . We did superglue it back together , and now it works like a charm . We love it !
 the comb broke off about two minutes into being used on little dog . I still use it though . It works better than anything I 've ever tried .
 This does n't look like it would work well , but it is awesome . After using it on my golden retriever , it removed a GIANT pile of fur that would have otherwise been shed all over my house . I sat there brushing him for as long as he would let me , -LRB- which was a long time -- probably 45 minutes or so -- because it seemed to be very relaxing to him and he seemed to like it -RRB- , and by the time we were done , I thought there was no way more fur could still be coming out , but it was . We did it again the next day for about a half an hour and got just as much hair the second day too . It really works and is a great deal . One note though , it says it includes a `` grooming guide , '' but that 's really just two sentences of instructions how to use the tool , so do n't buy if you 're buying it because it includes that ...
 Third brush purchased for golden retriever -LRB- adopted -RRB- . Furminator was good . This is much betterHas two sets of combs attached to handle ; 1 for undercoat other for dematting . Just flip the one you want in place and get ready.I do n't normally rate items but this comb rated one . Better instructions would be 5 star.D.J.Fortes
 This is the handiest gadget . The `` head '' ` snaps ' to being a de-matter or snap it the other way and its a `` undercoat '' comb.The dogs do n't go running off when they see it because neither of the head positions hurt them at all . And it works easily for us .
 This brush may not look much at first , but the effectiveness can not be overstated . I have a long hair husky that we brushed regularly and did n't think much of it until I got this brush . Even without the knot cutter -LRB- the long bladed edge -RRB- , the rake itself is so functional that the first day we removed another bucket hair that we did n't even know was there . I am an online shopaholic , and she said this is the best $ 10 I spent !
 I have a German shepherd/Irish setter mix . This a big dog ! A walking hair ball . Long have I wanted any excuse to take him to the pound . Hair everywhere . I honestly did n't figure he would shed this much . We brushed , brushed and brushed . Sadly he continued to look like a matted hair ball.The Vet and dog groomers said I would have to learn to live with it . My doctor put me on allergy pills and urged me to get rid of the dog . Kidd is a loyal companion and I just do n't have the heart . Now this brush works ! Dang if he do n't look like a showdog ! Bags of hair were removed and he loved it ! You can see the difference . Now I 'll have to learn to live with my allergy and my dog . Less hair , more dog ; Happy owner , Happy dog . PS My local pet store had nothing like this in stock . THE UPDATE
 Just as many of the reviews on here state this is a great brush for any dog with long hair or an under coat . I used this on my cairn terrier and my cairn terrier mix and it worked so well . Both of them hate being brushed and this did the trick quickly . I was amazed at the amount of hair that came off of them . Even now a couple weeks later I can tell the difference in their hair . This brush made the job easy and quick .
 This is the best tool you can ever purchase for a pet that 's shedding . It saved me a alot of $ $ too compared to the furminator , this one is alot more reasonable priced . After using this on my siberian husky I could tell the difference right away . I love this tool , should of bought it alot time ago .
 Until we bought this tool , we never had an effective comb that would remove our dogs undercoat . It has helped to reduce the amount of dog hair we clean up , especially in the spring when out dog begins to shed .
 This product worked great for my Golden Retreiver -LRB- thick undercoat -RRB- and OK for our standard poodle . We got a great deal of hair out of them and found a few mats we did n't even know where hiding under there . I would highly recommend this for anyone with a Golden!I bought this tool primarily for the dematting side , because I already had an undercoat rake , but this rake does just as well as the other one I have -LRB- which was much more expensive -RRB- . I checked out the blades very well on the dematting side , as I was a little concerned if they would be safe to use . The ends are dulled so that the sharp surface can really only touch the hair , not the skin . Of course , you need to be very careful around eyes , ears , and rough areas like elbows.The blades are not so sharp that they slice right through . A little tugging or sawing is sometimes required , so if you are n't careful it can still cause the dog some discomfort , but it sure beats picking through the mats with a comb ! As long as you are patient , you can work through mats with very little pulling.The nice thick handle fits well in the hand and makes it easy to use . I do n't know if they make a smaller version or not , but I think this one may be a little hard to use on small dogs . It can also be difficult to use on areas like leg feathering because of it 's size , but it did work there with some careful manuevering .
 Works better than other undercoat tools that cost MUCH more .
 I have a schnauzer -LRB- they have an undercoat -RRB- . This is the first grooming tool , I have found that detangles his undercoat . If you are wondering if you should make this purchase , go ahead , you will be glad you did.This is an excellent product , which was delivered sooner than expected .
 This product made me feel guilty for not buying it sooner ! I was using a standard dollar store brush on my husky-mix and had no idea how much undercoat was n't being touched . This brush worked like magic ! The first time I used it enough hair came out to fill a standard pillow case . My dog is much happier too . The only thing I do n't like about using this brush is that the hair is left on the coat , and gets everywhere . It is very messy to use . When finished the area around the dog is completely covered in hair . But it gets the job done ! Another caution is that the tines are very sharp , be careful .
 Since changing to Wysong , my puppy is shinier , more energetic , and she even smells much better than she had on her previous premium food . Highly recommended .
 I adore this product and also my two cats . Every time the see me with this in my hand they just follow me arround ! And it 's great that they follow me because when using it there 's a lot of hair that starts to fly and if cats did not followed me to the terrace it would be quite messy . It certainly does remove a lot of loose hair .
 Very nice . Looks pretty on the bird bit it could be annoying for the bird and he would always try to take it off . also you need to clean if often so it wont smell bad . it solved all my problems and the bird could fly and sit free inside my house .
 We have been feeding Wysong to our cats for many years . It is a wonderful food , with no animal by-products -LRB- which research shows is very bad for your pets -RRB- . We had a middle-aged cat in kidney failure who was given a 5 % chance of surviving ; we took a chance with the Wysong , and it turned her kidney values around to normal!The vet could n't believe it and wanted to know what we were feeding her.We currently give Uretic to one of our male cats who had cystitis -LRB- the other cats can eat it as well -RRB- . It is a wondferul food with no preservatives . We have a pet-sitting service and highly recommend it to our customers . It is so much healthier than the grocery store foods and even some of the foods available at pet stores .
 We started with this food with a female cat that had issues with Science Diet . We got a kitten and he insisted on eating the same food . Turned out that we were treating him for a condition we 'd not expected . After the female cat was gone we chose to switch to a different Wysong formula . That resulted in his first blockage . My husband did n't pick up a bag soon enough and had to resort to a small bag of grocery store food . 24 hours later we were in the emergency room with another blockage . We got another kitten . Our older male got in to the kitten food . My husband is at the emergency room again ... I was out of town and he did n't keep a close enough eye on what the cat was eating . As long as the cat is on the Wysong Uretic he 's fine . If we ca n't keep him out of the kitten food , we 'll have to resort to a PU . If your cat has urinary tract issues , this is a great non-surgical solution . We always get compliments on his beautiful coat from the techs and vets . I have a B.S. Animal Science , Pre-Vet and studied animal nutrition to extremes . Wysong is a fantastic brand of food that puts the animals first !
 Our cat went through two urethra blockages in a two week period over a year ago , costing us over $ 1600 total , plus a lot of worry , stress to our cat , and an overnight stay at the vet . We were terrified to leave the house for vacations , because how would a pet sitter know that he was blocked again ? We found out about this food on the web and have been feeding him nothing but this food now for over a year and it has 100 % solved the problems ! This food was a lifesaver !
 Are you looking for a more natural alternative to Hill 's or other veterinary prescription diets ? If you are , you may have found the answer . I either use this brand or Royal Canin 's Urinary S/O for my cats . My cats prefer the Wysong and my cats have not developed problems or blockages due to struvite crystal development since being on this diet.However , before you go replacing your veterinary diet , know what type of crystals your cats develop . This diet , IMHO , is very appropriate for cats that develop struvite crystals and require a more acidic urine . I can not speak about this diet for cats that develop oxalate crystals . Talk to Wysong and your vet before making the switch if your cat tends to develops only oxalate crystals or both struvite and oxalate crystals .
 My cat suffered from a blockage about a year ago . He underwent surgery and was placed on a prescription diet by our vet . After reviewing the ingredients in this ` premium ' food , I decided I needed to do my own research . I found Wysong Uretic at a local holistic pet food store and spoke to my vet about it . My vet had never heard of it , but said I should give it a try . It 's one year later and my cat has n't had any other urinary issues ! I 'm a big believer in this higher quality pet food !! Give it a try !
 We have an older &#34; puppy &#34; 14 + . We used to make him chicken and rice or beef and rice ect . We have found that this food keeps his teeth much cleaner and he actually has a little more spring in his step . He still ca n't hear me when I call him ... Perhaps they can add something to aid his hearing ? If they do that I 'll feed it to my parents as well ! -LRB- Kidding -RRB- . If you have an older dog , this is the food you should purchase , you 'll notice the difference .
 I have used Wysong dog food for 7 years and have always been pleased and so have my 2 dogs . I heartily recommend it .
 This is by far the best dog food I have ever used . My dachshund has one of those `` rare '' coat colors , the product of a gene mutation , which results in short , very fine hair , no undercoat , and occasional bouts of hair loss -LRB- when not on the proper diet , apparently . -RRB- I had tried a number of foods , both economical and higher end , and not one really seemed to work well , as he also has a weakened immune system and digestive issues . I found this product in my local health food store and decided to try it . It did n't take long before his coat was shiny and practically lush ! Its the only food I have tried that has done that . Its easily digestible -LRB- they also make one with fewer ingredients that i have since discovered that is great for dogs with allergies -RRB- and does n't leave him lethargic the way some brands did . Its worth every penny .
 Once I started using Wysong my dog stopped having ear and other infections which had been occuring on an almost monthly basis . As an added bonus her coat became much softer and shiner . She 's been healthy for several years on Wysong . The extra money I 've spent on the food has been very cost effective .
 This dogfood is great for our chocolate lab ... his coat is so shiny and soft . . hardly sheds anymore . . no itching or hot ears . . he is a fine specimen of health ...
 My dogs have done eaten Wysong products for many years now , and I 've been very happy with the results ... Highly recommended !!
 We have an 18 year old cat with serious digestion problems including regular vomiting and diarrhea to the point where she was dehydrated and very underweight . We were running out of things to try untill I heard of Wysong Geriatrx and decided to try it . All I can say is , this food has quite literally saved her life .
 High quality , no additive food as always with Wysong . My senior 17 year old kitty stopped vomiting when she eats its the only food she is able to keep down . I also give this to our 10 year old boy , and he loves it . Highly recommend this product .
 My 19-yr old cat seemed bored with her vet-supplied KD food . Since she has CRF , we have to be careful about what she eats , but she has to be interested in it to eat . I mix this 50/50 wit the Rx KD and she stopped losing weight . Apparently it tastes better !
 Recieved the package on time , but there was a glitch with the order . I had n't recieved the cat food I had ordered . I called , and they immediately corrected the problem ... crediting my account , and sending a complimentary bag of cat food for my inconvenience . It 's rare to do business with a company with such stellar customer service . I would recommend them highly to anyone .
 If you want to have a quick and painless transaction , this is the place to purchase WYSONG for your cat .
 These are another of my dog 's favorites . I live in a place where I ca n't get them at a pet store , and my dog bites down on them or paws at them repetitively to get the sound . These toys also make different sounds from the usual squeak . It takes a long time to make enough of a crack in them that they do n't make noise any more . The one I bought is at least the 4th for my dog . Highly recommended . -LRB- Even though they 're ugly :-RRB- -RRB-
 I have 3 cats all in dire need of a good supplement for their coats after this long dry winter . One of my cats is a shelter cat with a need to pull her hair out in clumps . She is obviously miserable due to skin problems and nothing was tasty enough for her to eat until Dermatrix . None of my cats would consume the fish oil concoctions after the first day of offering it . Dermatrix is the first product that they consumed with relish . The cats even clean their plates and do n't leave any food behind when I mix in one of these tablets . I could not be more pleased with this product . I will be suggesting that my veterinarian carry these for other people 's cats.Macy 's fur pulling seems much diminished after just a few days of giving her Dermatrix .
 I like the ingredients in this supplement . I crumble half a tablet into my mini schanuzer 's food every day , so it lasts for nearly a year . He likes the taste of it -LRB- although he is not overly picky with anything -RRB- . The skin bumps on his back seem to have improved , and he is full of energy , very alert and in great health overall .
 My Shiba Inu was always scratching himself -- even using a conditioner after baths , his skin would flake -- the vet recommended that I give him a supplement with fatty acids -- after reading the comments on the different supplements , I decided to try the Dermatrix -- after a week , I already felt a difference when I brushed his flanks -- his breath was a little fishy for the first two weeks but that cleared up -- the only down side is how expensive this product is !
 today i n got the product , my dog had 1/2 my cat no she would not eat it so i have to buy something else for her , she was never one vitiams before , i have to buy her treats for shedding , i will keep trying she might get use to it , she love chicken
 This is a great product . I have American Hairless Terriers and their skin tends to get dry in the winter . This helps greatly to improve that .
 I had been having difficulty getting my nineteen year old Shih Tzu 's favorite dog food . When a dog is that old , you do n't change anything ! This was a flavor of Mighty Dog that he had never had before , but he loves it ! Thank you for making a little old dog and his person happy .
 This is the best beach dog fetch toy ever . Its durable and can be thrown even in a stiff wind . Enough said . Izzy says yes .
 Great product !!!! So far this has been one toy my boxer puppy has n't been able to tear up yet .
 my cat began having digestive tract problems that my vet attributed to having a lack of fiber found in most cat foods . he also began having teeth & weight problems so she recommended increasing his intake of moist food , which have even less fiber than dry cat foods . i found this supplement at the petstore . i keep a measuring scoop in the bag & just mix it in w/his wet food , even my finicky other cat does n't even notice the powder mixed in . there has never been a problem w/them getting sick from this supplement , like cat grass tends to make them puke , but it has improved both of their digestive tracts and makes me feel better about giving them more wet food since this adds the extra nutrients & fiber they need .
 I started putting a small amount of this mixed into my 16 year old cat 's canned food once a day after he got a bad virus . A friend , whose cat had a serious blockage , had discovered this from a homeopathic vet in Manhattan.After using this for many months , my cat is much stronger , brighter , has a fabulous silky coat , and no sign of illness . His energy has increased substantially.I do not work for this company , by the way .
 I have tried a number of less expensive lory diet products , but our blue streaked lory wo n't touch most of them . One kind she did like separated before she could eat all of it . We 've been feeding her people food , but it gets messy , and I worry about getting her the right diet balance , so I ordered this stuff . She loves it . Absolutely loves it . Unlike a previous reviewer claimed , this stuff dissolves easily and completely and does n't separate . She typically eats 1 scoop of it mixed with 1/3 cup water every day . We are all very pleased -LRB- except when I have to pay for it ... -RRB- .
 My sweet Forstens lorikeet was a long-time ZuPreem Lory Nectar eater.When ZuPreem discontinued the nectar , I had a problem finding a replacement she would eat.She ate Goldenfeast for 2 days & hated Roudybush.Thankfully ! She loves Nekton!Her attitude is more mellow -LRB- Lori-style , of course -RRB- & her feathers are more irideecent.Her playfulness & energy are increased.Great , miraculous stuff ! Big kudos to the manufacturers .
 It smells like Milk Replacer . Bird loved it Naturally . And ate it without as much waste . And it dosent make a sticky nasty mess from him mixing it in his water and flinging it around as with the more affordable stuff .
 Well made product by a German Company which is a specialized product for fruit and pollen eating Polynesian parrots and keets .
 My Lory loves this nectar ! He has been eating this for 11/2 years -LRB- per the advice of his veterinarian -RRB- and although it 's hard to find , and somewhat expensive it 's worth every penny . I credit this Nectar for his great health and beautiful feathers . Prior to using Nekton Lori his feathers were dull and frazzled , now they are just beautiful ! In addition , this food is less messy than all the others we have tried . Highly recommend !!!
 My sugarbabies love this stuff and it is very good for them ! They get most of their vitamins from this . I use it for weaning all my joeys and hand feeding them . I also add it to the high protein & calcium diet that is fed to my pregnant & nursing mama gliders everyday until they joeys are weaned then I will give it to them every other day until she is fattened back up . I give it to all my gliders 3 or 4 times a week and ever since I started using it my gliders have never looked better or been healthier !! It is also really good for sick gliders and gets them back on their feet faster ! The only draw back is the fact that it is hard to find local and the really high price !! While I do like nekton the best ; I have used the sunseed quikco lori when I was not able to get the nekton and had great success and my gliders like it just as much or more than nekton ! I highly recommend this for anyone with gliders !
 Both my cats have a good quality dry food as their main staple , but enjoy sharing a can of Fancy Feast a day ; it makes their peaceful lives more interesting , and gives them that extra motivation to wake me up in the morning.Gourmet Seafood Feast is their very favorite flavor , but others that rank high are Fancy Feast Gourmet Chicken Feast and Ocean Whitefish and Tuna Feast.The flip top can makes it easy for their sleepy mom to serve breakfast , and the smell though fishy is not bad at all . Perhaps it might do with some sour cream on crackers if your run short on canap&eacute;s during your next cocktail party.The can states that its main ingredients are Ocean Fish , Liver , Meat By-Products , and Fish Broth . There are many other ingredients of course , as well as vitamin supplements . The can also states that Fancy Feast Seafood Feast `` Provides complete and balanced nutrition for the growth and maintenance of cats '' and recommends 1 can per 3 and 1/2 lbs . of body weight , and reminds us to `` Refrigerate unused portion '' . Whether served in crystal or the plain white ceramic bowls my buddies Liddy and Mushka get , your cats will love Fancy Feast , and will thank you with satisfied purrs .
 I bought this for my husband to clean the fish and turtle tanks and he loves it . It fits into all the small and curved tubes and filters . We looked at all the pet stores and the only place it can be found is online . He gives it 5 stars !
 i had one piece of my filter that i could never get to and it bugged me like crazy . this thing can get anywhere ! so glad i pulled the trigger on this .
 I bought this to clean the annoying U-bend in my Aquaclear filters . However , the brush needed a lot of forcing through in order to bend and it left patches of algae uncleaned . It will function well as a cleaner for straight tubes or slightly bendy tubes , though .
 This is an awesome brush . It snakes at any angle to easily clean any tube including the piece that bends to go to the filter pump . I have used to clean my entire filter . I love this !
 I recently gave a poor review of this product because my elderly cat appeared to have a reaction of pain while eating it one day and refused to eat it thereafter . I considered that there was a possibility the food may have had a `` sliver of bone '' or some such contamination and stated this in my review , because my two cats previously liked this food . TURNS OUT that she has an allergy to who knows what -LRB- not this product I 'm sure -RRB- which has made her mouth sore . The vet said it is common even in young cats and suggested it could have been caused by grass or plants she may have eaten during her short little trips out into the yard . So I am recinding my previous poor review and suggest that you buy this product if your cat likes it . Also this is a reminder that all `` Reviews '' , although well intentioned , are not always correct.Happy shopping to all !
 Wonderful product , wonderful price ! I feel I will buy this product again in the future . I hope this company never stops making this wonderful product !
 This one slipped from my cat 's favorite , to being almost out of the picture . He eats it still , but wants the carved varieties more . I buy this so much that I think he can smell it through the can when I bring it home . It 's a great food - the pieces are just the right size and not too big for my cat 's unusually small mouth . Friskies makes a great food according to my cat !
 Suki loved the new vitamins and minerals last night when I gave her a few nuggets at a time . This morning , however , when I put the rest in her crunchies bowl she continued to wait for her regular morning Classic Seafood Entrees breadfast .
 If your cat is finicky , this is the food to buy . Cats love this flavor , and it does not smell as strong as some flavors .
 Again , this is one of those varieties that you use as a `` variety '' from your cat 's regular likes . I toss this one in whenver I can find it in the store and my cat just eats it like well , I have to eat this , do n't I ? It 's not his favorite but he does choke it down somehow . He does n't leave this one so he likes it somewhat . It 's ground , so that is n't his favorite but you can actually see vegetables in this one . I like that part so that 's why I buy it .
 Each cat I 've had really likes this variety . They prefer the sliced versions over the ground such as this , but if I buy ground , they only like this one . It smells pretty normal - not too stinky to make you faint , but it seems more appealing than most cat foods do . I get pretty positive results with this variety and a lot of purring !
 I am having problems finding my cat 's favorite treat , Dental Diet cat food , in grocery stores , so I buy it here . The cat food comes very promptly in perfect condition .
 There 's not a lot to say about this product , given that I 've never tasted it myself . However , my cats , who have had serious dental problems in the past -LRB- even causing the removal of some of their teeth -RRB- , LOVE the Dental Diet . So , I guess it tastes pretty good . And , it 's eliminated the need for me to have their teeth cleaned every year , which is a huge monetary savings and a great relief , knowing I do n't have to put my cats through that torture regularly any more.If you 've found that brushing cat 's teeth is a ridiculously impossible project , I 'd recommend handing them a bowl of this stuff .
 Great product , big pieces mean the cat HAS to bite and chew them a bit before swallowing .
 I 've shared my home with many cats over the years . My previous cat suffered from terrible teeth along with diabetes and many other health problems -LRB- but lived 16 years -RRB- . When we got our new cat , I decided that I 'd do what I could to avoid serious dental problems -- and about that time , Friskies Dental Diet for Cats was introduced . As my cat became an adult , I phased out his `` kitten chow '' and introduced him to Friskies Dental Diet . He seems to enjoy it -- and I notice that he has to vigorously chew each chunk -- this chewing action acts to clean his teeth as he eats . -LRB- My previous cat would simply swallow the smaller pieces of dry food in whole chunks . -RRB- In the last 5 years of using this product , my cat has had `` no cavities ! '' reports from his vet -- and we have n't had to put him through the stress of a teeth cleaning -LRB- or me through the expense -RRB- . My only complaint is that the product has gotten quite hard to find and is only carried in a couple of specialty pet supply stores as well as here on Amazon .
 My cat , a very picky 10 year old , only will eat this wonderful food . It 's now nearly impossible to find in the stores - why ??? so thank you Amazon !
 I called Ralston Purina . It 's true . There will be no more Dental Diet . They say because of `` Lack of interest . `` Let 's try to get all our friends to write or call . Maybe we can get it back . It sure is good for cats . I 'm a veterinary assistant . Dental problems are very hard on older cats . Cat 's who eat Dental Diet do n't have dental problems .
 We have had many cats and every one of them has liked Dental Diet . Some of them even demand we give them Dental Diet . Out vet bills for having their teeth cleaned have been reduced drastically since feeding them Dental Diet . Why then has Purina discontinued this product ? Because they were n't selling enough of it to make money , they told me when I recently called them . I told them they had not advertised Dental Diet enough and they were probably making enough off their other products to carry this one because it is so good for cats . Of course in their `` big corporate wisdom '' this does n't make any sense . Why should a multi million dollar corporation that makes a good deal of it 's profits from selling food to cats be interested in the welfare of cats ??? Shame on you Purina !!!!
 My cat has very sharp fangs ; and he keeps them that way by eating Friskies Dental Diet on a daily basis . I do n't know whether he likes these Friskies because of their spherical shape , or because of their crunchy texture ... I asked him , but all he says is , `` Meeeeooow . '' Maybe he just likes the lovely mint-green bag they come in . Whatever the reason , my finicky feline friend DEMANDS Friskies Dental Diet . Unfortunately , for some unknown reason , the pet stores and supermarkets in my area have all stopped carrying this particular Friskies variety . Thanks to Amazon , I 'm able to keep my cat happy . And when he 's happy , I 'm happy .
 This is the only dry cat food my 18 year old cat will eat . This has been the only dry food he has eaten for the last 12 years . You used to be able to buy it in the grocery stores , but alas Amazon is only one of a few stores that carry it .
 I agree with everyone else , Friskies Dental Diet is the best ! My vet is always amazed each year that my cats do not need dental work and she swears it must be the dental diet food - they love it ! I have 3 cats 10 yrs old and only one has needed dental work . I am very dissapointed that it has not been available in any stores , either big chain superstores or speciality petstores . Purina PLEASE bring Friskies Dental Diet back to the stores - we need it !! Thank you amazon.com for having a way to order the food , i just hate to pay such high shipping costs .
 This cat food is VERY difficult to find in stores . I was glad to see it here . Our cat LOVES this as a treat .
 I have counted on this awesome product for years to keep my cats ' teeth clean and healthy but have not been able to find it locally for a couple of years . We are a mega-cat household and there is no way to brush all their teeth.Even though the cats were starting to get some less than perfect reports from the vet , I really had a hard time with ordering online when the shipping costs more -LRB- or almost more -RRB- than the product.Then I thought about the cost of having the vet clean their teeth -LRB- something that is not an option for older kitties because of the risks -RRB- and realized even with shipping I 'm saving lots of money -LRB- and time -RRB- . My cats love Dental Diet and are going to be so pleased when it gets here . -LRB- And I will be able to stop feeling guilty because I have n't brushed their teeth ! -RRB-
 I was very hopeful for this cat food , since I have been using Hill 's Science Diet Oral Care to control my cats teeth and breath.This cat food does have the larger ball shapes which forces them to chew down on it to clean the teeth . However , my cat was not a big fan of the taste . As soon as I would put it out , he would smell it a little , and walk away , only eating it later in the day when he figured this was going to be his only food . Maybe if I gave him more time , he would n't mind soo much but after a week he still would n't eat it at first.This is most likely due in part of him getting used to the Hill 's Science Diet quality of food , which is alot much more pricey than this food . However , my cat ABSOLUTELY LOVES the Hill 's Science Diet food and goes nuts when he knows I 'm getting it out.This cat food will work for your cat 's oral healthcare and the price is great !
 Both my cats and my mothers cats love this . I buy much more expensive , grain free food and they just love this . So I have had to keep this on hand . My younger cat and my mothers cat wo n't eat any other . So now there are probably going to be two thin kitties over Christmas because I ca n't get this anywhere and they say that they have discontinued it.Who makes these dumb decisions ? How about Friskies sharing the recipe and I will make my OWN dental diet ? That way we can both be happy ? I wish that another maker of healthy cat food would do a similar item , but with healthy ingredients . I believe that my cats just loved the big crunchy pellets . Not sure why .
 Friskies Dental Diet for CatsWe have 2 cats , ages 8 and 10 . Since graduating from Kitten Chow , this is the only dry cat food that they will eat . I used to buy whatever was on sale , and fill their feeder with it -LRB- they have a self-feeder that holds about a week 's worth of dry food -RRB- . I would mix in all different brands of dry food , including the Dental Diet . We realized that they were picking out the Dental Diet , and leaving the other dry foods there - only touching them if there was absolutely nothing else left to eat . So I just started feeding them only the Dental Diet . Neither one has ever had a problem with their teeth ! The 2 of them go through about a 3 pound bag a week . So for us , it is more economical to buy the larger bags , but they are hard to find . Thank goodness for the internet !
 My cat absolutely loves this food so when local grocery stores stopped carrying I was lost . Tried to start him on other foods which he tolerated but I was so happy to find Dental Diet on Amazon .
 All of our cats love Dental Diet ! One of our cats hardly touches anything else , and he is a light eater . -LRB- He has great , healthy teeth , BTW . -RRB- I bought several bags of Dental Diet online last year , right before it became unavailable . Do n't know what we 'll do in a month or two when we run out!I urge everyone to contact Friskies and ask them to bring back this great product ! Even if they were to offer small amounts of the product at a premium in treat-size bags , I would pay the extra amount .
 I have a very picky cat , but he has always LOVED the Friskies Dental Diet Dry Cat Food . We call them his `` crunchy balls '' . I , too , have had to ration them out to him , because they are so very hard to find . I used to be able to buy them at the store , but Purina put a stop to that , for some unknown reason . Finally I had to go online and I eventually found them there , but it was n't easy . Now I hear they are being `` discontinued '' because they did n't sell well . I am shocked and saddened -LRB- for my kitty -RRB- , and absolutely stunned by this unbelievable news . If they had kept them in the stores , where people could actually BUY them , maybe they would have had better sales . Duh ... . I 'd like to know whose brilliant idea it was to withhold them from the general public , and then yank them for lack of sales !? Because that person should be fired!PLEASE BRING THEM BACK !!!!!
 Great product . Our cat had tarter problems with other type of food . This product helped tremendously . It appears they have stopped making this as of 2010 . Get it while supplies last !!
 I ca n't believe they discontinued this product , what were they thinking ? Everyone needs to e-mail them to tell them we want it back !
 When the last shop in my area stopped carrying Dental Diet , and the dish where it usually was placed sat empty , my kitties mourned . So I went fishing here on the Internet and found it at my favorite store , Amazon . Thanks Big A ! I have one cat , a Himalayan , who will eat very little else , and he is aged and very slender . Another cat poaches from next door whenever he can . And my other 2 cats will never have dental work done again , I have sworn -LRB- unless an emergence like an abscess , -RRB- because -LRB- a -RRB- they suffer so after the anesthesia and -LRB- b -RRB- the Dental Diet rollies really do work.Order loads of these goodies , actually one could use them as treats!Friskies , your Marketing Department has fallen on its backside . This is a good product . Get out there and sell it !
 Dental Diet is the food my cat eats most . The new vet was amazed that my 14 yr old cat 's teeth were in great shape with little buildup despite never having them cleaned . I ca n't find Dental Diet in stores anymore and would hoard it except that the cat turns up his nose if it gets stale .
 Before I began using this as my four cats ' only food , the annual dental bill -LRB- $ 200 each -RRB- , not to mention the stress of the vet visit and anesthesia on both them and me was too much . This is the primary food , except for a special treat now and then , for all of them now and none have needed a dental cleaning in five years!They all like it just fine , and one of them even prefers to have a bit more of an adventure and serve himself right through the unopened bag if I do n't make sure it 's in a closed cabinet . -LRB- Even when there 's some in the dish - must be a real do-it-yourselfer ! -RRB- As another reviewer mentioned it 's been getting more difficult to find in the grocery stores - do n't know why - it 's great . With multiple cats , the larger bag is even more useful . Used to be I had a hard time finding the 6.3 lb bag , but lately , some of my local stores do n't even have the smaller sizes.So psyched to find it here -- thanks , Amazon !
 Our 2 cats have a tendency to get `` tuna mouth '' breath , especially when they get tartar build-up . Our vet recommended this product and , Holy Frijoles Batman , does it work ! It saved both of our `` pillows with teeth '' from having to get a professional dental cleaning .
 I have 7 cats , 4 of them just love this stuff and I even use it as a special treat ... 3 of them wo n't go near it.So it 's just a matter of luck or taste .
 I was really disappointed when this product was discontinued . My cat really went for it and after purchasing it a couple times , I could no longer get it . Then I learned they stopped making it . I was really glad to find it in the big 15 # bags on Amazon.com . I bought 3 bags and just give him a small handful a day , have used all of one and about a third into the 2nd . I hope it stays fresh enough til it is gone . My cat is 14 years old and I trust he will live longer than I have the catfood -LRB- probably have enough for at least another year and a half -RRB- . But he will feel terrible when it is gone .
 Rocky is a 20 pound 9 year old black cat . He loves this stuff so much that we have to ration it . The payoffis at the vet , he does n't get his teeth cleaned because he has never needed it.Fred Johnson
 My cats have been eating this food for years and adore it.When I 'm out they just go crazy until I get more.There are no colors added , and they never have a problem with digestion like they do with added coloring.It is getting harder to find and This site carried it and now my cats and I are back to normal .
 both my cats love this dental diet for cats . it 's great for their teeth also . to bad purina has stopped production of this item . it really was a great treat .
 The only dried food my cat will eat , and she needs something like this to control the plaque she gets when eating her favorite food , wet cat food . What the ____ is Purina thinking by stopping producing it ?!!!! Friskies Dental Diet has a rather mild odor whereas any other dry food designed for dental health -LRB- large kibble -RRB- smells more strongly -LRB- even rank ! -RRB- than wet cat food ever smells . I 'm sure that 's a large part of my cat 's reluctance to even taste other dry foods .
 I have fed Friskies Dental Diet to my 3 cats -LRB- ages 15 , 12 & 12 -RRB- for several years as a treat . They love it ! They come running when I ask if anyone wants to `` brush their teeth . '' The larger kibble size is not a problem and my vet admired how healthy their teeth were . Even my late 16 year old cat who had lost the majority of her teeth had no problem eating it . During her last few months I crushed them for her because she loved the flavor so much.Last year this food was hard to find . After a month or so -LRB- I had a stock pile -RRB- my store started to carry it again . Now , once again , it can not be found in stores . I contacted Purina and they said it was discontinued . I was thrilled to find it on Amazon and the seller was very quick in shipping it.I hope I can find a substitute when this bag is gone but since each cat only gets 8 pieces a day , it should take a while . > ^ . . ^ <
 I try to feed my pets only top-of-the-line pet food with no by products , meat as the first ingredient , etc. . . However , I make an exception with Dental Diet . The cats LOVE it and it 's good for their teeth , so I mix a little of it in with their other food . So , of course , Friskies has decided to discontinue it . I really hope they decide to bring it back .
 Read the title . When we heard this from a PetSmart store and then on a phone call with a representative of Friskies I could not believe it . My cats are 10 years old and that is the only thing they will eat .
 If your cat loves poultry and ground food , this is a great one . My previous cat loved this stuff , but my current cat just does n't like the ground variety as well . He prefers the food with chunks and gobbles it right up . I 've bought tons of this food over the years and many of my cats just loved it . It just depends on your cat - if you have one that likes ground , give this one a try !
 I 'm glad to have this product , which was highly recommended to me by the man who services my 200gal home tank . It installed easily , ` though I will need to have my cover cut -LRB- an extra expense because I ca n't do it -RRB- so that I do n't lose so much water to evaporation -LRB- by keeping lid off to accomodate the feeder -RRB- . Seems to work as intended , but it is a little awkward to remove -LRB- for loading or battery changes -RRB- , and more awkward to fill . Yet , it 's a life saver ! -LRB- For fish and me ! -RRB-
 Instructions are not clear , or even muddy , about installation . I presumed the unit would clamp to the side of the tank , not . An adhesive pad mount is included , -LRB- at least I assume it was to have adhesive , mine did n't -RRB- which mounts it to a horizontal top surface next to a hole or opening which would probably have to be cut out . My top filler panel is already short so I 'll use this opening . Could have been better in this design aspect but all else is superior . Two time a day programing and designed so evaporating moisture does n't gum up the dispenser as a lot of others do .
 My cat Crystal has to be the finickiest cat on the planet . After trying several brands and varieties of feline food , I decided to give this variety pack a go . Well , to my surprise Crystal lit into the flavor like it was `` manna from heaven . '' Thinking that this might be a fluke , I changed flavors for her next meal and she `` attacked '' this one with the same fervor . I knew then that this was the brand for her.And based on her MEOW-valous reaction , I can recommend the variety pack .
 Since these are not available in the store , this is a great buy for me . My cats are very finicky about theirfood . They like the meaty bits and gravy . It does not take long at all from order to delivery . This is a great way to feed your cats .
 this box right here is really cool ... it comes with 24 cans of food , not only 12 or 6 , but a whole 24 cans ...
 I 'm so glad that it comes in a variety pack for those picky dogs that we all love .
 Have heard no complaints from Tip the dog , or his owner as this was a present .
 I wish I knew what was really in this variety . It does n't say much on the can . I toss this one in for a little variety , but it 's not his favorite . He loves the carved versions the best , but he tolerates this one as one of those I use for a little change of pace for my cat . He appreciates it some , I think , but seldom eats the entire can . But I really would like to know what it consists of so I know what he 's eating . The gravy sure looks nice and the pieces are a nice size as well - not too big so he can get it into his small mouth .
 These brushes are soft but do a very good job of cleaning your filters.I find they work the best on those long hoses on Rena canister filters.I have 3 fish tanks 100 gal reef , 33 gal with Blood parrots , and 40 gal neon tetra tank.All have Rena canister filters.And hoses always get pluged up these brushes make my job 100 % easer.I recommed them greatly.I have had tanks going on 20 years so have tryed alot of diffrent brushes.Very gental on those impellers.Thanks
 got this to clean tubes of the filters in my aquariums . they work great . glad there is 3 different sizes to accommodate different tubes . have owned other brands of brushes where the bristles just fell out -- i have not had that problem with these .
 This is the best little cleaning tool for my fish tank . It is able to get into all of the little nooks and crannies . The brushes are well made and bendable .
 This is my cat 's favorite one . He just licks that bowl clean whenever he gets it . I usually buy a case of this one at a time and judging from how often it sells out , other cats must love it too . The cheese hunks are large and look quite tasty . It 's just a very nice variety and something I 'm sure every cat loves . My previous cat about ran me down whenever I got it out to give to him and my current cat is no different . Give this one a try - you 'll be glad you did !
 My cat is so picky ! I 've tried every brand and flavor and this is my cat 's favorite .
 I purchased this FF Chunky Chicken along with the Chunky Turkey because these are the only two flavors my cats will eat ! The price was good on both ` feasts , ' so I purchased them together . The markets here do not carry the FF Chunky Turkey , but the Chunky Chicken is available . I could not see purchasing one without the other since the savings was considerable , as well as the FREE SHIPPING ! Thanks Amazon !!! I will be back to purchase these products again soon !!!
 My puppy had frequent accidents over a year . I tried other products , but no one worked like this one . My carpet is almost odor free , however , I needed a gallon to make the product work . But given the time my carpet has been under attack , this product is worth 5 stars
 My cat LOVES Fancy Feast cat food ; and this variety pack in particular makes mealtime a veritable newsworthy event ! He always eats it down and he loves it ; I can tell.You get eight cans of Ocean Whitefish & Tuna Feast ; eight more cans of Savory Salmon Feast with Cod and eight more cans still of Sole & Shrimp Feast . Very good!The food does have some nutritional content ; I always look for that when I buy food for the cat . There 's some vitamin E , A , D3 , B12 , and B1 . I like that . Naturally , ask your vet if you have any concerns about your cat 's personal individual needs for nutritional content in their daily diet.If you catch a sale on this , stock up ! However , I would use these cans of food within six months of buying them.Overall , this is one of the better brands of cat food out there ; and I recommend it . Your cat will love it and it has nutritional content which is great for them , too .
 These Fancy Feast Variety Packs , which contain twenty-four cans , always ensure that you have a good supply of cat food on hand . I also do not have to waste my time stacking individual cans . I always have a box of this one , the Gourmet Variety Pack , which is fish and seafood based , on hand . It contains eight cans each of ground ocean whitefish and tuna , salmon and cod , as well as sole and shrimp.I also always have on hand the Fancy Feast Sliced Variety Pack , which contains eight cans each of beef , chicken hearts and livers , and turkey . In addition , I also have a box of the Fancy Feast Grilled Variety Pack on hand , at all times , which contains eight cans each of grilled beef , turkey , and chicken , each in their own savory sauce . My cat , Mamushka , loves them all .
 According to my cat , this stuff is just great . He just licks himself for hours after eating this one and just loves the taste . He will lick the bowl clean on this one and eats it usually pretty quickly . But , he still does n't want it more than 2-3 times a month because it 's fish - not exactly his favorite food . It 's a great diversion from his regular fare and one that he truly appreciates .
 At 60 years old I have had the care of cats my entire life . Presently have four cats , three of which were `` barn cats '' and one came out of the woods and adopted us . These cats love and gobble up Friskies Pate varieties `` Mariner 's Catch '' , `` Sea Captain 's Choice '' and `` Ocean Whitefish with Tuna '' . I also serve as a `` foster parent '' for the local pet shelter and find that these 3 varieties of food are the best tolerated and completely consumed of all varieties . The `` Salmon '' pate is very rich and I use it only as a special treat . Incidentally , my cats always reach great age on Friskies . Our cat `` Kitten '' died at 23 years old . She jumped off of a high bed and severely injured her spine and at the time it happened the Vet asked what food we used all of those years . It has always been Friskies ... dry and wet pet foods . I find it is the best value and maintains our pet 's good health right to the end . The youngest cat that has died in our care was 18 years old and I have have had 28 cats as permanent pets , and countless foster pets over the years .
 Of course , nobody can ever figure out what cats will like , but our experience is the opposite of the one-star review.Our two Bengal cats ate kibble for years , but after some serious teeth problems , they had to switch to canned food . We tried a few different brands and flavors . They 'd eat it for a few days , then turn up their noses . Even expensive food from the vet 's did not please them.So , we tried the Friskies Sea Captains Choice flavor , and they went nuts , gobbling it down like candy . We only bought a few cans at a time , figuring they would tire of it , but no , they have been eating it with gusto for a coupe of months now , so we buy it by the case.I do n't understand about it not smelling good ; perhaps they got a bad batch , but it smells like other cat foods to us , and the pate is easy to dish out . As long as the cats love it , who are we to complain ?
 This is my cat 's third favorite food . It 's great stuff - the gravy is so very thick and the food looks like bits of steak slicked off for your friend . My cat licks the bowl clean every time and wants more . They should send me discounts for as much of this stuff I buy . I buy it by the case if that gives you some idea !
 This version is ground . NOt my current cat 's favorite version , but he really likes the taste . I do wish they 'd make this one not ground but in the pieces variety too . My previous cat really liked this one and usually licked the bowl clean . But , neither wanted it more than once or twice a month . Why , I do n't know but it seems to be a little richer than the others .
 My cat LOVES Fancy Feast cat food ; and this variety pack in particular makes mealtime a veritable newsworthy event ! He always eats it down and he loves it ; I can tell.You get eight cans of Sliced Chicken Hearts & Liver Feast ; eight more cans of Sliced Turkey Feast with Cod and eight more cans still of Sliced Beef Feast . They also come with gravy flavoring -- very good!The food does have some nutritional content ; I always look for that when I buy food for the cat . There 's some vitamin E , A , D3 , B12 , and B1 . I like that . Naturally , ask your vet if you have any concerns about your cat 's personal individual needs for nutritional content in their daily diet.If you catch a sale on this , stock up ! However , I would use these cans of food within six months of buying them.Fancy Feast is one of the better brands of cat food out there ; and I recommend it . Your cat will love it and it has nutritional content which is great for them , too .
 You can get 36-packs of this stuff at S-am 's Club for less than 14 dollars . They come in fish packs -LRB- 3 different kinds * 12 cans each -RRB- or meat -LRB- also 3 kinds * 12 cans -RRB-
 This stuff is really nice to have around as a `` special treat '' for your cat , but I would n't introduce it as a regular daily diet or you may wind up in the poor house . It 's pricey and the cans are very small , but if you want to spoil your cat for his birthday , holidays , etc. , then they 're great for that . My cat does n't really care for most of them - he prefers the chicken hearts and livers the most , but could care less if he has it or not . I buy these occasionally , but it really is n't worth it too much for me to do so because he just does n't care that much about the taste . It does n't drive him to his dish and actually , he leaves a lot of it there and just wants his regular old Friskies . I have a Persian too , just like the commercial , but mine does n't really like it !
 These Fancy Feast Variety Packs , which contain twenty-four cans , always ensure that you have a good supply of cat food on hand . I also do not have to waste my time stacking individual cans . I always have a box of this one , the Sliced Variety Pack , which contains eight cans of each of beef , chicken hearts and livers , and turkey.I also always have on hand the Fancy Feast Gourmet Variety Pack , which contains eight cans each of ocean whitefish and tuna , salmon with cod , and a sole and shrimp combo . In addition , I also have a box of the Fancy Feast Grilled Variety Pack on hand , at all times , which contains eight cans each of grilled beef , turkey , and chicken , each in their own savory sauce . My cat , Mamushka , loves them all . Every morning , she meows , until I serve her her Fancy Feast , which she then proceeds to devour .
 Innova EVO Cat & Kitten Food Dry -LRB- 15.4-lb bag -RRB- NOT AS GOOD AS FANCY FEAST
 I liked this product but I gave it four stars because I find I getawesome results by using Oxi Clean laundry and stain remover in the spray bottle.This product does work.I have since removed all the carpeting from my home because my Yorkie isnaughty and loves carpets and rugs ... we changed to wood.But while this product does work I would try the Oxi Clean first , I found it tobe very good .
 I bought this product as a last resort for a couch that had 6 month-old cat stains on it and had been sitting in our garage after numerous failed cleaning attempts . After following the directions , and applying a second time to the heavier stained areas , the smell was nearly gone after waiting one weekend for the cleaner to do its work ! I was amazed . Now this old couch has new life thanks to this product and can be used again . THANK YOU !!!
 After breeding and raising dogs for years , I have tried everystain/odour remover available . I came across this product , and , as usual decided to try it.To my total amazement it worked ! Old stains , new stains , and after a day or so of airing out , the house had no dog odour.And the U.V. light works great for finding those hard to see stains.Highly recommended !
 The product works as described . It removes stains and odors . The 500 ml bottle is good for touching up your carpet if you keep up with your pet . If you have several spots to clean you better get the bigger bottle . The 500ml bottle is used up very quickly since you have to complete saturate the carpet and the pad below . I cleaned up 3 spots with the bottle .
 I 've bought everything on the market -LRB- including recipes I found -RRB- to get the smell of urine from my cat and puppy out of our carpet . My best friend is a Vet and recommended this product . I bought it and was AMAZED how well it really does work . The best thing is that the cat stregnth is stronger and thicker and I use it on both dog and cat urine . I HIGHLY recommend this product .
 It 's kind of hard to tell if it works because some dogs are just conditioned to keep peeing in the same place . Might need to focus more on training the dog .
 Our dog had an accident on our brand new carpet , used this and covered the area with plastic like the instructions say , and now even with my nose inches from the spot I can not smell any urine ! Does exaclty what it says it will . I bought this at a local store and paid 3x as much .
 I bought this product in hopes it would remove dog urine out of a hard wood floor . I sprayed the floor and put a piece of plastic over the area as directions stated . The next day i cleaned the area with murphy 's oil soap . When the floor dried the urine was gone . The swelling of the wood was gone . This product works !!!
 Did the job well and really did remove the odor . Had to re-apply several times in some areas because they were heavily soiled but eventually cleaned the stains .
 do n't order from this amazon partner if you live overseas at a military installation with an apo address
 This flavor of Fancy Feast is decidedly the favorite of our waif of a cat . She is usually a very picky eater , but this trout flavor really gets her excited.The local store ran out of this flavor and may not restock it , so I ordered online . We got a good price and the case of food arrived in good condition.I was a little confused by the old label image that was on the web site that is just different enough from the new label that I had to double check that I was getting the item that I was expecting.It turned out to be the correct item , so all was well .
 I think 9 Lives does a better job on this variety than Friskies . Or I should say my cat does . Friskies does n't look as fresh or as appetizing as 9 Lives , and my cat does n't like it as well . It just smells nasty and looks not quite as good as the 9 Lives . I think they could definitely do better on this variety - maybe even add cheese to it ! My cat leaves this one in the dish but eats the 9 Lives version .
 This is another favorite in our house . My cat does n't want it more than 4 times a month or so , but he still wants it and licks the bowl clean . It is fish , not his favorite , but he really likes his salmon and this one is outstanding . It 's ground -LRB- why do n't they make a sliced or bits version ? -RRB- , not his favorite either , but he does get it down pretty quickly . Try this one - it 's a definite winner .
 This is the only food my cat will eat . If I buy another variety or brand , it sits in her bowl until it gets stale & I throw it out .
 This one is a great basic food . Whatever is in it , cats really go for and mine is no exception . My current cat really does n't like the ground variety which is what this is . He will eat it occasionally , so I only buy it about twice a year . My previous cat had to have it more often and really enjoyed it . It 's hard to judge what a cat will eat so if your cat likes ground , give this one a go because it really seems to be a big favorite .
 Very fast delivery and the price was great . I 'll be ordering it again
 WOW ... This stuff works really good though I only have a small slider . Before I started using this stuff the tank would stink out the entire room . I use a whisper filter and would rinse is every week and change it every other week and it just was n't doing the job.Since I started using this stuff , I add half a cap to the water -LRB- based on the amount of water in the tank -RRB- , I rinse my filter every week and change it once a month and the water stays crystal clear and fairly order-free .
 I have 2 red eared sliders and this product works great . The tank tends to get dirtier quicker because I have more than one . It gets rid of the smell and even some of the grime in the tank . It makes cleaning easier and makes keeping them more hygenic for those people worried about salmonella . One of the leading causes of Salmonella is a dirty habitat.Hagen Bio Care Turtle Cleanis a MUST HAVE as a helper to the filter .
 This product reduces the smell and sludge in my turtles water so quickly . I use it with every water change . I only recieved one of the two bottles I ordered though and did n't know how to deal with this .
 I received the food very quickly and the price was great .
 I have tried going back and forth between cat foods for my kitten , who is almost 1 year old and close to switching to adult food . All around , this is the best one I 've tried . I mix it with a wet food to make it a little more easily digestible , but even with this , my cat wo n't eat a lot of other brands , even the more expensive ones . I guess she 's a picky eater . She always chows down on Purina , though , and I also do n't have any problems with extreme litter box smells , as I did when experimenting with one other brand . Yikes !
 I must agree with the first reviewer , as I 've never once seen any feline of any age show anything less than enthusiasm for Purina Kitten Chow . I purchase at least one on these seven pound bags per month , although my youngest are now approaching one year of age . Many people -LRB- myself included -RRB- avoid commercial cat foods , but I 've had some truly great results with Kitten Chow over the years.I do n't think of Kitten Chow as `` for kittens only '' . No doubt there are people who will disagree , but I 've observed the benefits of feeding to older cats or kittens who are either malnourished , recuperating from a surgical procedure or are outdoor , feral cats who refuse to allow humans to touch them . This is what I bought and fed a young female cat who arrived on my front porch last winter , cold , starving and frightened . . and , as I realized about a month later , when she 'd gained weight and bone mass , very pregnant . Initially , I had n't expected this cat to survive , but she thrived.Then I feared that if she succeeded in giving birth to a litter , her kittens might be weak and have a less than optimal chance for growing to adulthood . Wrong again ! She got through the birth like a champion and each of her four kittens are healthy and happy -LRB- all , including the Mom cat have been spayed or neutered -RRB- . Her diet and then theirs , until they were weaned
 My cats just love this kitten food . It does n't upset their bellies and has all of the nutrition they need for a good price .
 This is the best food to my knowledge you can get for your growing kittens . It 's best to feed it to them until they are one year old . Because , they are still growing until that age . This is the right food to feed a pregnant and nursing cat that will need more nutrition for the kittens . All my kittens I had loved this food .
 I 've been trying to find some indestructible toys for my two labs - this one has done the trick so far . We put in food morsels and they really have to chew and work on it to get the food out . The large size would have been more appropriate for my 70 lbs dogs , but this one is still okay . Very hard rubber and the squirrel does n't have limbs so they ca n't be torn off and eaten . Perfect for dogs who are rough chewers ! Will be buying other busy buddy toys from Premier .
 I have German Shepherds and have used these Purple Squirrel for years ! I love regular kongs for the younger puppies but they are way too easy for my older dogs to get the treats from . These squirrels are made from the same type of tough rubber but made to be more of a challenge . The larger ones can fit more than 1/2 cup of their kibble so I can even give them part of a meal in the squirrel . To make it even more user friendly you can cut one or more of the flaps covering the hole if your dog is n't getting it ... . but then make sure you buy some more later on !
 Our Lab , Roxie , loves her Premier Squirrel Dude Dog Toy , Large . It 's a little larger then large Kongs , but it seems to last longer . We stuff the squirrel with large edible items like carrots and pieces of Knubz -LRB- a soft chewable treat -RRB- . She 'll spend an hour chewing and dropping the squirrel . She 's learned that sometimes she can jar a treat out of it when she drops it . We 're happy Roxie is chewing the squirrel instead things she should n't . We recommend the spuirrel .
 My beagle loves this toy . I was looking for something sturdy that would challenge her . Since she is food motivated and does n't like other toys I had high hopes for the squirrel buddy . I put her kibbles and other treats in it . While she has chewed on it it is still in great shape . I am very happy with Rosie 's `` buddy '' and so is she .
 Been looking all over for a strong toy that gives treats.So far most have been either too hard to dispense treats or too easy to destroy.All my dogs love the squirrel ! From the little 5lb guy to the big 90lb pitbull baby.Gotta play around and see what works as far as treats . Depends on the dog strength.All around great and durable .
 Squirrel Dude is entertaining for our weimaraner for short periods of time under supervision . He loves chasing it while its dropping treats but after it 's empty he tries to destroy it.It 's easy for him to grab the tabs that inhibit his treats from dropping out and tearing them off.In all fairness Hirsch is an extreme chewer . For a regular dog I 'd give it 5 stars .
 We bought two the large for our 100 lb lab and the small for our 12 lb pug they both love them .
 I stuffed it with pieces of freeze-dried duck . It took him a couple of hours to get most of them out before he gave up from exhaustion . No damage to the squirrel , so I 'm happy.My dog is a 45 lb . Chinook/American Staff mix who is a very strong chewer . He damaged the Premier Pet Football Dog Toy , Medium in the first use -LRB- within 30 minutes -RRB- . I had to toss it out . This is much better so far ... we 'll see how it hold up.I ran this through the dishwasher before using it - strong rubber smell out of the box .
 My one-year-old beastie really loves his squirrel dude and chews on it and plays with it every day . Both of my dogs figured out how to get the food out of it in a few minutes , but they have done that with all of their food dispensing toys . They like to throw it in the air and chase it while it bounces in different directions . They love toys but destroy most of them , and I ca n't count how many $ 15 or $ 20 toys they have reduced to bits in less than five minutes . Squirrel dude is a survivor !!!
 I have a very destructive chewer ... sharp teeth and very strong neck muscles ! This is the 2nd squirrel I have bought . The 1st was a medium and is still in good shape . We feed at least one meal per day with a portion in the Squirrel . It slows him down and gives the mental stimulation he needs . This is one of only a very few items I will leave him unsupervised with . The squirrel also is used as a chew toy when it is empty . The medium was adequate , but I think the large is better for my dog . He is a shepherd mix approx . 50 lbs . BEST purchase we have made for this dog .
 Things We Like : - Strong & durable build material-The `` legs '' found in the hole in the bottom keep the treats from coming out while giving the dog a chance to see and feel the treat-Affordable price tag-Holds plenty of rewards to keep your dog occupied for several hours-One of the best treat concealing dog toys madeThings We Dislike : - One color choice only-Won ' t interest a non food-motivated dog-Some online reviewers have complained about a smell coming from the toy 's material -LRB- we have not noticed any odor on our product -RRB- Overall Recommendation : I would suggest this toy for any prospective buyers especially if their dog is a major chewer . The build quality and material surpasses any of its competitions including the Kong brand toys . It keeps our dog satisfied and gives them a task when the toy is filled with treats . I have seen some negative reviews on the web say that the toy is too hard to get any treats out of it . This is clearly not the case as our dogs have had no trouble getting any sort of reward that we have stuffed up there . The `` legs '' do give it more of a challenge than the traditional Kong competitors , but if anything we believe this is a benefit since it keeps your dog occupied longer and works its mind in a greater depth . We would have to state that this is the best treat concealing dog toy we have ever tested and we would recommend it over the competing Kong products.For pictures of this product in use check out
 I was looking for an alternate to the Kong toy because my miniature daschund can get the treats out of the kong very fast and then becomes bored quickly . This toy holds the treats in A LOT better since it has the tabs on the inside . However , the material is n't as durable as the kong . My dog has almost detached the tail and with the kong he does n't even have teeth marks in it . I give it 4 starts just because of the material , I love this toy , but wish it was a little more indestructable .
 Great for hiding treats ... Premier Squirrel Dude Dog Toy , Small ... we have a yorkie poodle and a havanese poodle ... just te right size for them at six and twelve pounds .
 good for treats , very durable . My pup loves it and it entertains her for a long time . Better than eating the furniture .
 Our big baby -LRB- 85lb Labradoodle -RRB- has a tendency to get bored in the evenings when we get home if we do n't give him enough attention . This can be especially annoying when it 's dinner time . Fortunately , we just load up a few treats and dog food into the squirrel and he 's good to go for a little while until we can give him the attention he needs . We ordered the large for him and it 's just big enough and just hard enough to keep him interested . We 're on our second squirrel because we were n't careful with the first and Samson took it off somewhere never to be seen again . We 're being a little more careful with this one and making sure that he does n't take it outside .
 My dog likes this toy . Just be aware that if the dog throws it around you can end up with bits of food underneath your furniture .
 My dogs have use these before . They are great for giving a dog something to do . They chew on them for an hour or more .
 This toy is great for buying some time - you stuff it with SMALL things , bits of fruit , cheese or kibble , and the dog takes forever to empty it out . Add a little plug of peanut butter in the hole and you have bought lots of time . This is because the dude has little rubbery fingers at the mouth of the hole , which keep the food in and make it harder to get the food out . You can snip them as much or as little as you like to adjust the difficulty level . The Kong toy does not have these little rubber stoppers - you have to use big pieces and whole biscuits , or shove an ice cube in the hole to keep the treats from dumping on the floor immediately . This toy is not meant as a chew toy , so once the treats are gone you have to take it away if your dog is a chewer . -LRB- Maybe the Extreme Kong would work better for those dogs . -RRB- I have used both this large size and the medium size and both are great with my 85 pound destructo Lab .
 This is the perfect size for the Fromm 's dry kibble I use to distract my basenji when we 're at the table ourselves . She tosses it into the air and scrambles for the kibble , which keeps her busy long enough that we can eat in peace . She loves this toy so much that when I ask , &#34; Where 's your squirrel ? &#34; , she runs into whatever room she left it and bats it with her paw to be sure I 've seen it .
 I have tried many different work-to-eat toys with our dog , and this one is by far the best . The best feature is that the hole is n't too large , so the treats do n't all dump out at once . The other thing I love about it is that it has little rubber teeth ON THE INSIDE which hold the treats in . Other toys I tried with those little Y-shaped openings , Lily just chewed the rubber tabs off immediately leaving a huge hole . These she ca n't get to , which is genius . Another issue I have had with other toys is that they are incredibly noisy . This one is not , which is a huge plus . My only suggestion to people looking to buy this toy is buy a larger size than you think you need ; we have the medium one , and Lily is constantly chasing it under the couch and we are always having to retrieve it for her . The next one I buy will be a larger size so it does n't get lost as easily .
 We 've had this for about a month now and it just has little teeth marks but no major damage . This is a really durable toy . It 's been loved on by our three dogs , all of which have destroyed countless toys . I keep it filled with their kibble and they just love it . I had to cut the little bumpers some before any food would fall , like directed . I 'd definitely recommend this toy over a Kong or Rhino bone -LRB- as both have been destroyed in our house -RRB- . Even if you do n't fill it with food , its a great toy . And it smells nice too . ** EDIT
 This is a great toy for the heavy chewer . This is one of the few toys holding up to my dogs chewing plus he loves it
 My lab mix can empty a kong in seconds if it is just dry food , even mixed with something sticky . So I thought I would try something else.At first , he was not a fan -- barked cause he did n't know how to get food out . I snipped two of the prongs at the bottom and now he loves it.However , now that he is a pro at two prongs -- I want the prongs back ! = -RRB- With prongs , you ca n't really freeze or put gunk in it -LRB- cause good luck trying to clean it ! -RRB- but without prongs it is basically just a kong.Downside
 A most have for heavy chewers . My dog is a one-dog wrecking crew for most toys so I must be very selective about them being extremely durable .
 We 've had this for about six months or so and both of my super power chewers , a Lab mix puppy and an adult German Shepherd both love it . They have a tough time getting the treats out so it keeps them busy far longer than any other treat toy that we 've tried . It 's also the only toy that has shown no damage in all the time we 've had it . Toys typically last 5 mins to max a week in our house , and do n't keep them busy for long . The only downside is that because it is harder for them to get treats out , they tend to get bored or frustrated and give up after a while unless there 's something extra special in there . Overall it 's one of the best `` busy '' toys if you want to keep your pups occupied for any length of time and it 's very durable .
 I have a 100 # Lab mix who is a very aggressive chewer . He ca n't get enough of his Kongs , but as most dog owners know , plain treats spill out of a Kong in a hurry -LRB- peanut butter or spray cheese added and then placed in the freezer overnight is one great way to avoid this problem ! -RRB- . So one day I picked up a Squirrel Dude and was intrigued by the little `` fingers '' that partially cover the opening of the hole ; I took it home and put a few beggin ' strips inside ... my dog has been in heaven ever since ! He repeatedly tosses his `` Purple Guy '' up in the air , and as it lands on the ground with a thump , he runs after the treat chunks that have fallen out . I do n't know who is more entertained by this toy , me or the dog -- kudos to Premier and another great invention !
 Our Cairn loves this toy . It keeps him from woofing his kibble down too fast . Easy to clean and fill .
 The &#34; DUDE &#34; is the best toy for my dogs . Its one of the few that they have not destroyed . I got the small for my border collie when she was young and I have 4 medium dudes . There are 4 prongs at the opening which keeps the treats from falling out - so for my dogs that makes the toy better than the Kong .
 My wife and I love this kong . Are puggle eats food very quickly , so we usually pack his kibble in this kong , then top it off with a small dab of peanut butter . It takes him 10 to 15 minutes to finish his dinner now , instead of 30 seconds . Unlike all of the other kongs I 've seen at the local pet stores , this kong has four small rubber teeth that block the whole . This way , the dog has to work to flip the kong around , which takes longer and keeps him from eating so quickly . Our boy has figured out one of the best ways to get the food out is to carry the cong to the top of the stairs , send it down , then collect all the kibble that 's spilled out.Note that this size kong can fit a little more than a 1/2 cup of kibble , but you may need to make sure that the kibble bits you 're using are the right size . Too big and they 'll likely get stuck inside . It 's also a bit of a pain to load , but the things we do for our loved ones ...
 My 1yr old pitbull , Bella loves this toy ! She plays with it everyday , and has not chewed holes into it ! I highly recommend this toy , just use bigger treats than the Buddy Berries , but not too big otherwise your dog wo n't be able to get the treat out . It works best with something that falls out eventually , rather than pour out .
 We feed our Goldendoodle puppy part of her dry kibble meals using the squirrel dude . It slows down her consumption time & keeps her busy . Would highly recommend this product .
 This is a great toy and very durable ! I put her food in there , treats , or dental sticks ! She loves anything that I put in here . She carries it around , throws it to get food out ... keeps her entertained for a while . For the price , its better than Kong .
 I have bought my dog almost every busy buddy toy . This is by far her favorite . She has a technique of -LRB- chew , chew , stand up on end and pound , repeat -RRB- . I 'm impressed every time I see it . These toys definitely improve the quality of life for my dog - keeps her engaged when I ca n't . It has also done a good job of directing her chewing towards an acceptable outlet .
 Our dog loves this toy . I think it might not hold up to a really intense chewer , but for our 20 pound poodle , it 's ideal . It 's harder to get things out of than a Kong and provides him with hours of entertainment . We stuff it with chicken jerky and he works hard to get it out .
 I bought this for a dog I babysit who is a heavy chewer and to my surprise she has yet to chew this up . She is still interested in getting at the treats hidden inside so I highly recommend this to anyone with a heavy chewing dog that gets bored after a while . Great product .
 This is a very tough chew toy . My dog loves it . I fill it in the morning before I go to work and he goes around and tosses it on the floor so he can get the treats out . I have had him destroy other types but not this one !
 squirrel dude is made very strong . we have a white lab and he ruins all his toys . squirrel dude held up to him and it kept him busy for a long time . great product !
 I started buying these for my black lab four years ago and they are so much a part of her life now that if she ca n't find her Squirrel Dude she becomes visibly depressed . She does chew one up every couple of months but when I used to buy her Kongs she chewed them up in about the same amount of time .
 It took a while for my dog to realise he had to throw it around a bit rather than gently nudging it with his nose . Now he gets that and absolutely loves it . Made out of solid rubber it has -LRB- so far -RRB- withstood his teething phase . Toys like this are also great to cure boredom .
 My dog just loves her squirrel dude ! She gets bored during the day while I 'm at work and this keeps her from chewing up random stuff around the house . She can tell when it has treats in it because when she rolls it around it makes a rattling noise . Although she 'll play with it even after its empty . This treat dispensing toy is so much better than the round plastic balls , this one does n't get stuck under stuff as much .
 I bought two of these one for my italian greyhound and one for my lab mix . This is one of the few toys that keep both of them occupied for a long time . I put regular size dog bones in these amongst other treats in and they do not fall out easily like in the kongs . My mix aggressively chews and she has not been able to rip this one apart ! Very worth the few dollars these cost .
 We have a 1.5 year old JRT . She absolutely loves this toy . The best thing about it are the little prongs inside the inner hole . They make it difficult for treats to come out . She has to work to get the treats out , and it keeps her busy for hours on end . We 've purchased other toys ; IMHO , this one is hands-down awesome . She throws it up and it wobbles across the floor . It 's a bit noisy , but that 's alright with us . Sometimes , a treat falls out ; usually , however , it does n't . That really gets her motor revved up ! ; -RRB-
 When I first adopted my dogs from the shelter a couple years ago , I spent a while perusing dog toy reviews to find ones that would 1 -RRB- last a long time - my dogs are big time chewers , 2 -RRB- helped them pass time and occupy them when I 'm at work - they spend more time than I 'd like in their crates , and 3 -RRB- is easy to clean . These squirrels -LRB- I bought two -RRB- were everything I could hope for and more ! I followed the advice of other reviewers and just barely cut the tips off of the plastic nubs to make it a little easier to have food come out . If I ever replace these squirrels -LRB- not any time soon -RRB- I will probably leave the nubs as is because my dogs have become experts at getting treats out . I stuff the squirrels with several small training treats and one large marrowbone cookie that perfectly fits in the entrance of the squirrel . My pups will spend hours manipulating the toys to get the treats out - either by throwing the treats on the ground , bouncing them off the wall or side of their crates , bringing them to my husband or I to throw them -LRB- not sure if they want to play fetch or they think our throws will help release more treats -RRB- , or by laying there and trying to lick the treats out with their tongues -LRB- I added a picture of one of my crazy dogs doing just that . I 'll usually fill these with 7 or 8 training treats and one marrowbone cookie in the morning and when I come home there are still a couple treats left . Once empty , my dogs have taken to just chewing the squirrels like chew toys . They are heavy duty plastic and easy to hand-wash or throw in the dishwasher . Lots of toys have come and go -LRB- especially those fuzzy squeaker toys that do n't last more than a week -RRB- but I can see these sticking around forever !
 Really great buy for my lab mix . He is a very smart dog and usually can get treats out of treat dispensing toys in a matter of minutes . However with this toy he really has to work , and keeps him entertained . The opening size is also customizable if your pet needs a little help getting the treats out , so they do n't get frustrated and give up . The material is really durable , it has teeth marks in it , but no rips or tears . Highly recommended .
 I have a 80 LB labradoodle who is a strong chewer . He has destroyed lots of dog toys including the classic extra strong Kong toy and other `` strong chewer '' toys . This was recommended by a dog trainer to keep him busy when we leave for work , he has separation anxiety . We cut up pieces of a hot dog and stick in the squirrel dude , the `` fingers '' at the opening keep the pieces from just falling out . It typically takes our dog about 4 hours to get all of the hot dog pieces out , by which time he is no longer concerned that we even left . The Squirrel Dude has held up to all of his chewing . He loves to play fetch with it and since it bounces in all types of directions it is extra fun for us and him . The only con I have for it is it needs a homing beacon or something . -LRB- Impractical yes but would be nice -RRB- My dog has now hid the second one in two years in the nearby woods .
 This little toy is a must in our home ! We have two of them , in orange , purchased at Academy for about $ 9 each.Treats stay in with the help of sturdy flaps so your pup of any age is going to work hard to get them . Our pup is three now and has still not tired of her squirrel ! Sometimes we put a portion of her breakfast in it and she 'll carry it around all day . We throw it for her when we go outside and she loves to give chase as it bounces away like the real thing , sometimes giving her the added benefit of flying treats!In my opinion , this is a well thought-out toy that your dog is sure to love !
 Never got to put treats in it , tossed it in my Cane Corso 's kennel for her just to play with , believe she buried , because we have ` nt seen it since about the third day of use .
 My dog does n't really have any interest in playing with this toy so I have been able to find a great alternative use for this toy . I use it at feeding time since it I awkward for her to pick up I place it on top of her food in a bowl that is only slightly larger in diameter than the squirrel . It slows down her eating while making it more of a challenge to dig under for the rest of the goods . Gives me peace of mind that the risk of bloat is reduced and it is keeping her mind active . Win-win ! And of course - freezing the toy after filling the end with peanut butter is always a special treat .
 Easy to fill and the dogs will play with it to get the goodies . They got the idea pretty quickly that you have to roll it around to get anything .
 I 'm a professional dog walker and sitter . I got this to bring to clients ' homes when their dog needs a good project to work on while I 'm caring for them . So far , I have n't met a dog who did n't enjoy this - little and medium dogs . I 've seen it keep a dog occupied for 30 + minutes . I tell all my clients to get one for their pup.Tip
 I load this up with my dogs dry food and she chases it all around the kitchen trying to get the food out . This is the perfect item for those dogs that love to eat their food too quickly . It slows them down and lets their digestive system get a rest . The opening for the food to go in has rubber &#34; teeth &#34; that you can cut to size for your particular size of food . I also love that it is easy to wash & dries quickly . I just wish this thing were a bit bigger . it only holds about 1/2 cup of food at a time so I 'm constantly refilling it .
 This is a total win-win for owner and pet . We have a lab mix and a Staffordshire Terrier who race though a meal in seconds , swallowing their entire meal in about one gulp . We invested in expensive dishes with slots , that did not slow them down . Now we use toys to feed them their 1 cup meals of Acana/Champion Wildprairie dried food -LRB- a medium size chunk -RRB- 2 times a day . This toy is the favorite of the terrier . He loves the process of flipping it up in the air and finding the food falling out . It 's the funnest experience watching him dance with the squirrel . The center holds almost 1 full cup of dry food . The food delivers at about the right rate , faster at the beginning and getting more challenging as the squirrel empties . This toy is washable and made of tough rubber . We have 7 different feeding toys , and this is a favorite . It satisfies the pups drive to forage for food . They are so much more satisfied with their meals now , and putting on weight with less expensive food needed to maintain nutrition . Supervise and train the pet on where to eat and how to eat . Always remove the toy once it is empty , to train the pet `` this is not a chew toy '' , and you will be very happy with the results .
 We got a medium size Squirrel dude a long time ago when my extreme chewer was just a pup . It held up better that both the regular and black kongs . When he finally killed it , I bought the large . He loves it . We stuff small bones inside and it takes him all day -LRB- if not longer -RRB- to get them out .
 Is a good product but my dog hates it . She will pick it up and play with it and when the food falls out she stops playing with it . It is solid and very durable .
 My dog is a 30 pound , 6 month old border collie mix , and she loves playing with this . Fill it up with the appropriate sized dog food , and it 'll keep her busy for 20-30 minutes . She loves to chew , but is not destructive with her toys so it should last a long time with her . Note that the dog food needs to be fairly small -LRB- about 1/4 '' pieces -RRB- , or it wo n't come back out during play . A dog with a stronger jaw may be able to crunch the food into smaller pieces so they will come out , but mine can not do this .
 I originally bought one of these , but I after it arrived I was forced to buy another as it quickly became a favorite for all three of my dogs to the point of them squabbling with eachother over it ! These things are wonderful ! I have a pitbull , a rhodesian ridgeback , and a boxer/shepard mix and these stand up to their chewing . It has been a couple weeks , and they are still intact . I stuff snausages up there and they are very hard for them to get out , but not impossible which keeps them occupied -LRB- but not frustrated -RRB- for a long time.If you want it to be easier , you can trim off the prongs , but I would rather make them work for it . Such a great purchase !
 We got this for our friends dog and the dog loved it . It chewed and chewed and had a blast with this thing for several hours . We have no idea how long it ultimately lasted though .
 I bought 2 of these , one for each of my shetland sheepdogs -LRB- shelties -RRB- . They 're 20 lbs and 28 lbs , so I got the Medium size for them . Perfect ! When I do feed them kibble , it 's grain free Canidae which are small kibbles , like 1/4 '' - 3/8 '' in size . The medium size Squirrel Dude holds a 1/4 cup kibble , and I set these down on the floor and the pups go at 'em . It 'll keep them busy for about 90 minutes , sometimes longer.I prefer this toy to the Kong because the Squirrel Dude has prongs to make it harder to get the kibble/treats out . I 'm happy , and it 's been 3 months with these squirrel dudes holding up to sheltie teeth just fine . If there are any longevity issues , I will update this review.I do n't remember a rubber or plastic smell to these toys when I got them , but if there was it did n't bother the shelties and the toys do n't smell anymore ... well , the toys smell like kibble and dog slobber , but they do n't smell like rubber or plastic . = -RRB-
 We began feeding our 10-week-old puppy his meals out of hollow toys such as these . He struggled to get the food out of the Squirrel at first , but at 12-weeks now , he is pro . Love that he has to work mentally and physically to get his food out and this teaches him to chew on toys rather than furniture , shoes , etc. . He should be able to use this size Squirrel even as he grows .
 We purchased this and the Buster Food Cube for our 10 month old wheaten terrier to help keep him occupied during the day while we are at work . We received the buster cube first , so once we got squirrel buddy he knew exactly what it was . It took a while to find appropriately sized treats for the Squirrel Dude as the small ones we had fell out too easily when he figured out that he could hold it upside down in his mouth and empty the whole thing onto the floor . We now use Charlee Bear treats -LRB- http://www.amazon.com/Charlee-Bear-Treats-Turkey-Cranberries/dp/B0019O5Z0Q/ref=sr_1_3?ie=UTF8&s=home-garden&qid=1296232567&sr=8-3-catcorr -RRB- which are disc shaped and much more difficult for him to extract with his cheater technique . He will work on the squirrel buddy for an entire day to extract a handful of treats . I definitely recommend this for active intelligent dogs who are food motivated . Be creative with the food you use inside to make it more or less challenging for your dog as needed . He needs to be rewarded enough that he will keep trying ! Squirrel buddy also resists heavy chewing as our dog chews right through Nylabones in a matter of days . Great toy for the price .
 This is one of the only chew toys that my english bulldog has not destroyed within a few days of getting it . He is a fairly aggressive chewer , and can destroy a nylon or cloth toy in less than 30 minutes . I would highly recommend for an aggressive chewer .
 Squirrel Dude provides hours of entertainment for our 18 month old golden . She is an incredible shredding machine who has destroyed many so-called indestructible toys , but Squirrel Dude has held up just fine . She carries it around and tosses and bounces it to get small kibble or cereal pieces out . We did not modify the tabs so it takes some effort to get the food out and there 's a random quality about when something comes out so she stays interested . She is quickly bored with her Kong ; a cookie is too hard to get out , and she can clear out peanut butter in under 2 minutes . With another Premier product , the Tug-a-Jug , she just ate the rope , so we are delighted to finally find a toy she likes and has n't destroyed .
 My Dachshund LOVES toys and is very food motivated . This toy is ideal for him as he is also normally very destructive with his toys . I put his fairly small kibble in this so its not too difficult to get out but enough challenge for it to be fun for him . Its also very amusing to watch him work on it .
 Her favorite toy of all time . With the interesting shape , it 's the only toy she 'll chew on as well as fetch . Otherwise she just keeps throwing her toy at us until we play . She loves her purple squirrel . My girlfriend even wants me to buy her one . No , not for her dog . She just thinks its cute .
 This is a good toy that our dog really likes . I think it stands a chance of actually lasting -LRB- he can chew through anything ! -RRB- . Unlike the Buster Cube , we can stand to be in the same room with him as he plays with it because it is n't loud as it bumps along the floors and furniture .
 The Large Squirrel Dude is perfect for my 11 mos . old Lab . He is very mouthy and he throws this around like a beach ball . Then he doubles back to make sure he did n't miss any of his kibble along the way ... It keeps him busy for a little bit and I no longer have to worry about him getting bloat from his 2 second inhale of his food if given in a bowl!I adjusted the length of the prongs by using a razor to selectively make them shorter ... I may have made them a little too short but before it took too long to bang a piece out and he got really frustrated and hit me with it constantly . I just love my boy ! Never a dull moment with him .
 I bought this for my 11 month old puppy . She loves it , she prances all over the house with it . I fill it with dog food in the am and take her into the bathroom with me while I get ready for work . Keeps her busy until it 's time for me to go.She chews on it while it 's empty , throws it around . Because of it 's shape it bounces in different directions . She likes to throw and then chase it.I do recommend this toy . It 's been a big hit with my pup .
 Bought this about a year ago , it is harder to get food out of due to the rubber bits at the entry , therefore creating more of a challenge to dogs who can get food out of the Kong with little problem . We put dry food in it like broken up milkbone and charliebear treats . It is very heavy duty rubber and I put it in the dishwasher for a clean every so often . Dont cut the rubber bits too short or the challenge will be gone and the food will fall out too easily .
 We left the prongs as-is and filled the toy with her regular kibble . She loves this toy , and will carry it around with her at times . Sometimes she tosses it around to get the kibble out , sometimes she lays down with it with licks/chews it . Our dog is pretty good at destroying toys , but this toy withstands the abuse . She did get it stuck behind furniture one day , and we could n't find it for days . I 'm buying a second one as a backup , just in case !
 I can only buy my dogs certain toys because they are fierce chewers . I usually only buy Kong or West Paw but took a chance on this brand and it paid off . My dogs love this toy and so far it has proven to be indestructible . If a toy is going to be ripped apart and ruined it usually happens within the first 10 minutes of them playing with it . We have had this toy for a couple of weeks and it shows no sign of damage .
 I rescue Dobermans and this happen to come with one of the Dobermans I was fostering . I had never seen this before then . This has been and amazing chew toy . It was old and well used when we got it and we still use it . We 're definitely going to buy a couple more of these . I especially like the fact that you can put treats in it that stay in there for a while . I have n't found a Kong that does that yet .
 The one toy my lab has managed not too destroy . She has managed to tear Kongs apart but not Squirrel Dude . I cut one of the tabs off to make the treats easier to get to .
 Basset hounds go from being happily lazy to being bored a few times a day . When ours starts foraging around the house for ways to get in trouble , I give her the Squirrel Dude with a handful of her daily kibble and 3-4 treats mixed in . I 've cut the tabs back so that something falls out about half the time that she tips it upright , and that seems to be just right - she 'll play with it and nose it around for about 15 minutes until she gets all the food out.I do n't own a Kong so I ca n't compare , but some notes on this toy : - It 's heavy . Our Basset is 55 pounds so we got a large . But she has a small mouth , so she ca n't really carry this around . That 's good - it means she lifts and drops it , or noses it around , or uses her paws to flip it up . - It 's hard plastic , so it 's loud on wood floors . The treats rattle around inside so she -LRB- and we -RRB- can easily tell when there 's something still there . - Our dog is n't a chewer , and she would have to really settle in to do some damage to this . We have another treat ball made of silicone that she likes chewing even after the food is gone , the StarMark Everlasting Treat Ball . - She is n't interested in playing with this toy once the food runs out , but that 's fine with us . -LRB- She plays with the StarMark even when it 's empty , throwing it and chasing it . -RRB- - We only use hard treats in this . The inside is inaccessible , so if something is stuck in there -LRB- like a treat that 's too large -RRB- , you need to stick your fingers in to get it out . Probably cleans up great with hot water in the sink or dishwasher , but we have n't needed to clean it yet.So far , this has been a great toy for our dog - she enjoys it , and we enjoy watching her work on it to get the treats out . Keeps her out of trouble at least until after the next nap !
 Better than the kongs for my clever girls -LRB- German Shepherds -RRB- because the rubber pieces over the hole make getting the treats out more of a challenge . I get the large size and can fit over 1/2 cup of their kibble in them so can actually give part of their meals in the Squirrels to give them a challenge but save on the calories . I love that I can put a mix of small soft treats PLUS quite large treats so have the challenge be easy and harder . HINT for new pups is that you can use scissors to cut part of the obstructing rubber pieces that are over the hole to help teach the dog what to do and make it easier . Though once they get it , you may have to buy a new one to up the challenge again !
 LOVE this toy , used kibbles that would not come out easily and our beagle plays with it for hours and then even when it is empty -LRB- I hate tricking him into thinking he can get a kibble out when it is empty - NOT -RRB- ! Our kibbles are larger than the opening so had a hard time cutting the little rubber `` prongs '' but finally was able to use a pair of pliers to grab onto to one at the `` root '' and stretch it out and cut with a pair of scissors - a two hand process . Highly recommended !
 Bought this for my two bostons , one is able to use it the other has no clue . Key is not to overload it .
 When I returned home from completing my Christmas shopping hubby asked me where I had hidden this toy for Kali 's Christmas present ... I told him that I had hidden it in the guest room with the door closed . It was at the bottom of a giant pile of full shopping bags in a bag of dog and grandchild toys . Apparently while I was out Kali opened the guest door and pulled that toy out from the bottom of the pile without disturbing the other items in the bags ! I would say that the smell must be most attractive to pups !
 This is a great toy for all dogs , that are busy getting into things.Good for brain stimulation !!
 In my estimation , the Premier Squirrel Dude is the best designed treat filled toy . The plastic is strong enough to withstand strong and extensive chewing and the hole which has three little teeth -LRB- that can be trimmed if necessary -RRB- keeps all kinds of kibble treats from just falling out . With other toys like this I had to resort to expensive fillers or high fat substances -LRB- like peanut butter -RRB- to keep our Jack Russell from emptying the toy too quickly .
 I got this squirrel dude for my 2 year old corgi , and we both LOVE it . My dog is a power chewer , extremely food motivated , and can clean out a frozen kong , buster cube , or tug-a-jug within 5 minutes flat . I was extremely skeptical about whether this product would keep him occupied much longer than that , but figured I 'd give it a try based on recommendations from friends . I 'm so happy I did - I 'm absolutely SHOCKED at how well the rubber nubs at the opening of the squirrel keep the food stuck inside . I fill it with kibble every night and on average it takes my dog about an hour to get it all out . The best part is it 's QUIET - a nice change from the buster cube which -LRB- although it 's another one of our favorites -RRB- is pretty noisy . With this , the only sounds I hear are a bunch of pig-like grunts from the dog trying to get at his kibble : -RRB- We 've had the squirrel dude for about two months and it still looks brand new . It 's one of the few toys I feel comfortable leaving out unsupervised . The only problem I 've had is that the design makes it hard to clean the inside by hand , but a toss in the dishwasher every now and then makes it come out squeaky clean . I 'd say it 's by far the best money I 've spent on a feeding device , I just wish I had bought it sooner !!
 I bought the squirrel dude for my year-old Weim . He tried it and ignored it for a while because he could n't get any food to come out . But after I filled it with treats -LRB- bigger lure than kibble -RRB- he figured out the combination of flipping , rolling , and spinning it will dispense the contents . Now he loves it and constantly wants to play with it , even if filled with kibble . The treats or kibble do need to be fairly small to make it past the prongs .
 I purchased in March , this item has not been destroyed yet . It 's May . I have 2 very agressive chewers . This item , in my opinion , rivals the Kong .
 I got this toy for my 10 month old lab/golden retriever mix pup because his heavy duty rubber kong genius was already starting to be destroyed after only a few months -LRB- part had been chewed through in the first day -RRB- . I have to say that I am very impressed on how this toy is holding up ! Very soon after bringing this home I realized that his dog food fit perfectly in this and since it has the little teeth holding the food in it does n't all fall out right away so it stimulates his brain since he has to figure out how to get the food out . Since bringing it home it is now his favorite toy all we have to do is tell him to `` go get your squirrel '' and he will go hunt it down and bring it to you . we have even realized that he will bring it to us to refill with food on his own and that he isnt really eating out of his bowl anymore he just wants his squirrel . he picks it up and repeatedly drops it on the ground so that the food will fall out . this toy it still in one piece even after 2-3months of him chewing on it and there are no chunks missing out of it either -LRB- he is a strong chewer -RRB- . if you are thinking about this and are not sure or your dog has a kong or has destroyed a kong i would recommend this since it is a bit heavier rubber and i believe it is a bit thicker too !
 My 17-week pup is not a terribly avid chewer ; he likes soft toys , but unfortunately also likes to chew the points off of them . -LRB- His AKC goose has been beakless since the second day . -RRB- However , this squirrel is fabulous . It 's soft enough that he enjoys the chew while he 's pursuing the treats , but because there are n't any points , there 's nothing for him to destroy . As a very young puppy , it was much easier for him to figure this out than some more complicated treat toys , like the Tug-A-Jug . He now empties it like a pro . The soft material makes more of a THUD than a CRACK when it hits the floor , which is nice.When he was smaller , we fed him EVO Turkey & Chicken Small Bites , and the Small Bites were just the right size to provide an easy reward without cutting back the tabs inside the squirrel . Now that he 's 40 pounds and eating regular-sized food , I 've had to cut the tabs back about halfway . Cutting back the tabs was quite a process . Regular scissors did n't work ; I ended up using the dog 's nail clippers . Arm yourself with patience!I will be back for a Large Squirrel Dude when the dog gets bigger .
 I have an extremely smart Sheltie who needs toys that challenge her problem-solving abilities . This toy , which I call her `` squirrel buddy , '' is her absolute favorite . It 's superior to Kong toys because the tabs over the hole prevent treats from coming out too quickly , so Daisy has to work at it . Sometimes she 'll play with this toy for an hour . She 's figured out that if she bounces it against a hard floor , it helps dislodge the treats at the bottom that she ca n't reach with her tongue . There 's enough room inside for both kibble and pieces of biscuits.This toy is virtually indestructible . Daisy has been playing with it almost every day for two years and the rubber shows no signs of wear . I 'm buying a new one only because a couple of the tabs have come off and toy is getting a little yucky after two years of being covered with dog saliva -LRB- I do wipe it off , but still ... -RRB- I highly recommend this toy ! A lot of other toys promise `` hours of fun , '' but this one really delivers !
 My dog -LRB- a mixed terrier -RRB- got a bit frustrated after a while and did frustrated whines that I have never heard from him ever ! So , I started cutting the rubber strips to make it easier bit by bit to get the right difficulty for my dog . Unfortunately , I went too far at one point , and woops ! it made it too easy . So , if you buy this - be careful with how much you cut off.Its still a bit more challenging than a kong though despite my mistake . So , I 'm happy overall .
 THIS IS GREAT PRODUCT , I HAVE BOUGHT SO MANY FOR MY DOG TO PLAY WITH AND HE RIPPED THEM TO SHREDS AND HE IS A PUUPPY . . SO I BOUGHT THIS AND HE LOVES IT IT DISPENSES TREATS ON THE BOTTOM WHEN HE CAN GET THEM . . AND IT SO STERN THAT HE CANT EVEN PUT A DENT IN IT IT BOUNCES AROUND AND WILL NO BUDGE OR BREAK WITH HIS SHARP TEETH . . ITS VERY DURABLE . . ITS GREAT FOR ALL DOGS WHO LIKE TO CHEW AND DESTROY . . THIS WILL KEEP THEM BUSY FOR HOURS STICK SOME SMMALL TRAETS IN AND THEY WILL PLAY WITH THIS NAD THE TREATS WILL DISPENSE FROM THE BOTTOM . . BUY IT !! I LOVE IT !! AND SO DOES PRINCE !!
 I 'm giving this 4 stars because I do n't really know how it is holding up . I purchased for my friend 's yellow lab . She texted me that he absolutly loves it , but that is all I 've heard . I 'll update further once I get more details .
 We 're not particularly crazy people , but squirrel dude has become such an important toy in our house that we call him by name . Both our ~ 50lb shep mix carries him -LRB- yup I said it , `` him '' -RRB- lovingly around from room to room -LRB- even if he 's not filled with treats -RRB- and can be entertained for quite a while with a mix of dog food and crushed biscuits inside . Our ~ 45lb pit mix puppy and chew-a-holic loves to chomp on the textured surface and has been going at him for months without doing much damage . Two chewers and the same toy for over a year ? That 's some sort of miracle . And you ca n't beat the pleasing purple color . NOTE
 Our dog goobles up food in seconds , so we are always looking for a new food toy to help him slow down eating . This toy holds the right amount of his food , and helps him take a little bit longer to eat it . Our only concern is that our dog has unusually small kibble , so he does still get it out fast , but it 's great if you have larger kibble !
 My dog loves this toy . I fill it up with his dog kibble and he can play with it for quite a while trying to get his food out . The plastic is soft enough so it does n't bang up my kitchen cabinets but is also hard enough where my terrier ca n't destroy it . He 's really tough on toys and can destroy things in minutes . This one passes the test ! Highly recommend .
 My chocolate lab/pit bull mix LOVES this toy ! I fill it with cat treats and she tosses it around trying to get them out . She is a power chewer and has n't made a dent in her squirrel dude . Make sure you get the right size . I had to get the smaller size for her -LRB- she is 55 lbs . -RRB- since they were out of the large , and sometimes she ca n't quite get all of the treats out . If it were bigger , it would n't be a problem . However , it does make it more challenging . It was a great buy ! We always lover Premier products !
 My dogs LOVE this toy and I love it too because it keeps them entertained for a long time . It is high quality too . My dogs destroy many toys because they chew right through them , but not this one . I like Kong toys too , but these are my favorite because of the prongs . They keep the treat in longer and make them work for it harder .
 The previous reviewer complained about treats not coming out ... but that can be fixed . The beauty of the Squirrel Dude over the Kong is that it has `` fingers '' over the opening that can be cut down to accommodate whatever size food/treats you want to put in there . I do prefer the Kong , but this is nice for smaller items that would fall out of the Kong without being jammed in by something else . I 'm going to order the Bamboo 810165 Toy Cleaning Brush to clean this little guy and my Kongs , as it looks like a good idea .
 I would rate this 5 stars for cute , cute , cute . However , my dogs have done a number on the dude . This toy is NOT for aggressive chewers . I would compare this durability-wise to the blue kong for geriatric pooches . The molded squirrel seems to give them a bit of a ledge to catch their teeth on so they can break the rubber . On the bottom , there is a hole , very much like Kong - however it is covered with rubber bristles to keep the goodies in . This is good for smaller hard treats , however , I usually use canned cheese , which catches on the bristles and is hard to clean . The added challenge , however , makes this a better choice for a dog prone to boredom . However , mine just got frustrated and decided to decapitate the thing . I 'm going to get an angry e-mail from the Squirrel Lover 's Society now . Oh well ... . I would buy this again .
 Squirrel Dude is one bad mofo . He can withstand the murderous jaws of a Siberian Husky chewing master ! So far this is the only toy that has survived our dog 's wrath , and it can keep him occupied for quite a while . He can get most of the treats out pretty quickly , but there 's always a little bit in there that drives him crazy ! Great toy I would recommend to anyone with a curious dog that likes to annihilate regular dog toys.I want to mention that my sister has also had a Squirrel Dude for a while now and her two dogs are completely uninterested in it . I like to think it 's only for dogs who enjoy being mentally stimulated haha .
 Whether your a high-powered attourney or your average joe blow down the street , if you love your dog and your dog loves to chew , the squirrel dude is for you . Our yellow lab puppy has had this toy -LRB- large -RRB- for almost two months now and has yet to damage it in the least . She has been able to destroy dentabones , kongs , and anything made of rubber , but can not seem to break this toy . She loves the irregular way it bounces when tossed and the little nubs hold treats inside for hours and hours of enjoyment ! Very practical , fun , and tough . Excellent choice .
 Our dog wo n't touch a toy unless it 's filled with food . She 's figured a lot of the puzzle toys out , and cleans out a classic Kong in record time . I really needed something to keep her occupied for an extended time , and Squirrel Dude is my man . It 's similar to a classic Kong , except it has four flexible , triangular tabs in the opening . You can control the `` flow '' of food -- simply leave the tabs as is to make the dog 's job harder , or trim them so the food falls out faster . You 'll have to gauge it based on the size of the treat you plan to use , and how dedicated your dog is . We like to fill this with smaller treats -- kibble , bits of chicken jerky , Zuke 's , and broken-up biscuits , so I just barely trimmed each tab and it works great . She 'll work at this off and on all day , and sometimes will take longer than a day to empty it . We 've had Squirrel Dude about six months -- he takes a beating every day and has held up incredibly well . This was truly money well spent .
 I bought this for my Pembroke Welsh Corgi and at first , he did n't like it . The food would n't come out because it would get stuck in the purple knobs that hold the food in . So finally , I just cut those off and the food came out easier -LRB- but it 's not like it poured out ; very subtle -RRB- . He was bored with his generic dog food I put in there so I got into chopping up carrots and celery and mixing them with peanut butter and freezing it , and Little Bear goes NUTS !!! He LOVES it ! And it takes him a good 30-45 minutes to get everything out . Just as long as its frozen food with some sort of buffer -LRB- like peanut butter or Kong Stuff -RRB- , its one of his favorite things . It 's a pretty exhaustive process to get everything out for him , and he 's pooped afterwards . He likes it more than his Kong balls I 'd have to say .
 We do n't put kibble in our squirrel buddy , as my two girls will fight to the death over it . I do , however , put some peanut butter inside the opening each morning when I leave for work . Keeps them busy for a good little while . The squirrel buddy is stronger than Kong -- my mild-mannered , but very persistent 60 pound Weimaraner destroyed two Kongs -- one regular and one heavy-duty . She has n't managed to chew up the squirrel . Other toys from the same company have n't fared as well against her , but the squirrel continues to survive my ferocious chewers . Ordering three more !
 My new 65 lb Malinois is a strong chewer and has chewed the tops off of several of the red Kongs . But these Buddy Squirrels appear to be thicker or of a denser material then the Kong brand . The medium sized Buddy Squirrel is the same size as a large Kong . Unless your dog is well over 65 lbs or has the jaws of a tiger , the medium size may be the correct size for your dog . My dogs have be unable to chewer through these . I cut out the four rubber `` prongs '' in the opening of the Buddy Squirrel with a box cutter and stuff them with canned dog food . I then freeze them over night . In the mornings when I want some peace and quiet I give my two Malinois the frozen stuffed Buddy Squirrels and this treat keeps them happily occupied for an hour or two . The medium sized Buddy Squirrels can handle almost 1/3rd a can of dog food which is exactly the amount I wish to feed of the canned food . I occasionally stuff in bits of carrot , apple , celery , peeled broccoli stems , fresh ground peanut butter -LRB- the other `` Skippy-type '' has too much fat and will give the dogs the runs -RRB- or even bits of raw meat to give the canned food a bit of texture . I believe dogs should have to work a bit for their food as it challenges them both physically and mentally . I have purchased a couple of the large Buddy Squirrels also but they are so big and heavy that I think they are better suited for a much larger dog . I 'm afraid to play catch with the large Buddy Squirrel for fear of damaging her teeth . The large size is really , really heavy duty . I do n't think a Tiger would chew through those . OK , maybe a Tiger . The medium sized ones are lighter and I feel more comfortable tossing them lightly and allowing her to catch them . Remember that dogs should be monitored with any chew-type toy .
 My dogs love this toy ! My oldest is almost 8 , but he 's still a puppy at heart . They 're Golden/Lab mixes , so they love to play and are very food-driven . They 're very rough on toys and have destroyed several other treat-dispensing toys by simply chewing through the toy to get to the treats inside . I 've had two of these toys for a few weeks now , use them at least once or twice a day , and they 're still good as new . Ben loves this toy so much he carries it around with him a good part of the day and takes it to bed with him at night , so I 'm pleased with how durable they are . And it 's so much fun to watch them play with it . They each have their own , so there is no fighting over the toy or the treats .
 This is a GREAT puzzle toy ! I have a dog that tends to destroy things -LRB- Hes a pit mix with a super strong jaw -RRB- ... he chewed through the rope on the tug a jug within an hour . These squirrels provide more of a challenge and it just keeps me laughing seeing him throw the squirrel around the living room trying to get the treats out . Over time , the prongs do come off and I have gone through 3 of these due to the prongs coming off , making it too easy , but that is over the course of 6 years and he gets treats in it daily . Its the only puzzle toy ive been able to get him that has actually kept him busy and frusterated for hours ! I highly recommend it . The large one is big enough to fit a little over 1 cup of kibble which is perfect for his breakfast and dinner . Great Toy !
 I have 2 black labs and a rottweiler . This is my youngest labs FAVORITE ! He has destroyed every toy I ever bought him except Squirrel Dude!We have had this toy for 2 years and it still is in great shape.Hoover has figured out how to lay the squirrel on his paw so that when he chews on it a certain way the treats will come out . My rotty 's trick is to throw it down the stairs for her reward!This toy is far better than the kong as the little tabs help hold the treats in longer . I break up a few treats so some will fall out easier than others . If I do n't want all the treats eaten too quickly I just put in bigger ones . You could cut the tabs so that the treats come out easier , but I find that buying or making homemade treats in different sizes works better . Once the tabs are cut , then you are stuck with that size hole for good.Mr . Squirrel is one awesome Dude !
 I normally use dog food to fill the squirrel and my dog goes to town on it ! It does turn into a slobbery mess as he sits there and tries to lick out all the food . Before giving it to him I try to show him that by shaking it you can get the food out , but I do n't think he understands . He gets most of the kibble out , except for the soggy ones that are towards the squirrel 's head . I definitely recommend the squirrel especially since it is dishwasher safe and it has the prongs that controls the flow of things coming out . You do n't have to deal with the peanut butter mess every time you try to stuff it like the Kong .
 I bought this for two dogs that even tore up Kong toys . The squirrels have withstood their chewing and are still in one piece !! Great toy and very cute !
 I have an 8 year old AmStaff who destroys most toys in minutes . Kong 's last a couple of weeks . Squirrel dude keeps her busy for hours . I felt sorry for her & even clipped a couple of the little prongs off so she can get her treat faster . Even a terrier 's jaws get sore after awhile .
 The large Squirrel Dude is an excellent and durable toy for `` puppies '' like myself in the 100 lb . range . My first one lasted 3 years of constant chewing -LRB- no treats involved ... I just love to chew it -RRB- MUCH better than a Kong type toy .
 First Impression
 My dog is not very interested in a kong , but he loves the squirrel dude . It 's one of his very favorite toys . I clipped one claw from the bottom to facilitate a better kibble flow , and it keeps him busy for about 10-15 minutes .
 This is an OK dog toy . It keeps my dog occupied for 10-15 minutes . He was never interested in his Kong , but because the treats are harder to get things out of this keeps him occupied longer . I think I cut the tabs a little too short ... would likely last longer if I had n't of cut them as short . He does like the buster cube -LRB- for outside or if you have carpet -RRB- and Omega tricky treat ball -LRB- for inside -RRB- more than squirrel dude .
 My Abbey can find her way around treat toys easily so it 's sometimes disappointing to buy a toy that she figures out immediately . This squirrel presents a good challenge to for her . I wish that the solution to making the treat disbursement easier was n't to cut the little prongs out , though , because that 's a permanent fix to a temporary problem . Eventually she will need the challenge to be at a higher level and the little prongs are n't replaceable . Still love the toy , though , and so does my pup !
 This dog toy has held up well so far . Once loaded with treats , it kept my dog entertained for about an hour . Would buy this again .
 I bought this toy because it was recommended in Tamar Geller 's book , `` 30 Days to a Well-Mannered Dog '' . My 25 lb mini Australian Shepherd will play with this toy for over an hour . She will pick it up and throw it down hoping that some treats will come loose or she will lie on the floor with one paw on the toy trying to get the treats out with her tongue . So far this toy seems indestructible too .
 My one year old Shepherd pup tears through everything ! HE also loves to play the `` hide a treat '' game , and he loves this squirrel ! I agree with some other reviewers you may have to trim the tabs underneath for larger treats , but otherwise , very worth it !
 Premier makes great quality toys for those of us with powerful chewers . My 10 month old weimaraner has n't been able to put a dent in her squirrel dude despite being in a bit of a destructive phase . That being said , it is n't her favorite toy . If she was more food motivated , I think she would be more interested in it . At this point , she still prefers her kong to the squirrel dude .
 I bought this for my bulldog . He uses this and the KONG genius . Both are very good , but I like this one because you can trim the prongs on it and make it easier if need be . The toy is VERY durable , but is not meant to be left out for the dog to chew on . Once the stuffing is out , pickup the toy and take it away . My dog loves to see this toy because he knows whenever it 's out - he 's getting a treat !
 This was a Christmas present for our Malinois to keep her occupied while we opened gifts . It did the job . I also purchased some Zuke 's mini bakes and fruitables treats to go along with it . Ziva is a problem solver , so she really worked that first day to figure out how to get the treats out . If I want to just amuse her a little I put in the Zuke 's treats -LRB- they come out more readily -RRB- . If I really want to occupy her time longer , I put in the fruitables treats . You can snip the little prongs a bit to let the treats fall out easier , but be careful not to take off too much like I did . I 'm ordering another one , because I got a bit carried away with the scissors .
 I bought this for my shih tzu after it was recommended by a teacher at my local animal shelter . I could not be happier ! I ca n't believe how much fun my dog now has eating her kibble . I 'll put large treats in there as well and it will occupy her for hours ! So much better and more mentally stimulating for her . I highly recommend .
 This toy is perfect for my dog who has mastered the art of the kong . It has little rubber appendages over the large opening that can be trimmed to make it easier or left on to make it more challenging . It 's a shame that you have to cut them off though , because once they are gone that is it , you ca n't make it harder for treats to come out , not an issue with my dog though . Overall design is good too , but my dog could n't care less if it 's shaped like a squirrel or not . It may be not as hardy as the kong though -LRB- probably not good for toy destroyers -RRB- and i think my dog could rip off the appendages if he wanted to , but he does n't destroy his toys .
 I recently switched my GSD/Greyhound mix to this food as he was experiencing food sensitivities and bacterial overgrowth in his small intestines . The vet at his renowned NYC area clinic recomended probiotics as well as a food change to a single protein food along with one that has no wheat , corn etc as these are top foods causing this . Also eagle has probiotics within the formula . The difference in his 6 year old demeaner is amazing . . more energy , stools are consistent and also turns out it has glucosamine in it which also helps his hips as he inherited the bad hips from his GSD blood lines . Also , it turns out my brothers purebred champion hunting and show dog pedigree lined golden retriever also is on this line of food as recomended by the breeder . He uses the high protein formula when she is in hunting competition , and in the thick of bird season . Works wonders and man is she a strong muscled bitch !! Ca n't say enough about this food ... just try it if you really love your canine !!
 These are the only treats that allows me to leave the house without my Lowchen going crazy . He hates it when I leave so I give him just one and he completely forgets I 'm leaving . His all time favorite snack . Maybe because they are so STINKY !
 My super fussy Eskie loves Salmon Sushi better than any of the many , many other treats she has tried . This is the definition of a `` high value '' treat that can be used for training . I like the fact that they are a very healthy treat for her and that they come from a safe source ie . not China . My only problem is keeping an adequate supply for her . There are only about 20 -LRB- small -RRB- treats per sack and even giving her no more than 4 or 5 a day , a sack does not last long .
 This is a perfect dish ! It is made wonderfully and holds up very nicely . Easy to clean , easy to fill , easy for any size pup to eat out of . Great to have around the house for the Bears fan especially if there are more than one teams being cheered for in the family !
 This was exactly as advertised and was just what I needed . This helped me to adapt this for a turtle tank that does n't need to be completely full with water .
 Have been using these sticks for 20 years and as long as they are pre-soaked they are great . Just dropping the sticks directly in the pond gave me too many floating goldfish
 I have tried pellet food for my comet goldfish and they ate it but a lot of it sunk to the bottom . After time it polluted the pond water . With these floating sticks the goldfish get every piece . The goldfish now let me hand feed them . Something they never did with the pellets . So I guess they like the taste of the sticks .
 The Tetra Pond Floating Pond Sticks not only seem to be a nutrious food for my fish and red eared slider turtles , but the uneaten pond sticks do n't make the water cloudy . The other benefit of these pond sticks is that they can be easily broken apart for smaller fish to eat .
 The product purchased from Amazon came in as expected in any aspect . Good quality fish food for my KOI fish . Highly Recommended .
 What can you say about fish food ? All I can say , without actually interviewing the fish , is that they seem to like this food a lot , better than any other we have used at any price . As soon as the food hits the water the little guys come right up there for the feast . We 've used this food with both coi and pond gold fish . No complaints filed . Price is right . Good quantity , delivered fast . That 's it . Have n't tried it myself . Prefer cheeseburgers , but that 's just me . And , I 'm not about to drop one of those into the pond to see how it goes over . We 'll just stick with these floating pond sticks for the little guys .
 This is what I have always used for my large goldfish . They love it . It always arrives when promised .
 I recently had a very difficult period of allergies with my 2 dachshunds . My older dog is very picky about treats . he will only eat soft treats , no hard biscuits whatsoever . Now that he has been diagnosed with allergies to wheat , corn , chicken , and rice , I ca n't find ANY soft treats to give him . He loves the fish treats and they are now his only treat , so I always have some variety on hand .
 For dogs allergic to chicken , beef , venison , bison etc , these are a great product and my dog loves them and begs for more !
 My goldfish love this food but the only problem is my fish sometimes have trouble eating it because the flakes are so big . But besides that my fish love this food and it stays fresh for a long time .
 Got these for my medium koi and large comets , and they eat them readily . These are floating pellets , about 4mm in diameter . They feed cleanly , because there is very minimal broken up or ground particles in the product , and so the pond does not get contaminated with small uneaten food powder that rots.I just wish this was a super saver eligible product , and I would be all over it .
 If you are looking for an excellent birdbath , this is the one . Others that are made of resin or cement become covered in mold and the paint is toxic and wears off.This birdbath is quality all the way and the copper bowl prevents bacteria , mold , and fungus from growing on it . The copper bowl lifts out easily to empty and refill with water . The artwork is simple and elegant . The bird appears to be solid brass . The base that is inserted in the ground is heavy metal and hammers into the ground easily providing very steady and straight support . We love it .
 I purchased this birdbath about 2-3 years ago and have been very pleased with it . I wanted a smaller-sized birdbath that would be easy to move , if needed . It came unassembled but it was very easy to assemble . The stand that holds the birdbath 's copper dish has proven to be very stable . I have placed it outside one of my kitchen windows so I can view the activity from the kitchen table . I enjoy watching the birds taking baths and drinking from it . There are also a few squirrels that drink from it as well . The copper has developed a nice patina in the ensuing years and looks great in the side garden . I would highly recommend this birdbath to anyone looking for a compact , copper one .
 Love the large value size of this product . My koi love this type of food . They wo n't eat any other kind .
 This is such a convenient way to keep my Koi fish HAPPY ! I am ordering more today ! The price is RIGHT !
 Koi love to eat food ! I often call them `` the pigs of the water '' . Koi love to eat thier koi food but they also love to eat any kind of bread . They also love donuts , I do n't know if this food is worth it but it does give them the nutrition they need .
 Not much to say / / / / / / / / / / / / / / / / / / / / / / / / / / / / it
 fits , works for the mag 350 . decent buy . hope you do n't ever need one . next time just buy a penn-plax cascade 1000 , less problematic and no stupid expensive retention clips
 Shipped quickly and exactly what I needed . My fish are much happier now :-RRB- I could n't fing this part locally . Thank you Amazon !
 There 's not much to say in a review of an o-ring . It 's either the right size or it 's not . More importantly , the seller had this part available when none of the local fish stores in DFW did . They were fast and fairly priced . I highly recommend Marine & Reef . You can purchase from them here on Amazon or on their website .
 Arrived quickly , and was exactly what I expected . But , then , how difficult is it to put three small rubber washers in an envelope and mail them?Price better than local pet stores , even after shipping .
 This is a set of all 4 rubber gaskets that go in my Magnum 350 pump . They fit just fine .
 We use multiple Magnums and finding a source of parts with great prices and very timely service is just what we wanted . We will ot hesitate to use this source again .
 Fit my Magnum filter perfectly , works great , stops the excessive air that was getting in my filter . I highly recommend .
 My 8 yr old Siamese , Random , has always had stomach issues . He has trouble with hairballs and he tends to eat too quickly , which results in the food coming right back out . He 's been on prednisolone since he was young to control his vomitting . Since I switched him to Royal Canin Special 33 , I 've been able to reduce the dosage of the prednisolone and he vomits less often ! He does n't vomit right after eating anymore either . He 's perkier than he has been in years and he looks fantastic . His coat is good , his eyes are bright . Our other cat Nimitz , a 2 yr old Norwegian Forest cat , shares this food and he looks fantastic too . It 's not the cheapest food I 've ever bought , but it 's worth every penny to me !
 This food was recommended by the animal rescue foundation where Luna was adopted . It is easily digested and my kittie 's fur has great sheen and softness . Luna definitely knows when I try to slip another brand in the mix . Buy it for your kittie , you will get lots of Kissies for it !
 Wanted something I could feed my inside cats once in a while and not have to change for feral cats . The feral cats ate less and their coats looked healthy within weeks . Big improvement -- so in the end it cost less and was better for them .
 My filter was extremely loud , due to the impeller being worn out . As soon as the new Impeller was put in , ah , peace and quiet .
 I bought this because my penguin 300 filter started making clackity-clack noises as it ran . I really had my doubts that the new impeller would completely solve the problem but , after installation , the noise disappeared . My filter is like new again !
 I have a female 1 year old Ragdoll named BB . She comes from 7 generations of champions , all which have been raised on Royal Canin . We all love her and would buy whatever she needs . As with most cats , she LOVES moist canned cat food and eats dry fine but does n't scarf it down . However , when we put this dry Royal Canin in front of her , it 's as if we opened a can of her favorite wet cat food ! I do n't have to tell you the health benefits since Royal Canin is a industry leader in high quality healthful cat food ! The fact that our champion Ragdoll acts like dinner is a special treat makes this cat food worth every penny you pay for it ! Best of all there is a formula for just about any cat ! Thanks Royal Canin !
 I have two Burmese cats , and both of them are being or were raised on this kitten formula -LRB- one is 13 months , the other is 8 months -RRB- . They have been on it since they were 4 months old . I did a lot of research into food recommended by my breeder since we spent a lot of money on the cats . I ultimately decided on this brand because of the research they have done . I plan on putting both of them on the Persian formula -LRB- that is for Himalayans and Burmese too -RRB- because these types of cats are prone to getting a certain type of UTI and need their urine a different pH.Their fur has never been softer , they are so active and always chasing each other , they are very playful with us . We always comment on how soft the older one is , just like a pillow , and the younger one is getting closer every day . They eat the food I leave out for them every day , so I 'm assuming it is satisfying . I just love this brand and plan on sticking with them , even when we get dogs .
 I adopted two kittens and they would not eat any food besides wet food . i bought them pretty much every kind of dry kitten food i could afford and this one was the winner . it decreased their gas which they had with other dry foods such as purina and friskies . they love it Royal Canin and it 's the only one they 'll eat , I could not be more pleased .
 I have had both of our indoor cats on this food for the past two years . It was recommended by one of the staff at Petsmart . It is great for keeping their coats shiny and soft ... plus Ginger and Oliver love it . One of our cats is prone to really dry skin and this food has really helped . -LRB- I 'm thrilled to find I can order this on-line , because it 's sometimes difficult to find -LRB- or sold out of -RRB- in the petstores .
 One of our cats has a tonne of dandruff . Had , I should say . We switched from Science Diet for skin to the Royal Canin , and her dandruff is n't completely gone , but it 's definitely better ! Plus , she finds it to be YUMMY : -RRB-
 They fit properly , not much to say / / / / / / / / / / / / / /
 Admitedly the only part I use from this kit is the sponge filter itself . Which works very well both as a filter and a home from nitrifying bacteria . I have had no problems with it whatsoever .
 This fits the 550 and the 660 forward flow penguin powerheads and can be made to fit the 1140 . Penguin powerheads take some getting used to and can cause back flow problems draining your tank and flooding your room . The cotton ball in the end of what they call the ventury valve on the air hose has to be there and make sure it is clean and dry . It can be replaced with plain old cotton ball . The sponge has to be taken off and rinsed weekly , stick your finger inside to loosen dirt . These are the best for undergravel filters , ca n't be beat especially for price . If you have 2 on a perfecto filter they should be the same size . On a penn plax it does n't matter . You can buy replacement sponges seperately , usually last about a year if you rinse them in luke warm water to preseve the bacteria . I even throw them in the washing machine and have a bunch on hand . Undergravel filters for freshwater fish , especially perfecto filters , even if a bowfront tank , Undergravel Filter - 48 in . x 18 in.are the best way to go .
 the penguin filter is an exceptional piece of equipment for my aquarium . I have recently purchased a fish tank and some african cichlids and so far my penguin filter has done its job . However , the product tends to be very loud and sometimes annoying during the nights when we are sleeping . But overall it is an exellent product for both beginner and advanced aquarists out there .
 My previous filter , from a different manufacturer died and I bought the Marineland Penguin 150 for my 29 gallon tank . It is very good
 My dog loved her new toy . But she is not hard to please when it comes to toys . I like it because she can not shred it & leave the filling all over the house . The dragons tongue comes out when squeezed and it squeaks . Pretty funny actually .
 We recently took a month-long RV trip around the US with our 1 year old golden retriever . I bought this toy for her first birthday and it provided her hours of entertainment . Being cooped up in a 25 ' Rv for 8 hour drives on many days , this toy was a delight . It 's become one of her favorites and has held up nicely .
 My one year old golden retrieve is currently going through a destructive phase . Anything stuffed gets eviscerated in a matter of days . After getting tired of cleaning up stuffing guts every day , I started to look for alternatives and found these . They are AWESOME ! I 've had them -LRB- duck , frog and dragon -RRB- for over a month now and they are still intact ! The are perfect for playing catch with her too . She 's still learning the art of catching things mid air and these are squishier than a ball so are easier for her to catch . They also meet her chewing needs . She puts one paw over one of them and chews and pulls on them to her hearts content . There has been ZERO signs of wear at this point . The only downside is her love of the squeaky sound . When my family is sitting around talking , she brings one of them over to whomever is talking and starts squeaking it . We 've decided that this is her way of being part of the conversation . It 's unbelievably cute , but is somewhat problematic when you try talking to someone on the phone . Luckily she has mastered `` drop '' so it 's easy to temporarily take it away so you can actually have a conversation . I 'm buying some more to hide away so when she does eventually kill the ones she has , there will be replacements on hand . HIGHLY recommend !
 I first did not think that this toy would survive with my 100lb lab , but it did ! It is really fun toy , fun to see my big dog running around with this squeaky Chameleon . It 's been 4 or 5 weeks so in my opinion , it already paid for itself . But it still works .
 My 6 + lb . chi puppy loves this toy ! We 've had it for months now , and it is still a joy for him to play with . And you ca n't beat the price ! I think he likes the fact that it 's gentle on his mouth , and the trunk and tail movement is fun too . Note
 This has been my dogs -LRB- a Chihuahua Dachshund mix -RRB- favorite toy for years , he is absolutely crazy about it and will play with it for hours , great for fetch and also for him to play with by himself , it 's very durable considering , how violently he shakes and throws it around . Usually lasts at least a few months . I also like that you can just rinse it off when it get 's dirty .
 My dogs LOVE this toy ! They run all over , squeeking and popping the tail and trunk in and out as they go . I bought the last one that the store had , and my two Samoyeds have stolen it from each other since . I had to get online to get another right away . I 'm definitely getting a few more . Maybe the previous reviewer did n't notice that this is the JR. version of the same toy , and accidentally bought the smaller version of what he/she is used to . I will get full-size for my dogs .
 My dog LOVES this toy . . it took him about 3 months to slowly destroy it , but that 's a pretty good amount of time for him . . He 's a miniature pincher and they are pretty tough on their toys . First he managed to rip the tongue while playing tog-o-war , then the tail , and eventually the legs ... At this price and with free shipping from amazon , I could n't have asked for a better toy . It 's totally cute , and so much fun !
 my dog really loves this dragon and still plays with it now , and always take it 2 bed with her thank you .
 We have a Lab / SharPei mix . She LOVES these toys . We have purchased two , and will buy more . She does n't CHEW these . She immediately figured out that a gentle mouthing would produce the squeaks she enjoys . All we have to do is pick up one of these and make it squeak and she comes running , ready to play .
 I purchased the Dragon for our larger sized Yorkshire Terrier for Christmas and at first she was not thrilled by the rubber feel of the toy and went back to her stuffed animals . After showing her how the tongue and tail extend when you squeeze it , she began to spend more and more time with it . She seems to really enjoy how the Dragon bounces in un-expected directions when thrown across the room . Like another poster has said before , I am not sure how long the tongue or tail will last -LRB- due to the flexibility needed , the rubber is thinner -RRB- , but I avoid this problem by not getting into a tugging match with her . The item was much smaller than I was expecting , but the dimensions are about right . You will probably find that the other animal toys in your house will be larger .
 This toy is the greatest thing ever . I found that when my dog got bored with it , I had a blast with it myself . I found myself squeezing this thing hours on end . YOU HAVE TO BUY THIS !
 It is the cutest toy ... but my little dog was scared of it , so my grandkids are having fun playiing with it .
 There is lots of competition for it and they love it even when it is battered and the pink is soiled - which is when I replace it . There must be something about the texture that makes both dogs really happy .
 This was a great toy , while it lasted . We played with it everyday for 2 weeks until the tail ripped off . I was playing tug-of-war with my puppy , so the tear is understandable , but we play tug-of-war with all his other toys and they are holding up . I think I can fix the dragon with some duct tape . Just know this is n't a great choice if your dog/puppy likes to play rough .
 When we first got our dog , my sister-in-law gave us one of the octopus toys . Our pit bull puppy was initially terrified of the squeak noise that the toy made , but she simultaneously fell in love with the toy and would daintily pick it up and carry it around by one or more of the rubber tentacles . She LOVES to play fetch with it and once she overcame her fear of the squeaky noise , she loved to hear it land with a squeak and then run and get it . Her other favorite thing to do with it is pick it up by the tentacles and thrash it from side to side , allowing it to smack her on both sides of her face . After 6 months of rough play , Mr. Squeaks , as we call him , has lost 4 of his 8 legs and no longer squeaks . But that does n't really matter ; it is her favorite toy . I just ordered a few more of them today so that when she 's finally torn off the last leg , we 'll have another one -LRB- or two , or three -RRB- waiting to fill the void .
 I bought this for my dog 4 years ago and it is now torn to shreads ... . she has an entire toy box and always goes for this one . I searched and searched for another one and I am so happy I just found it on amazon . She is going to be so happy to see this under the christmas tree .
 I have a one and a half year old Havanese and the elephant is her very favorite toy . She did tear off the trunk and tail pretty quickly when she first got it but it still became her favorite . She 's had it for about a year now and just recently chewed it enough that the insides came out - so I just ordered another elephant and this time I also got the dragon . The Jr. size is great for small dogs . Very cute toys !
 This is my golden retrievers favorite toy . We ca n't find it anywhere but online now , so we have to buy it in bulk !
 I have an 8 pound Chiweenie who loves the Ladybug version of this toy . It 's easy for her to pick up in her mouth . Our dog loves to chew , and she has n't been able to chew apart this toy at all . The ladybug even has long , thin , curled up legs . I was concerned my dog would be able to chew them off , but she has n't . The ladybug is cute , too . : -RRB-
 I would have returned this item as it arrived with no ` squeeze action ' but it was intended as a Christmas gift and I did n't have time . I had ordered 3 other squeeze toys that were also gifts and worked great , the dogs were thrilled . The dragon and elephant most definitley the cutest toys
 I am giving this toy 4 stars because it 's my dog 's absolute favorite toy ! We purchased it for her when she was 3 months old and at the age of two its still her favorite -LRB- and she has allot of toys ... -RRB- We originally purchased it in an outlet store . After a few months she had ripped off all of his tentacles one by one , and by this time last year he had no tentacles left and she had pulled out all of his `` insides '' . He still remained her favorite ! Every time we would go into petsmart or any other dog store we always checked for `` Mr. Octopus '' but never found one again until now :--RRB- So I ordered 2 more and I can not wait for my dog to see them !
 I will be the first to admit that my dog is n't the smartest in the world . He likes to chew on things , but only his things he has never torn up anything that was n't a toy for him . He also likes things that squeak . He ca n't get a good enough grip on it to play with it but he will sit it in front of him and push his paw down on it so it squeaks , repeatedly .
 My dog loves this toy alot . She mostly play only with this.Con is legs fell apart very easily but well I can buy new one from here again .
 My dogs were so excited with the octopus that they fought over it . If one had it , the other would follow them around until it was dropped and snatch it up . I bought another , but they both like it so much them try on keep both . It was only about a three week period when they started pulling off the tentacles , but the body is still hole and it does still squeak .
 Did not know the little tentacles unfurled when you squeezed it ; the dog -LRB- mini poodle -RRB- loved it ! She keeps going back to it , trying to unravel the mystery of it , even though she got many , many other toys this Christmas!Great for a lively little dog who likes surprises .
 The dragon is very cute and playful . However , for some reason my dog just was n't interested in it . But that 's just a preference thing . I have found she really prefers stuff-less toys . I would recommend the toy . My dog might not like it , but my 1 year old nephew sure does ! -LRB- LOL -RRB- We have had a lot of fun playing with the dragon with my nephew !
 For some reason , these soft squeaky toys last . My dogs love to pull toys apart . They especially love to remove the squeaker first thing on any toy . These toys do n't squeak loudly and the action they make when squeezed helps kep them alive ... I think . I have a few different animals in this toy . The dogs really like them . In fact , I bought one when they were pups , 6 yrs ago and about a year ago threw it out . But only because the rubber was getting old . They still played witht the toy and it still worked . Anothe &#34; staple &#34; in our toy box .
 This is a great squeeky toy . Pretty loud . The dog loves it . She tries to tear it apart with no luck after 1 month .
 I have 2 large standard poodles and this toy keeps my dogs occupied for play time ! It is not a toy they can keep , as I take it when we are done playing , or they could easily shred it . When I do this , it makes it more special anyway ! Good fun for a great price ! Tons of fun !
 My little dachshund loves this little dragon . Very cute , and so far , durable . I order from Amazon quite a bit , so shipping was fast and no cost to me . What a deal ! When it stops squeaking , my little one will stop playing with it , so I 'll update if it does n't last long .
 I got this toy for my 3 month old Labrabull -LRB- Lab/Pit -RRB- . He 's a bit of an aggressive chewer and has a pretty powerful bite , given his pitbull side . That being said , my dog LOVED this toy . I got him 3 different toys at once , and he piled them together before choosing to play with this one . However , in about an hour he had ripped off the tongue and tail and has continued to rip tiny bits off since . He really likes the toy , so I let him play with it when I 'm watching and make sure if he rips anything off that he spits it out . So , not super durable or honestly even worth $ 4 -LRB- maybe $ 3 ? I know $ 1 sounds ridiculous but it adds up when you rebuy the toy because your dog loves it so much -RRB- ... but he loves the crap out of this toy so I might suggest it
 Impeller works wonderfully . I bought a new one because mine busted -LRB- obviously -RRB- and I figured it would work but I had no idea that the impeller was making my filter so noisy in the first place . Now it 's whisper quiet , so I say if you can hear anything besides the water entering the canister and the bubbles from the air pump , you probably need a new impeller .
 I 've used these for a long time and they hold up to bleach cleaning/soaking multiple times.I 'm not sure how well they work with small fry as my lift tube went to the top of my now fireburnt 90 gallon tank and my african cichlid fry stayed at the bottom.It may be usable on other powerheads if you purchase the strainer frame to go with it.It is made of some type of plastic and does lighten up after bleaching.Bleaching will kill beneficial nitrogen cycle bacteria so I recomend using other filters at same time if not connecting to a undergravel filter via uplift tube during cleaning/replacement . Oh and they filter very well also , the view from under my tank showed no visable buildup of fish feces-poop and no fry .
 I have had one of these packs for over 5 years and have finally worn it out and am ordering a new one . It is the most spacious and usable fanny pack I have ever owned . The fact that it comes with 2 water bottles has been perfect for my family . We 've taken it to Disney World and other places like that and it 's terrific for carrying water , wallet , large camera , etc. . I HAVE to have another one !!! Shelly
 Handy pack for walking dogs or other day-long or shorter hikes were leashes other items can be stored and out of the way , keeping hands free . Could also be used as a camera bag or hiking without dogs .
 Took this to Disney World with my 5yr old . It was great for park tickets , snacks and ponchos . I bought it so that I could carry both of our waters , for Disney in August this was Very useful . I thought the `` dog '' bowl would come in handy for snacks but we never used it . I had no problem wearing it on rides and adjusting it to however needed for each ride . I was a little worried about the water bottles , but they stayed in place and were never an issue . The pack can become heavy and awkward with two full water bottles , but to have Free water on you at Disney was well worth it . Plus having snacks in line with little ones is a real life saver .
 I got this to replace a similar fanny pack that wore out too soon . I like the larger size of this . It easily holds my dog 's first-aid kit , leash , the enclosed cloth water bowl , and a few other things . The water bottles hold enough for a short hike even with my large dog . The reflective strip is a good idea . I do wish this had a way to clip the wet water bowl to the bottom of the pack , but that was easily fixed by tying a clip to the strip that holds the water bottles .
 I am a lifelong cat lover and this is the best litter I have ever used . It does not contain sodium bentonite and does n't irritate my cat 's paw pads like some of the other litters . She no longer licks her paws constantly and has not had a single outside the box accident since using this litter . I purchased this at Whole Foods for $ 9.99 and was hoping to find it cheaper on Amazon . Unfortunately , with the shipping fees it actually costs twice as much online .
 Both my dogs love these . I put some kong spray stuff in there and they just work at them to get it out . Great distraction .
 I 'm always on the look out for new types of toys for my very active 6 month old puppy . I 've used peanutbutter inside of it as well a pup-a-roni sticks and both work great ... keeps my little guy entertained for hours ! Also toy is made of rubber and bounces in unexpected directions which the puppy loves as well !
 Fast delivery , good price . This is our second one . The pups enjoy this to play with as well as a great teeting toy .
 Our dog loves this toy . She loves the throw it and chase it . She also chews on it and is a very strong chewer . She 's had it for several weeks and it is still intact . Wonderful toy .
 If you 're dog like to play catch or fetch and is medium ot large , then try this toy . I 've gone through about 1 per year now for my 5 yo German Shepherd mix and she carries it around like it 's her blankee . She even has to put it next to her food bowl while she eats . OK , she may be a little OCD . But anyway , the hours of fun this toy has provided are well worth the lost cost . Get one now .
 My Boston Terrier loves playing with this toy . It 's perfect for his mouth . . he 's about 25 lbs . It has a lot of different textures on each side of the ` ball ' , which is great for his teeth . This plastic toy holds up VERY well . Compared to most of our other toys he 's gone through , these Pet Stages Okra toys hold up very well . I highly recommend any of this brand of toys . This one is just fun because it bounces all crazy and my pup has to chase it in a different direction .
 My dogs love this toy . I have had 3 little dogs who got hours of pleasure from demolishing the things . This was the 3rd time I bought the Orka and it is well worth the expense to watch my puppies chase it . It does n't last forever but is much more durable than any other chewie toy we 've had .
 I have had these for my `` yorkiepoo '' since she was a puppy -LRB- she 's 10 yrs . old now -RRB- . I would have to say that she weighs 14 lbs . and if she gets intense enough she can chew just a little bit of the end off but has never choked or had any other issues with the Orka chew toy . You must understand that I find the Orka PERFECTLY SAFE or would n't have continued purchasing them for her . The Orka is her MOST FAVORITE TOY EVER . She has a toy box and her Orka 's are the only ones that are out -- she has about 5 out now but the reason I ordered more is the thought of her not being happy is something her `` mom and dad '' could n't stand .
 My 3 month old shiba inu loves this toy . She loves chewing on it and it has a sporadic bounce pattern that keeps her interested . Great buy !
 My 60 lb Goldendoodle loves this toy . He likes medium sized toys that have multiple places to chew and grip when catching that are not too big . He had another Orka brand toy in the past and it is of the same material and has held up well . He is a fairly hard chewer -LRB- he has gone through the Nylabone DuraChew bones in a month or so -RRB- . Dogs who are really aggressive chewers will chomp through this one though . This one is perfect for our dog .
 I actually bought the `` large '' one for my Labs and Golden as they are VERY hard chewers . This is a great fetch toy , but I do n't leave it with them unattended as a `` chew '' toy .
 The rather unfair -LRB- in my mind -RRB- one-star review forced me to respond ; I 'm quite certain I would n't be reviewing cat litter as my first Amazon review otherwise.I will admit to some skepticism when we first filled the cat 's litter box with this stuff . It has tiny little pellets . It did produce a bit of a dust cloud when first poured - though I ca n't say it was much worse than anything we had used prior . Yes , even the wheat based litter.However , after going through a full box we were pretty well sold . It tracks far less than our previous litter ... and really , do you need more than that ? Even with one of those rubber ` litter mats ' and a few feet of carpet , our cats previous litter started showing up all over the house
 Brand new , perfect fit , and replaced my old plastic canister that had busted clips . Works great now and no leaks .
 Everything was packed well and no broken sacks . The price was right . It was outstanding !!!!! Kaytee Pet # 100032148 5LB Parrot Food
 Pet guardians , please take the time to educate yourselves on what goes into your pet 's food . That initiative will give them the gift of a longer , healthier life , eliminate many chronic health issues that pets face , save you money in vet bills in the long run ... the list of benefits goes on and on.I have done extensive research on canine and feline nutrition and I highly recommend , if you are going to feed commercial food , Welless , California Naturals or Innova . For a great complete meal , I give my dogs all one of those dry foods mixed with a little bit of canned from the same brands , water for hydration , a touch of a good quality essential oil -LRB- such as olive , flax , etc. -RRB- , a touch of powdered kelp and alfalfa , a splash of organic apple cider vinegar , Prozyme digestive enzymes to unlock the nutrients in all that good food and top with a dollop of plain yogurt . It sounds like a lot , but it takes me less than 5 minutes to assemble the meals for 6 dogs - and they are ridiculously healthy an full of energy , even our 3 seniors who are 11 , 12 and 13 . I have two seniors with heart murmurs and at our most recent vet check , my dog with the worst heart murmur , a 12 year old beagle that I love desperately , had a 2-grade improvement in condition severity - that is HUGE . Good nutrition makes all the difference and , as an added bonus , I have yet to meet a dog that does n't like it !
 This has been the best food for our dogs . They are more active , look healthier , and have firm , small stools . The food has consistent ingredients and our senior dogs are still young . They love it .
 Got product quickly . shipping was high , but bags were heavy , so guess it was warranted .
 Pet guardians , please take the time to educate yourselves on what goes into your pet 's food . That initiative will give them the gift of a longer , healthier life , eliminate many chronic health issues that pets face , save you money in vet bills in the long run ... the list of benefits goes on and on.I have done extensive research on canine and feline nutrition and I highly recommend , if you are going to feed commercial food , Welless , California Naturals or Innova . For a great complete meal , I give my dogs all one of those dry foods mixed with a little bit of canned from the same brands , water for hydration , a touch of a good quality essential oil -LRB- such as olive , flax , etc. -RRB- , a touch of powdered kelp and alfalfa , a splash of organic apple cider vinegar , Prozyme digestive enzymes to unlock the nutrients in all that good food and top with a dollop of plain yogurt . It sounds like a lot , but it takes me less than 5 minutes to assemble the meals for 6 dogs - and they are ridiculously healthy an full of energy , even our 3 seniors who are 11 , 12 and 13 . I have two seniors with heart murmurs and at our most recent vet check , my dog with the worst heart murmur , a 12 year old beagle that I love desperately , had a 2-grade improvement in condition severity - that is HUGE . Good nutrition makes all the difference and , as an added bonus , I have yet to meet a dog that does n't like it !
 I saw this in my Quick Picks , so decided to try them with my three parrots . They used to eat junk food but got them to start eating Harrison 's . The biggest problem with Harrison 's is they 're quite expensive , costing almost $ 5 a pound in 25lb quantities -LRB- in 1 pound bags , they cn cost $ 10-12 . So we 're giving these a try . So far no complaints.One thing I must point out to any bird owners . Many people think if their bird eats pellets , that 's all they need . Imagine if you had to eat the same thing , day in and day out . So if you get your parrot eating any pellets , augment their diet with other good food like fresh fruits and veggies . I also give my guys junk food , but in limited quantities . A few sips of a milkshake , fruit juice , s bit of cheese or Ginger Snap keeps them happy.But for the price , Roudybush Bird Food was worth a try . I think they are based on corn , but have added ingredients to make them healthy.I 'm , or rather the birds , are apparently satisfied with this purchase .
 My pionus parrot will only eat these particular pellets . She LOVES them . She is 10 yrs . old and has never been sick a day in her life . She has eaten these pellets all of her life .
 Just like the local pet shop sells and at 1/3 our local price . very fresh and the bird loves it .
 I bought this bird food in 3 sizes to meet all my birds needs and this food fits the bill . All of my birds eat it and there is no waste . I highly recommend this food for all birds . Great name brand means great food .
 The bird likes the pellets and my Vet , an expert in avians , reccomends it . It holds up several days in the dish but I find that smaller portions more often keep the product fresh . .
 The BIO wheel was fine now that I finally recieved it . The company that it came from , UNITED PET GROUP has horrible customer service . I have a 100 Gallon tank and no one locally in my town sells these , so I needed it quickly . They sent it to an old address.Anyway , glad BIOWHEEL
 The capsules did not quite dissolve instantly , the majority of them took a few minutes , a handful took a little longer but they all ultimately dissolved and turned into the shapes they were supposed to . Fun to spend some time with on a rainy day !
 For a 23 year old 's bday , the magic was back ! Great fun to see which would be which like we did when we were young ... just trying to bring a bit of the childish silly fun back
 I have an 11 months old Westie who has skin allergies . Since I have change to the Wellness brand , his scratching has decrease and his skin and coat looks great ! And he loves the taste !
 i hesitated on purchasing this bone for awhile ; it is pretty pricey in comparison to normal bones and i didnt know if it would be worth the additional cost , or if it would just be a let down like every other dog toy I 've purchased.i eventually decided that i was throwing enough money away every week on buying multiple toys and/or bones that my dog would destroy in a matter of minutes.so i got this one and all that changed . my dog -LRB- he is an American Bulldog/Chocolate Lab mix and an aggressive chewer -RRB- loves this bone and has been working on it off and on for weeks . the Galileo is only slightly beat up now , and it is still in one , solid piece . it has a long life ahead of it too . : -RRB-
 In 1994 One of my heavy-chewing Samoyed dogs had a deadly episode with a Nylabone toy . When I made the President of the Nylabone company aware of the problem with his product , he was extremely cooperative . He not only undertook settling all the medical expenses but a couple of months later sent my dog a Galileo Souper with an attached note that read
 I have two dogs who LOVE Nylabones . They have at least 30 Nylabones and they still get excited when they get a new one . This Galileo is my Chocolate Labrador 's favorite toy . He is a dog who needs to be occupied otherwise he will eat anything in sight and this toy keeps him occupied for a long time . He has a very strong jaw and this Toy seems to be invincible . I would say that this is the perfect toy for a large dog who has a strong jaw . I would not recommend it for a dog who has small or fragile teeth because this is a very heavy and hard toy and I think potentially it could hurt the teeth of a smaller dog . Also , Keep in mind that since this toy is heavy it could potentially scratch your floor when your dog drops it out of its mouth . We have both Hardwood and Tile floors and I have n't had any issues yet but it does make quite a large bang when it hits the floor .
 I bought this as a stocking stuffer -LRB- yes , for my dogs ! -RRB- for Christmas and my 15 lb Bichon Frise and 8 lb Maltese love it so far . It 's also held up so far . We have other plastic bones from this same brand so I think it will last awhile .
 My Puggle is a chewer , Anything he can find , it 's destroyed . Since purchasing this item his destructive habits have lessened greatly . He 's completely addicted to this toy . Takes it with him everywhere . Anyone with a &#34; power-chewer &#34; of a dog - GET THIS ! It 'll last a VERY long time . I hope this is helpful !
 This is the only chew toy I get for my Australian cattle dog . She can shred / consume / destroy anything else in record time . Even with her constant chewing this will last for months There are no side effects from the tiny pieces she may swallow along the way . An all around terrific product
 My dog , a Vizlador -LRB- Labrador/Vizsla -RRB- wo n't give it up !! I have to take it away from him so he can sleep !! It is very sturdy and will last a long time even with his strong chew drive . Get one and keep your dog busy for hours ! No more chewing on my shoes ...
 I have two dogs , an 80 pounder and a 25 pounder . Both are strong chewers , the small one has gone through wire fencing . I bought two of these in 2005 . They got down to about an 1/8 of their original size in the last 7 years , so I am buying two more.Almost no other dog toys last a day . Some last a week or a month . These last for AGES . Even better , as they break down only tiny , rice-sized pieces come off that the dogs swallow and pass . A large chuck has never come off , so these are also safe unsupervised 24/7 toys.Love them .
 My 72 lbs Boxer loves this thing , it does exactly as it says . She has n't even been able to make a dent in it figuratively speaking . It does flake off like it says , this will be with her for a long time ! I thought i 'd never find a product she would n't destroy in 5 minutes . Highly recommend .
 Our dog -LRB- 9 month old lab puppy -RRB- has really shredded this bone . He loves it but he also drops this half ton bone on our bare feet sometimes and since he has chewed it up and made it sharp , it hurts when it rubs up against you . Overall , 5 star , but beware of the potential pain !
 I thought this toy looked a bit odd and boring . I was n't sure my dog would like it . But , she does . Toys do not last around here . My dog chews up most toys I try to give her right away , but I gave her this about a month ago and she still has n't completely chewed it up , but she has bit off a few very tiny pieces . When I purchased this I also got two other toys and they are lasting much better . I recommend the Nylabone Double Action Combo Bone Chew , Wolf , and the Nylabone big chew knot for big dogs .
 We have three large dogs ~ a Pit bull and two Rotties . I have spent a ridicilous amount of money on toy 's and treats that were suppose to be compatiable with tough chewers . I have been on a never ending search to find a chew toy that would clean their teeth , yet not cause a intestinal blockage . About a Month ago I purchased a tan NAT GALILEO-SOUPER - Large . I could not believe my eye 's when it lasted longer than five minutes . Now a month later and it has still managed to hold our dog 's intrested and it has withstood the intense chewing . If you have a dog with powerful jaws you will find this product satisfy their need to chew .
 This is the most durable nylabone so far . My dog chewed through all the other ones in no time at all . The galileo souper does the job . He started this about 3 wks ago and the wider end is now half flat . Once he started on it , the bone will create it 's own bristles which clean his teeth . He loves it and will be chewing on it for an hour straight . If they made one that was a little longer , it may be easier for larger dogs to grab ahold of . Overall , satisfied .
 I 've ordered many of these over the years particularly for myShepherd mix . She loves them . I keep thinking she might damage her teeth , but she has n't yet and at 8 year old , she 'll still chew them to a nub ... but she does n't destroy anything else !
 This is our second Galileo bone in this size . They are fantastic -- dogs love them and they last forever -LRB- almost -RRB- -- much longer and more interesting to our dogs than any other chew toy we 've found . We got our first Galileo bone when we adopted our first lab . When he would start chewing on something other than a toy , we would give him this instead . He loved it and continued chewing on it for ~ 2 years ! When we adopted our second dog -LRB- also a lab mix -RRB- , we did the same -LRB- with the same bone ! -RRB- . After 6-7 years , the first bone is about 1/2 its original size and has sharp edges , so we ordered this one as a replacement . Our new adoptee loves it , too .
 This took no introducing to my 9 month old boxer who has destroyed every other Nylabone product within an hour - he was interested right off the bat . He 's been chewing on it pretty regularly for over a week now and you ca n't tell . I was a bit hesitant because he usually just starts eating the other Nylabones I 've given him , but I bought two anyway because there was a special if you bought 2 ... now I 'm glad I bought them both !
 I have tried numerous bones and chew toys without success . My 90 lb Lab/Pit mix is a heavy chewer who has destroyed just about everything I gave him . Even the heavy rubber Black Kong Extreme he was able to conquer . I ordered the Galileo Bone based on many positive reviews . Initially I thought the price was high , $ 14.00 bucks for a dog bone ? This thing is huge and will outlast 10 cheaper ones . My dog loved it ! It has a chicken flavor that made it irresistible . He chewed it for over an hour straight barely making a mark in it . This bone will last a long time and is worth the price .
 I have a very hard chewer and Nylabone is the only bones he gets , he manages to shave off very small pieces but nothing of significance , whatever he swallows go 's right through him . They are more expensive than other bones but well worth it .
 We have used this product for many dogs over many years . If your dog is an avid chewer and chews all its toys to pieces , then this is the toy you need . We had a Lab who went through 2 of the largest ones every year . Our current dog is about 25 lbs and loves this toy . I think it is probably good for cleaning the teeth also . The only caveat I have is that if your dog has a lot of flesh around the mouth -LRB- like a Great Dane -RRB- it may not be a good toy . Use your judgement . Otherwise , its the only chew toy I but !
 I have a 7 year old Weimaraner and have been buying these bones for years ! She loves to chew and destroys every fabric toy she gets in seconds , so we were in search of something that would last a little longer . I came across this bone and when she was a pup we would have to get her a new one about every 6 months , and to this day she still loves them ! -LRB- luckily we do n't have to get them as much , at her old age - lasts a year or longer now -RRB- Got it on amazon because I could not find them anymore , happy I looked here , price was the lowest I have ever paid !
 This toy is great for dogs that love to chew . Last a long time ! my 50lb lab husky mix just cant get enough .
 These Nylabones are fantastic ! I have a boxer/lab mix and he loves to chew these Nylabones . We go through one about every 2-3 months . Just wish the local petco kept the large `` Souper '' size in stock ...
 I so want to buy nice squeaky toys for my two Bernese Mountain Dogs . But alas it is not to be . The male has been known to tear apart expensive , indestructible , for powerful chewers , you all the fun toys in minutes . Which leaves me nylabones or kongs . Both of them seem to prefer the Galileo to the other nylabone products . They chew after every meal and these tend to last about a year . There will be little white stuff on your carpets and also in their poop . The bones get sharp and are trip hazards but save the furniture and seem to be good for their teeth . My Berners give these two paws up !!
 This is a bit large for a Jack Russell , however , she has been going to town on it and giving it a good workout . It is fairly durable , she has made some marks in it so I do n't let her chew it too long or often , but it is well worth the price to keep her occupied and not chewing on me .
 My dogs love this bone and they can not destroy it in a week . My Golden Retrievers just love it !
 Our dog is a hard chewer , and we have tried many different chew toys . The Galileo is the strongest , most durable and longest lasting toy out there . It also comes in 3 sizes , so you have choices .
 First Impression
 First Impression
 Kala has two molars missing , but this bone give her a good chew without her hurting herself . Kiev tries to take it from her , but fends him off fairly well !
 I have two dogs . One is a mix an one is a pure Brittney . They both enjoy chewing on them . I like them as they last longer then the other Nylabone shapes .
 Bought these as Christmas presents for the dogs . They love them and so far they are showing pretty good resistance to constant chewing . Should last for a good while .
 Saying my 7 month lab puppy is an aggressive chewer is an understatement . She truly puts all toys through the ringer and will put others if given the opportunity . That being said we have only owned this toy for 3 days and she has gotten very small I -LRB- smaller than rice sized -RRB- off the souper sized bone . The product did say that this would happen so I was prepared and we only give this to her while we are home . She has by no means broken it and we are hopeful that this chew will last a good while . If this toy lasts 2 months it will pay for itself . This is coming from the dog who has chewed through `` agressive chew toys '' by the age of 4 months . We always go one size up and she still manages through them , and usually within the first day or to . So so far so good . I will update in a month , but for now thanks Nylabone !
 this is a great chew toy . our dog , biggie , loves gnawing on this thing . it 's tough and durable and has lasted a long time and looks like it 's got at least another year or too .
 This is a great bone for dogs who love to chew as no matter how long , or how hard they try , they will never be able to wear out , or chew away , this bone . My dog enjoyed chewing on his first Galileo bone , although it spent most of the time buried . After it was destroyed by a lawnmower , I bought this one . However , my dog now has no interest in it . Probably because it has no taste , and he knows that his chewing does n't get him anywhere with it . But for dogs who are getting this bone for the first time , they will be sure to enjoy it until they realize that their chewing is getting them no where . Better than having them chew on everyone 's shoes !
 Best dog chew bone -LRB- s -RRB- ever made . They have been our bone of choice for many years . ALL of my dogs absolutely love to chew them , however , I do worry about the small sharp , jagged pieces of nylon that protrude from the chewed surface so , I pick the bones up after they have been chewed for about an hour . That system works well . As with most routines , the boys have learned that they will get to chew again tomorrow . Yes , it is possible to take a bone away from a Pit Bull , a Labrador and a Shepherd . Just make sure that the dog understands that the bone belongs to you before you lend it to him . If you can not pick up your dogs food bowl while he is eating , I would not try to pick up his bone while he is chewing ! My vet 's only concern was about my Pit 's teeth after the 11 year old chipped a tooth while chewing . His chew sessions were reduced but he enjoyed the bones without incident until he died at 14 .
 This is a great chew product . The particular shape seems to appeal to my dog . He plays with it - does n't just chew it - so he has more fun . It is lasting a long time . I have an 8 month old terrier / pit bull / not sure what else mix . He is an `` aggressive chewer '' . This is worth the cost if your aggressive chewer needs an outlet!As a bonus - it is latex-free and good for their dental health .
 Nylabone is just the best . Our yellow lab has been working on this Galileo for well over two months . Anything smaller for her chewing habits is gone in less than a week . I highly recommend this for anyone who has a dog who gets bored just laying around and `` wants to be doing something . '' Best thing about these Nylabones are you can boil them in water to take away any smell that might come about with a little `` age '' if your dog likes to take their time with something this size . The worse thing about this is that after constant chewing , you get the little `` plastic spikes '' that are created on the bone ... and let me tell you what ... this thing is NO FUN to step on in the dark when it has been chewed on-a-plenty ! Highly recommend !!!
 I have two very large pitbull mixes who can kill a racket ball in one bite . Real bones do n't last with these two for more than a few weeks tops . I got two of these bones and the dogs love them ! Took them a few days to start chewing on them , but now they go crazy for them . At the rate they have chewed threw these two , it will take well over 6 months to a year for them to need new ones . They really love them , and it 's been the best investment for the dogs I 've been able to make so far ! Highly recommended .
 My dog is a boxer/lab mix and just destroys toys . I purchased the Galileo super in hopes it would last , and it has . He LOVES chewing on it for hours on end . I bought all 3 sizes and he switches off chewing on them . He has worn down the end nubs some , but overall the toy is still going strong after 1 month of use . This is far longer any anything else has lasted -LRB- stuffed toys > 5 min -RRB- . I will buy this again if he ever wears it down .
 other than being heavy this have been almost indestructable . With 2 chewers in the house we go through a lot of toys , thanks
 I have a pit bull that is a heavy chewer . I have purchased so many toys and bones that did not even last 24 hours . This is our second Galileo bone and these things last forever ! Honestly the best bone out there !
 it lasts forever and mimics a bone so pup loves it . really loud when you drop it though . I highly recommend
 This truly is a super strong bone . Our pointer mix loves to chew , but far from mega chewer . This satisfies here and it only flakes off in very very tiny flakes that easily pass through our dog . Awesome product .
 I have 3 dogs and have purchased many bones for them , these they dont fight over , they can still pick them up even though they are small and they enjoy chewing on them . Great bone !
 We have a smallish -LRB- 28lbs -RRB- mix bread and she loves chewing on thing . This thing seems to be one of her favorites and she 's worked it over pretty good . It seems to hold up just about as good as the Dura Chew line of Nylabone products . It 's a little pricey but I 'd rather spend the money on something like this than find the table leg chewed up .
 I have a dog who can destroy any chew type treat in minutes . These last him for months . His teeth are in the best shape of any of my dogs
 The first time I purchased this nylabone I paid full retail -LRB- around $ 10 + -RRB- and thought I must be crazy to spend that much on something I 'm giving to a dog to destroy . Now that I have seen how long it lasted -LRB- and with regular use -RRB- and see how much dogs enjoyed it , I realize it 's worth the cost . What a waste of money it has been to get them cheaper chew toys that claim they are for aggressive chewers , but lasted , in some cases , only 5-7 hours total . It would have been just as easy to crumple five-dollar bills and throw it at them.By comparison the orig . Nylabone I bought has outlasted all the other chew toys by 3 years -LRB- and there is still 1/3rd left -RRB- and that 's with TWO dogs chewing on it -LRB- 25 pound dogs -RRB- I recently purchased several new ones because the piece that 's left on the orig . is getting too hard for them to hang on to.Fair warning -- do NOT step/trip on one of these Nylabones w. bare feet ! I do n't know how the dogs can stand it , but those chewed edges can get really sharp . I stubbed my foot on one once and it drew blood !!
 Bought this for our Pit/Lab mix and it actually lasts ! We have tried MANY , MANY bones and toys and none of them last for more than 5 minutes . Great bone but I must warn buyers that with any plastic bone , the edges can get very pointy & rough so be careful and keep it off anything you do not want scratched !
 My dog seems to enjoy chewing on this toy , and it 's hilarious to watch him carry it around . I mean look at it ! Clearly the nylabone did not look too carefully at this ... err bone.It 's excellent . Bought one for each of my dog owning friends !
 My little boxer-pit bull mix has chewed through every `` durable '' toy there is . I got her the `` wolf '' size Galileo and had to help her start it -LRB- it 's slippery before they scratch it up -RRB- but now she loves it . If you have a dog that can chew the other durable Nylabone products down to a nub then this is for you ! It does n't even seem to matter that it 's not flavored -LRB- at least not to my knowledge -RRB- . I would also recommend the Nylabone Double Action Chew - this one has also lasted far longer then the Nylabone durable regular bones .
 I bought this bone for my doberman after reading other reviews of its durability . My shepperd tends to tear everything up in minutes , she has not been able to make a dent in this in months . It will last you years !
 First Impression
 If you have a dog who likes to chew , you need this bone . We have a pitbull who chews for hours on end on this bone . After a year , we are finally replacing it . The shape of the bone is a little ... strange ... but after a week of chewing you wo n't notice the shape so much.Pros - Will keep your dog very entertained . Cheaper then chewing on furniture or shoes . It lasts a VERY long time . Occupies your dog and gets extra energy out . Wo n't break in half . Can be rinsed off if it gets gross.The cons - The pieces that are chewed off are small white slivers of plastic , they can get stuck in carpet or rugs and take a few run-over 's with the vacuum to get them up . After a week of chewing , stepping on the bone is worse then stepping on a lego .
 Works well for power breeds and heavy chewers . If they were cheaper , id buy a dozen . We have pitbulls and rottweilers and so far , this has been the best choice in keeping them busy .
 We have been using these Nylabones for years and they have worked for all of our dogs . This size works for smaller and large dogs and the shape appears to make it easier for them to hold onto the bone . Our dogs like them so much that they do not chew on those things they should n't with the exception of a stick once in a while . They seem expensive at first but they last so long , they are a real value .
 I have 2 big Chewers . They love their nylabones and so do I . This is a product I 'll always trust and continue to buy , although they do n't need replaced often . But every spoiled dog needs a new toy !
 Definately would recommend this product for the large dog in your life . Thankfully we finally have found a chew toy that is tough enough to last and pleasurable to our Bull Mastiff .
 This Souper bone is the only one my dog ca n't destroy and does n't ruin her teeth trying . Great price on it too . She does hide them really well though , so I 'm going to buy another one as a spare ! I highly recommend this bone , my smaller dog loves it too .
 Our black lab puppy demolishes most toys within a few minutes . The only toys to stand up to her jaw so far have been this bone , KONG Classic Kong Dog Toy , Large , Red , andHartz Ruff Rewards Dog Toy for Strong Chewers , Bacon Flavor - Large -LRB- 50 + lbs . -RRB- . We 've had this bone for almost 4 months now , and it still has maybe another 6-8 months in it . She has only managed to get little specks off at a time , so it seems quite harmless . She 'd go through other Nylabones much quicker.My only complaints are that as you get tougher with the Nylabones , they get harder -LRB- as opposed to a rubbery material like the Kong toys -RRB- . So be prepared for a very solid , plasticky bone . I just weighed her bone -LRB- she was a little confused -RRB- and it was still about 10 oz . It does n't seem like a lot , but it can definitely hurt when dropping-at-your-feet accidentally becomes dropping-ON-your-foot . It also makes quite a noise on hard wood floor . Finally , it gets very prickly as it gets chewed on , which makes it a little more painful when it meets your foot . But I guess this is a trade off for a durable bone when it is n't a rubbery material.So , overall we are happy with the bone . Our dog loves it -LRB- a little too much when we find it in our bed -RRB- and it has lasted a while . We 'll probably buy another one when it 's gone . It is just unfortunate that it is so heavy/loud at times.Hope this was helpful . Leave a comment if there are any questions I can answer about this bone . Thanks !
 I have been looking for a bone that my golden retriever puppy can not chew through and that lasts more than a day or two . THIS IS IT ! Keeps my puppy entertained for hours .
 I did n't think my Great Dane or Hound mix would like a bone made of Nylon but surprisingly they both enjoy it . It is is a good size for the hound -LRB- 50 pounds -RRB- but the Dane could use something bigger , unfortunately I think this is the biggest size .
 My dogs destroy all toys in about 20 seconds . Nylabones have been the only toys that work for them and last more than a couple minutes , thank goodness for them !
 The Galileo Nylabone is my dog 's favorite . My Corgi is a `` power '' chewer and this is his favorite shape bone . I like it because it keeps him occupied and it stands up well to his chewing . Great product !
 We got two of these bones for our 70 + lb pit bull terriers . I was skeptical that it would n't hold up because I have n't had much luck with obtaining items they can not destroy within minutes . THESE WORKED . Both dogs love their bones -LRB- it was their Christmas present -RRB- , and they have yet to make much of a dent . The dogs definitely make indention marks , but nothing more than scuffs from their teeth . I see these bones lasting quite a while and I look forward to it ! :-RRB- Thanks Nylabone !
 We have a lab-rottweiler mix who is a very hard chewer and this bone stands up to the test . He can usually chew up the bones that are advertised as long lasting or very tough . He seems to really like it . We 're happy with the purchase and the seller . Nylabone makes a dependable product .
 I have a 10 month old Golden Retriever puppy that has literally destroyed every toy/bone she has ever been given . This is the only bone that I 've found that she has not been able to destroy or shred into pieces that might be a danger to her . I bought a second just to have on hand for when she finally wears her way through this one !
 I bought my golden retriever his first Galileo bone about 4 years ago . He * loves * this bone , and it is the only bone he has repeatedly gone back to over the years -LRB- and believe me , this spoiled dog has been able to sample just about every bone ever made -RRB- . It 's impossible to break off large chunks , so it takes a very long time for it to wear down . I finally just bought him his 2nd bone a few weeks ago , and the original one is probably still a third of its original size . He chews on it 5-6 nights every week , while the rest of his bones collect dust . I ca n't recommend it enough , especially for those `` power chewers '' . I do n't know what they do to the bones to retain the flavor , but it works ! Do n't let the expensive price tag fool you -- they last for years.Update 10/5/10
 my daughter 's dog - an american bulldog is tough on chews and toys -- this is great for her .
 I love the Nylabone because it worth it 's price . My dog has been gnawing at it since we got it and has hardly put a dent in the thing . The dog seems to be happy with it , she 's always going at it . The only thing that surprised me , which I understand ca n't be helped , is the noise the thing makes when she srops it on the wood floor . The thing is very dense and makes a loud thump . Small price to pay .
 my dogs love nylabones . and they love this bone . lasts longer than regular nylabones . but my 75 lb dog wants her brothers smaller one.so next time I 'll just get two smaller ones
 IF YOU HAVE A DOG -LRB- S -RRB- THAT ARE STRONG CHEWERS YOU WILL LIKE THIS TOY . MY DOG CAN NOT DESTROY THIS AND BELIEVE ME , HE HAS DESTROYED ALMOST EVERY TOY THAT HE OWNS . HE EVEN SEEMS TO LIKE IT . HE DOES N'T LOVE IT , BUT HE DOES SEEM TO LIKE IT ! FOR HIM , THAT 'S SAYING A LOT !!!
 I do n't know what it is about the Galileo , but my American Bulldogs looooove it . They will actually fight over it . I do n't know whether its the shape or flavor or what . I usually get them Nylabones dura chews -LRB- as they are strong chewers -RRB- and this holds up about as well -LRB- though it is hard to gauge as they really chew this one so much more -RRB- . The biggest size is much larger than the second largest size , so despite the big price jump I still think its worth it .
 Our two pit mixes are relentless chewers and toys/chews dont last around them . We had our original Galileos a good 9 months -LRB- close to a year -RRB- before we needed to order new ones . I wont hesitate to order more , they are simply worth it . My pits get hours on hours of quality chewing in and they look in pretty good shape . if you have a dog who is an agressive chewer , this is the bone for you .
 My boxer loves these bones . They last for a long time and hold up to powerful chewing as stated . I will buy these again and again .
 Our Bulldogs LOVE this toy and so do we . First the shape is a great design it 's full of all sorts of curves and areas where your pooch can get a good hold and settle down to a long chew-fest . Easy to carry around even the goliath sized Souper presents no mobility problem for our 10 month old puppy.Our oldest a 95 pound 6 year old Old English Bull dog was practically weaned on this toy and he adores them . I ca n't even begin ti count how many we 've been through which should give you a good idea of how much our dogs love these . The material is n't the newer extra tough Nylabone - but it 's tough enough to hold up to Harley 's massive jaw strength and relentless , no merct chewing fests.Like all Nylabones we discard them when the ends fray . This is one of their best toys and an all time favorite .
 Have four labrador retrievers that are aggressive chewers and can disintegrate almost anything in a very short time of chewing on it . We 've bought these for the girls for the last 8 years and have found they love them and they satisfy their desire to chew . Just bought four more to fill their Christmas stockings for another year of chewing ... yes , a year , 'cause they definitely will last that long . Thanks NYLABONE for my and my fur kids favorite doggie product !
 Being a chewer my dog loved chewing on this bone over and over . Nylabones last a few weeks even a couple of months where no other toy lasts that long around our house .
 This is good for strong chewers . It seems a little heavy to me , heavier than it needs to be . But unlike something my dog can destroy or something like a filled bone , the Galileo seems to hold little attention for my lab .
 We have a running joke in our house that this is the naughty looking chew toy . However , it is one of the best we have found for our Mastiff ! It is not bad on her teeth , it is still in one piece , and it is still holding her interest .
 My pit bull loves this bone . . it seems to soothe his teeth and chewing needs . So far it seems to be holding up very well . He 's gnawed the ends but it has many , many more months left . I recommend it for large power chewers . The price was very fair AND it arrived super quick !
 This is an excellent bone for big dogs . This is the only bone I have found that can stand up to my dogs chewing . They are worth every penny !!
 My pitbull LOVES these Nylabones . She goes through the smaller ones in a matter of days ; but this one is large enough to keep her busy for months . I highly recommend
 We have a bullmastiff -LRB- 165 pounds -RRB- and he loves this Nylabone . It 's a strong bone and lasts a while . We 've bought this type of Nylabone many times .
 We have a English Mastiff that likes to chew our oak bannisters . Every other chew toy was destroyed and digested -LRB- which scared me -RRB- in half a day . These Galileo Bones truly last . I recommend for anyone desperate for a toy that they want to last more than one day !
 Got two Jack Russells here and my guys love these bones , almost better than marrow bones . They chew on them ALL the time and they rarely cut their mouths on these bones . For dogs that seem uninterested , it might be useful to ding them up a bit -LRB- drop them on the pavement a couple of times -RRB- to get them started . One of these -LRB- wolf size -RRB- will probably last a couple of years for my guys . They do leave tiny white pieces all over the floor though .
 My 4 month old puppy loves this toy , and i dont think he will ever destroy it , its very durable . fair warning if you have wood floors it is very loud ! It gets kinda annoying ! All in all a good toy , probably be much better with carpet.This was bought in July 2011 , and now October 2012 UPDATE ********* This bone is still going strong , i have a pitt/shepard mix who is 11/2 years and a boston terrier the same age . Who both play with it , and it barely has any wear.The noise is not an issue now they are older , so 5 star !
 This product is the only chew toy you should be giving your dogs . Have been using this for two dogs -LRB- 45 & 60lbs -RRB- . Lasts for months , cleans teeth well and no large pieces that come off and cause choking hazards or get stuck in carpeting . Always shop around for the best price . Highly recommended !!! The product looks darker in the photo ; it is more like a cream color .
 This is a great tough toy for dogs who like to chew - will be around our house for a long time
 I have a yellow lab puppy who loooves to chew . He has , to this point , not been able to destruct this bone !! He and his older dog friends all love it . It is mad of a very good material , is a great shape , and a wonderful toy .
 This bone IS the only chew bone that my lab can not destroy . I bought two just in case since she is a powerful chewer , but to my surprise , she is still enjoying the first one -- the design is great and we both love it !
 Once you get over the errr ... provocative shape you 'll find a heavy duty bone . This is the ONLY bone I will leave in her crate . She is a super chewer and has whittled down the tip of this to a point but it has not broken off as any large pieces . This bone is the safest bone we own . We have had it for 6 weeks now and it 's still going strong . I actually just bought a second one to keep in the kitchen . She has other nylabones -LRB- I only buy her the hard plastic ones and I always buy the biggest size available -RRB- but this is the only one I leave in her crate .
 These are great for dogs with high energy or aggressive chewers . They do n't break intoSmall pieces that could turn into choking hazards . Great bones . I have been buying theseFor years and will continue to buy them
 My dogs love these . I have a Pit-bull and a Weimaraner . Both are big chewers . The Pit-bull destroys every toy including Black Kong 's , but these last ~ 8 - 10 months before they are too small to safely let them play with . Keep them inside or dirt quickly embeds into the chewing surface .
 Our pit is an aggressive chewer . Large raw hide bones last an hour . The big knuckle bone from a ham lasted him 20 minutes . This thing has lasted him months . It gets nasty from time to time , so you might want to scrub it out with a toothbrush/scrub brush reserved for that use , but he loves it and carries it around with him everywhere .
 My 70-pound black lab was going through the wolf size bones in a week , and even the bigger Nylabones that are available at Walmart and similar places within two weeks . I 've been looking for something that I can give him to chew on that will last for quite a while . Because of the higher cost of this bone , I was hoping it would last at least a month . I was a little worried at first , because by the second day it already looked well-used , but now a month later it does n't look any different than it did then . He has also been able to get relatively large pieces off of all of the other bones that I have tried , but this one is shaped in a way that I do n't think he will be able to , even when he wears it down to a smaller size . I will definitely be buying more of these in the future -- but hopefully I wo n't need them too often !
 The product really work for my dog , it keep him occupied and also clean his teeth . I will defenitely get the product again .
 I orginally found this product after complaining to Nylabone . I had bought one of their ` Pit Bull Tested ' toys - some knobby thing - for my half pit bull mutt . He enjoyed the knobby thing but it was in tiny bits in under 5 minutes . I pulled the package out of the trash and emailed nylabone with a complaint . Much to my surprise they responded the next day and sent me the Galileo Souper bone at no charge . My dog loved it . Nylabone later paid my dog $ 25 to test a new and improved ` knobby ' product but it did n't last either . However the Galileos are great and we keep buying them . We get about 9-12 mos out of each one before they get down to plum size . They keep his teeth nice and clean too . The floor does tend to vibrate when he grasps it with his paws and start gnawing -LRB- wood floor over a crawl space -RRB- which is a little odd but does impress visitors : - -RRB-
 We 've had dogs that would n't have a thing to do with Nylabones , but what works great is early training . Start the puppy out on the puppy nylabones . Follow instructions and help the pup 's interest level by smearing some peanut butter on it , and so on.The first time we saw a Galileo Bone , we were mystified , but the sales clerk said he had one and it lasted years ! And guess what ? It did ! Our dog is over 8 years old now , and has two Galileo 's . He does n't chew on them constantly , but whenever he feels like it . It helps keep his molars free of tartar and satisfies his craving to chew.One of the bone 's 3 tips was getting chewed waaaay close to the stump and finally broke off . According to instructions , that 's the time to retire it and get a new one.I 've paid over $ 20 each for these and feel they were worth it at that price . Now they are almost half that . Good deal.Natural -LRB- real -RRB- bones are dangerous and rawhide chews can get stuck in the throat , swell in the stomach and even cause bowel impaction . Do n't use them . If you insist , supervise the dog so you can assist if the above problems happen . It has happened to us.But use Nylabones and do n't worry about it ! It may take some training at first , maybe not . If it does , it 's worth it .
 We have a half Rottweiler that is a very tough chewer . When he was a pup he destroyed nearly every toy we tried to give him . I was concerned that he would swallow something he should n't , so we had to take away the toys . Then we found the Galileo Nylabone and the black Kong toys . These were a blessing , as no matter how hard he would try , he could n't tear them up . The Galileo Nylabone is designed so that it just comes off in little shreds - nothing big to swallow . Our Rotty has been chewing them for nearly 10 years , and still likes them . He gets excited when we give him a new one .
 I found this on the floor and thought it was something my wife bought from Spencer 's . Now her and the dog are always fighting over who gets it more . I am happy too , I can just sit and watch football without being interrupted .
 My 70lb pitbull mix can chew through just about any toy . I dream of the day when I find him a soft chew toy that outlasts his jaws of steel , but for now , the only toy I found that lasts for a substantial amount of time is the Galileo Nylabone -LRB- Souper size -RRB- . He has two that he has been chewing on for about 2 years now and while he has certainly been able to chew away a bit of them , for the most part they are still intact . He actively searches out his Nylabone at least twice a day and chews on it for no less than 20 minutes at a time . The nice thing about this toy is that you NEVER find large chunks of it coming off while they play -- just as the company describes , nothing larger than a small grain of rice ever comes off during a chew period . Once in a while , to sterilize the toy and to add a little ` wow ' factor back into it , I boil it in a big pot of water containing a couple chix boullion cubes -- he LOVES this !!!
 I was told how great these bones are and I have to agree ! They are tough . A local dog day care uses them and said they last a long long time . As in maybe a year . They cost $ 25 at a local pet store and the chain pet stores do n't carry this size . So I was thrilled to find them online and the price was great too !
 This has become our english bulldog 's favorite toy . Everything else only lasted a couple of days and was money wasted.We just ordered the Wolf size which is a bit smaller . Both products are keeping her occupied . The price -LRB- s -RRB- here on Amazon for this item are far below what I would pay in the store ... even with shipping .
 This is the best bone/best toy investment I have made for my dogs . I have an 11 month old airedale mix puppy and my boyfriend 's dog , a chocolate lab / german shorthaired pointer mix that is almost four and they are constant chewers - they love and destroy almost every other bone , but these are awesome . After my puppy went though some of the other nylabones , I decided to spend the money and get the galileo - it was completely worth it . She has had one bone four about five months and its not completely dead yet - I bought another one and the largest size for my other dog - they love them . These are not light chewers . The larger dog can make mince meat of a frozen beef rib bone in under five minutes , and my puppy has only been beaten by this bone , and one of the other ` souper ' nylabone chews . They carry around and chew on them for at least a half hour every day , and these bones can take it ! Definitely keeps their teeth clean and their breath fresh .
 Our dogs both love these bones . We have Golden Retrievers and they can chew through almost anything . This is the only bone our dogs can not bite into pieces and swallow . It does wear down the teeth , but our vet said thier teeth look great , other than being a little shorter . I would highly recommend this bone , but only for powerful chewers/larger dogs .
 We have two &#34; avid chewer &#34; dogs . These bones hold up the longest , compared to other nylabone products . Our dogs LOVE these bones !
 Dog carried this everywhere he went . This is the hardest bone he has had , not a scratch over past several days , impressive . Update - after full month of hauling this around and daily nawing my brothers dog has yet to put a dent in this thing ...
 This is the third or fourth bone i get my dog ... he loves them ... he takes it everywhere he goes . He usually chews little tiny shavings off until it become less than half it 's normal size and then i toss them ... his teeth are super clean as well ...
 I bought one of these for my dog , Phantom , about a year ago . When we got another dog , Pandora , I noticed that they would frequently fight over this Galileo . I finally sucked it up and bought two brand new ones . They LOVE these . They last forever -LRB- we still have the old one -RRB- and they have a ball with them . Our old one has been buried , dug up , washed , dragged everywhere and chewed on by some SERIOUS power chewers -LRB- who have ripped through nearly everything ! -RRB- . I highly recommend this -LRB- and most other Nylabone products -RRB- to anyone with power chewers !
 Gives our dog many hours of happy chewing , he keeps going back to it , although he has many other toys
 My 3 dogs take turns gnawing on this hugh bone . It beats buying mega rubber toys and having them destroyed within minutes . It is hard plastic , does not stain carpets and it also helps keep their teeth clean . Great buy !
 Purchased many times before for our five German Shepherd Dogs . Great product , good price and was delivered as promised . Will definately come again .
 I have a half Australian shepherd/half Labrador dog who has torn through every toy we give him within hours . I was scrambling for ideas when the guy at the local pet store told me about nylabones ! At the time , I just bought the little Galileo , to see how my pup would do with it . Three months later at Christmas he still had n't destroyed it ! So we got the big Galileo and the Big Chew for him . 11 months later he still has all three and I think we will be adding a new toy to our collection this Christmas . Thanks Nylabone for making this great product !!
 Another great powerful chewer dog toy from Nylabone ! They try but they can not destroy these TOUGH dog chew bones ! There are very few things out there that I can buy knowing they will last for some time .
 I have come to not expect much from dog toys , but friends recommended this after hearing me complain that my little boxer mix destroys her toys in about 5 min after we buy ; including the invincible ones . This one has lasted at least one month ! Warning it does get sharp ! And looks a little perverse .
 My english bulldog that loses intrest in toys in about 10 mins . ca n't put this toy down ! She loves it so much she has to take breaks to breath . I have never seen her like this with a toy and I am so happy I bought this .
 I have three large mixed breed dogs who are extremely powerful chewers and after much trial and error , I would never buy any other brand except Nylabone . Nothing else lasts as long and occupies them as Nylabone does . They always fight over this one in particular - perhaps they like it because it is much larger than all their other Nylabones . This is definitely the largest one I have seen , so I would only recommend this for someone with a large dog . I would recommend anything Nylabone if you want your dogs to chew a toy instead of your furniture !
 I adopted my Yellow Lab , Colby Jack , in October of 2007 . A Galileo Bone came with him and it has by far been his favorite toy . He has had it since Spring 2006 and by Fall 2011 he had managed to chew on the t-bone side down to what looked like a hatchet blade . In Novemeber , we adopted a 6 year old Pit Bull , Kratos , and he to has fallen in love with this bone , so much I just ordered 2 more in hopes that they will last as long as the first one has . Considering we are on year 6 of the original Galileo Bone , I HIGHLY recommened these bones for active chewers .
 My dogs love the Nylabone products . They have a toy box full of them and never get tired of chewing on them ! I have watched the dogs chew on the nylabone and this style is easy for their paws to hold on to and chew . The only problem I have with this one I wish it was bigger . I have 2 Greyhounds and it would be nice if it was a little bigger .
 I have two Rhodesian Ridgeback puppies -LRB- 5mo & 10mo -RRB- and they LOVE the Galileo Bone in the `` Souper '' size . They grab it with their two front paws and will knaw on it for a half hour straight . It seems like it will last for a long time and the more they chew it , the more they enjoy it . It does n't make a mess when they 're chewing , the ends fray into something like tooth brush scrubbers , but do n't break off . I do n't think the 5mo old would enjoy it as much if the 10mo old had n't already started chewing it to create these scrubbers . It 's probably best for dogs that have their adult teeth grown in . It would be too tough for the little one to knaw into a brand new one . I 'm ordering a second one so they do n't have to share it anymore ! : -RRB-
 If you have a pit bull you know that you ca n't really give them any old bone and expect it to last for more than thirty seconds ... Galileo bones are amazing !! They will wear down over time but they do not break into pieces so you dont have to worry about your doggy choking or getting it lodged in their throat . I know that they are pricey but they are well worth the investment .
 When I first opened this package I was disappointed as it is nothing like the other `` bone '' I have for my dogs to chew . This is a very hard plastic and not all rubbery . Being such a hard plastic , I was sure that none of the dogs would enjoy it at all . I put peanut butter on it hoping that would at least get them to realize it was something for their mouths and handed it to our 6 month old Pitbull . She licked the peanut butter off then went back to the old bone . When my son took her to bed , he took the bone too . The next morning I found the bone back in the living room and it had been gnawed on enthusiastically . She loves it ! She 's put hours in on it and it 's nowhere near being chewed up yet - just chewed on . Now when the yellow lab takes the kong and the chocolate lab takes the rubber bone , she has her own -LRB- very phallic looking -RRB- toy .
 My dogs chew up black walnuts like popcorn . They can go through a cow femur in 30 minutes . The Galileo bone is the first chew that lasts . Highest recommendation !
 This is a great toy for heavy chewers . I have a pit bull mix who has played with this toy for over a month now , and it is still in good condition . I did n't see how this large plastic object would be appealing to my dog , so I had peanut butter ready just in case . However , I did n't need it , as he chewed on it for a good hour the first time I gave it to him . He still chews on it from time to time , and aside from small particles that he chews off , the whole toy is still intact . I highly recommend this toy . I also suggest taking it away from your dog for a period of time so that when you give it back to him , he will still be excited to play with it .
 Solidly made , good for dogs with a history of easily destroying toys . My dog prefers his regular nylabone more than the Galileo but this one is definately more bullet-proof . The most indestructible toy we 've owned ... and that 's saying something .
 I have bought my dog 2 smaller nyla bones that were good but this one is far better . The dog -LRB- boxer mix -RRB- chewed through the other ones in about a month . It has been a month already and this one is still in good shape . He loves it .
 We have 2 huge dogs that are still considered `` puppies '' - an 11 month old American Bulldog -LRB- the hybrid breed -RRB- and a year old Rottweiler . We purchased this product last month , they chew on these things daily -LRB- I bought 2 of them -RRB- , and there is still only teeth marks . They have managed to wear down one of the nubs on one of the bones but these things I 'm predicting will last another 3-6 months if not longer . My rottie especially loves his galileo nylabone . Before , they flew through other products like rawhides in minutes . They chew on these things while we are sleeping , watching a movie , eating , etc. - great distraction for having guests or doing other non-doggie activities ! I highly recommend these to anyone with dogs !
 These dog bones are the best you can buy . They last a really long time and every dog loves them .
 Though this is not my dog 's favorite chew , I am still giving it a 5-star rating because it is quite solid and has held up to her chewing over the past 4 months . Those of you living in apartments with hardwood floors should be aware that if the dog drops this toy , it will make a very loud ` thud ' noise on the floor , which may anger those living below you . Though my dog does not turn to this toy first , I have seen pictures of this toy after 12 months of abuse from `` power-chewers '' and was amazed at how well these toys held up to powerful pit bull jaws , which is why I am giving this 5 stars . My dog prefers longer and thinner chew-toys , which might be why this is not the first toy she picks , however , she does not ignore it and it does get a fair amount of use . I would not purchase again , as this is not one of her favorites , but I do encourage people to try it out with their dogs .
 We have a 9 month old Shep mix puppy who destroys virtually any toy he has . Within 5 minutes of getting a new toy , its in shreds or pieces , even the `` made for powerful chewers '' toys ! We have had 2 Galileo bones for a couple of months now , and he has gnawed down the ends , but there is still plenty left to keep chewing on . They have held up when no other toy has -LRB- including 2 couches and several pairs of shoes ... -RRB- I 'm grateful to have found this product because nothing else has been able to withstand this boy 's jaws ! Highly recommend !!!
 When I first got this toy I thought it was just a big piece of plastic that my dog would n't touch . My two year old lab proved me wrong . She loves it . This is the longest lasting toy she has had . There are some teeth marks on it and that 's it . She sits for hours and just chews on it . The only thing that stinks is that little white flakes come off but can easily be vacuumed up . All in all I would definetly recommend this product for anyone who has a big chewer .
 My aussie cattle dog puppy loves it , and it is the only item yet that she has enjoyed chewing on that was n't destroyed in a few hours . Word of warning , though
 We bought a Galileo for our Lab/Golden mix when she was about 1 year old . She loved that bone and it lasted for several years until it was misplaced while traveling . We bought her another one and she has had it for 8 years !! It 's still in good shape and when it gets too messy , I toss it in the dishwasher -LRB- without soap -RRB- and wash it along with the dog bowls and other toys and they come out clean and ready to use again.I 'm amazed at clueless dog owners who give their dogs stupid things to chew like old towels or old shoes or those horrible pigs ears and jerky chews . Dogs ca n't distinguish old shoes from new or an old towel from your cashmere sweater . It 's like giving a human toddler a `` toy '' screw driver and electric socket set so they can practice sticking them together and then being surprised and upset when they use the real screwdriver in your wall socket.This Galileo should be a required purchase for anyone with a dog over 50 pounds . It entertains them , satifies their need to chew and it will save your furniture , your carpet , and you sanity . Get one for your friends with the problem chewing big dog . They will thank you .
 My dog has allergies to beef , pork , lamb , rabbit , duck , and venison . It does n't leave him many choices . He was on a fish and potato food I got at the vet 's -- from Eukanuba F/P -- and I used to just buy the Wellness when I could n't get to the vet and needed food . But , I have decided to stick with it . He loves it . And , since my dog has severe sensitivities to food -- I do n't have to worry about the mysterious `` animal fat '' listed on the ingredients of the other `` vet '' food . He seems to have a healthier coat with Wellness as well . Highly recommended !
 I have 2 dogs , a border collie and a german shepherd/golden retriever mix . I started feeding them this food when my Aunt reccomended it . Let me tell you , my dogs barely shed anymore ! I used to have tumble weeds of dog hair swirling around my wood floors , no more ! It 's the omega 3 & 6 that does it . Aside from the healthier coat , they also have smaller bowel movements , this is because there is little to no filler in the food . The dogs are able to use digest all of the food . Unlike most dog food , there is no corn meal . I highly reccomend the Wellness brand .
 For most of her sweet little puppyhood , my -LRB- now three-year old -RRB- Lab had what seemed to be a chronic case of that icky reddish-brown ear gunk and was very uncomfortable . We had to clean her ears several times a week and though she was very brave about it , I know it hurt . We had her on SD puppy kibble , so my vet suggested we go to Wellness sweet potato and whitefish . It has been amazing . Cleared it right within a couple of weeks and has n't come back ever . We kept my old Lab -LRB- and this one too -RRB- off anything with yeast in it , which helped a little , but nothing like this . I wish I had known about this for my old girl . The cost might be a bit more than some of the others , but no cheaper than what we had been using , and no more medicine or vet bills . If it 's about money , spend a bit more on prevention and save on vet bills . But it really is n't about the money , is it?And while you are treating your pup right , do n't forget to make a pet disaster kit with food , water , treats , medications , toys , a crate , and most importantly , rabies and other vaccination paperwork . If you evacuate , take them with you . Sorry - just had to put in a plug for pet preparedness !
 My pets LOVE this food -LRB- so do I -RRB- . Our lab has had terrible allergy problems her whole life , we tried so many different kinds of food until we found Wellness . We 've been feeding her Wellness F/P for 2 years now and no hot spots or ear infections since we started her on this food.This is the best stuff , it 's expensive but it 's cheaper than paying vet bills every couple months . Plus I love that I can pronounce all the ingredients , no weird stuff . My cats love the Wellness cat food as well.I would highly recommend all Wellness products , even if your pets do n't have allergies .
 Pet guardians , please take the time to educate yourselves on what goes into your pet 's food . That initiative will give them the gift of a longer , healthier life , eliminate many chronic health issues that pets face , save you money in vet bills in the long run ... the list of benefits goes on and on.I have done extensive research on canine and feline nutrition and I highly recommend , if you are going to feed commercial food , Welless , California Naturals or Innova . For a great complete meal , I give my dogs all one of those dry foods mixed with a little bit of canned from the same brands , water for hydration , a touch of a good quality essential oil -LRB- such as olive , flax , etc. -RRB- , a touch of powdered kelp and alfalfa , a splash of organic apple cider vinegar , Prozyme digestive enzymes to unlock the nutrients in all that good food and top with a dollop of plain yogurt . It sounds like a lot , but it takes me less than 5 minutes to assemble the meals for 6 dogs - and they are ridiculously healthy an full of energy , even our 3 seniors who are 11 , 12 and 13 . I have two seniors with heart murmurs and at our most recent vet check , my dog with the worst heart murmur , a 12 year old beagle that I love desperately , had a 2-grade improvement in condition severity - that is HUGE . Good nutrition makes all the difference and , as an added bonus , I have yet to meet a dog that does n't like it !
 Great dog food and one that all my canines really enjoy . The service was very good . Product was delivered well and packaged to assure that it came with no damage . I will definitely order again when needed .
 I started my dogs -LRB- one sheppard and one rotty -RRB- on Wellness Fish and Sweet Potato about a year or so ago when my Rotty got a urinary tract infection that just would n't go away . I had noticed that my Sheppard had this rash on her belly as well , and thought it was too much of a coincidence that both dogs were having trouble with a food that I had switched to because it was supposed to be `` healthier '' . The owner of the feed store that I buy my dogs treats at suggested that the Wellness might be something I might want to try . I had spent so much money as it was trying to get rid of the Rotty 's UTI that I was willing to try anything . So when the pet food scares came out with all the recalls involving the contaminated wheat gluten , I was immensely relieved to know that Wellness did n't put any of that kind of ingredient in their food , and I had seen the name of my other food that I was feeding them on the list , so thank you Wellness for keeping my babies safe and healthy ! I 'll stick with it through any other pets we may get in the future , even though the price is a little steep ... it 's worth it to me to keep my babies healthy and happy !!! Absolutely NO REGRETS !!!
 We bought this for our Cockapoo puppy . She loves it and I feel happy knowing it is not going to fall apart and become a hazard .
 So far , my toy poodle puppy loves to play with these Pet Stages toys & they have held up to much puppy play !
 My dog loves to play fetch with this toy . The plastic rubber is sturdy but the strings do get worn out . Overall , I think this is a great toy and keeps my dog entertained .
 Our Maltese loves chewing on the strings and untying them so we need to tie them back . Otherwise , the string and plastic pieces still look good after 1 month of chewing . The size is perfect for our 7lb puppy .
 I bought several of the `` Mini '' toys for my 12 week old toy puppy . He loves them and they have stood up very well .
 I bought several of these toys for different stages of chewing , and they do hold up . Although I agree with the prior reviews on removng the ties . the sew canvas strips come undone quickly on the mini-chew bone . Additionally on the mini bone , the end having the hole for the ties is easily broken off by puppy 's chewing . Watch for that also . What I do like is the texture . Several years ago , a hard Nylobone broke one of my adult dog 's molars and until now , I have been giving nothing but rope bones to chew on . Now I feel I have an option with my new pup to provide a safer chewing toy and to satisfy his urge to chew . I still monitor both the adult and pup when chewing on the toys , but so far no problems .
 The puppy has lost interest in this as she has grown . At 8 mos , she does n't play with it as much , but when she was teething she would fall asleep with it in her mouth . The knots can come untied but never the cloth strings never untied from the main mass , so nothing was swallowed . I just tied the end knots again , no big deal . The blue plasticy part is really tough , survived razor sharp puppy teeth with no cracking or bits coming off . It is rather small , I can see larger dogs chewing right through it . It 's great for puppies or smaller dogs . She likes to play fetch with it now . It 's currently sitting on her bed in the living room , so I know she played with it today .
 My little Shipoo puppy simply loves this toy as well as other products by PetStages . I have bought multiples just in case one were to get lost while traveling . Great stuff PetStages ! Amd the service from Little River Pet Shoppe was fantastic ! Thank you
 I have a cavalier who is an incredibly picky eater , and who has a skin condition that puts him on a limited ingredients diet . He goes BONKERS over this food . I 've never seen him so excited to eat anything , ever . It looks like your stereotypical mushy , canned dog food , but if my dog 's reaction stands for anything , then this might just be the best dog food ever .
 We have 3 poodles who needed to change from their low residue diets to something else . Their liver counts were high and the vet recommend trying Wellness Duck and Sweet Potato . After making the gradual change -LRB- take at least 10 days to completely change to a new dog food . Start with 1 teaspoon a day for 3 days ... then add a bit more until about day 10 when they can have their new food permanently . If you change to a new food too fast the animal -LRB- s -RRB- will have -LRB- sometimes very severe -RRB- vomiting and diarrhea , so be patient and start small and slow -RRB- . Our little poodles liver counts are within normal range now and they LOVE this food . They are excited about their meals now and everyone is happy . We give it Paws Up .
 I have a very large blue macaw and an African gray parrot . I was looking for a nutritional pellet that they would both like and decided to try the Rainbox Chunky . It has been their daily pellet for over 2 years now . They also get seeds and fresh fruit . They are such different size , it 's been difficult to find common food for them , but this is the first thing I 've tried that they both love . The macaw goes after the brighter colors , but the African gray just devours the whole bowl . I always say `` they vote with their beaks '' and my birds love this stuff ! They go through about 2 pounds a month . I 've had the birds for 12 years and have tried many pellets in the past . Many they would n't eat at all ! I discovered the 20 lb bag online and have been ordering it this way since .
 While the food is wonderful and my birds all love kaytee rainbow the chunky version was just to big for them and the wasted several pieces . They also were more picky with the chunky than just plan parrot size . I would suggest Kaytee rainbow for any bird lover but I believe the chunky is too big for sun and green cheek conures.Purchased by mistake at pet store . Check label carefully . Looks exactly like regular size parrot food bag .
 This has got a little of everything in it and my blue & gold macaw seems to enjoy it ... the rest winds up on the floor . Only complaint is the price ... it 's almost $ 80 now for a 20 pound back . Sure that includes shipping but , it 's getting a bit too expensive .
 My blue & gold macaw loves this stuff - it 's his favorite food for his pellet diet . He 's very healthy , and has excellent color and will be 15 yrs old in a few weeks . I 've tried other pellet food for him , but this is the one that he prefers .
 My Macaw , Bobbye Bird enjoys the flavors , I enjoy the ease of feeding an no seed hull mess . Bobbye is thriving on it I will reorder
 A very high quality pellet food , the only one my parrots will eat . My two African Grey 's LOVE these pellets and frankly I was surprised they started eating it.To make a more affordable but still high quality food I mix these with `` Kaytee Fiesta Max Food Parrot 25 lb '' and these `` Kaytee Supreme Food - Parrot - 25 lbs '' for a total of 70 pounds . I stored them in 5 gallon buckets using this lid system `` http://www.amazon.com/gp/product/B005W31TX2/ref=oh_details_o06_s00_i01 '' and these food safe liners `` http://www.amazon.com/gp/product/B001Y0Y8C6/ref=oh_details_o03_s01_i01http://www.amazon.com/gp/product/B001Y0Y8C6/ref=oh_details_o03_s01_i01 '' using the included water absorbers.It seems like a lot of work but the end result is 70 pounds of a very high quality seed , pellet , fruit , and vitamin mix which seems ideal for their nutrition . Of course I supplement their diet with daily fresh fruits and veggies and pastas . . but if I must be gone for a few weeks and their minder can only feed them dry food . . then I 'll feel good knowing they 're getting all the nutrition they need and a lot of the taste and quality they want .
 Great ingredients although , chicken should have been 1st rather than chicken broth , the only thing I do not think belongs in it is Canola oil . Canola or rapeseed is not someting a dog would ever find in nature and if it did find rapeseed in nature and eat it , it would poison them . Today 's Food industries have convinced the masses that Canola oil is a safe and even better oil than olive or virgin coconut , facts though say otherwise . Until the late 70 's it was poisonous until they figured out a way to fix that . I still like it but it could be better .
 The only issue I have and very frustrated is several cans come damaged , The strange thing is the package comes intact without no damages . Several cans inside are damaged which tends to make me believe thety were damaged prior to boximg for shipment . I pay good money and expect good product .
 I love , love , love Wellness products and I 'm happy to get this at a great price plus free shipping right to my door - saves me a trip to the pet store . The product arrived in great shape .
 I have had my chocolate lab on this food for 3 years . Before that she was on the Mother Hubbard which was made by the same company . I noticed that she had a loose stool all the time so my Vet recommended Senior food ... of course they want you to buy the one that they sell but I did some research and put her on the Wellness Senior . We have no problem with her stool and I add a little white rice and pumpkin for her digestion ... read alot about the benefits of pumpkin . SHe used to be on a mixture of dry and wet but had some smelly gas ... once I took her off the dry food and put her on strictly wet she is fine . She will be turning 12 this year and still acts like a `` pup '' . Hope this helps you in deciding about this food ... : -RRB-
 I do n't think any dog will love the taste , but this food seems to maintain good health and solid , consistent stool in my senior dog . To make it more palatable , I garnish it with salmon fish oil made for pets , boiled eggs and other treats .
 My dog is pretty senstive to certain foods . So I tried this out and not only did he eat it all but he did n't have any issues afterwards . It 's made with quality ingredients so I know he 's getting the best .
 My 12 year old Golden/Lab mix loves it . She was on Wellness dry until her teeth started getting sensitive . At her age she needs nutritious food to keep her healthy , not all the fillers that are in the cheep dog food . I use Wellness for all my pets diets .
 I still have n't found the right treat to use with this product , but I adapted . My dog seems to like it . It keeps her busy for a while . Seems resistant .
 I have one for my adult dog -LRB- the larger version -RRB- and my dog loves it . We fill it up for him every night and it keeps him busy for hours . My puppy destroyed this toy -LRB- small version -RRB- in less than a day with those sharp puppy teeth so beware .
 My dog LOVES to chew , tear apart , and throw her toys around so , be bought her this for her first birthday . After five years , the toy is still -LRB- miraculously -RRB- in one peace -LRB- the only thing wrong with it is that two of the sides have worn down to almost nothing -RRB- and is the only surviving toy from her puppy teething years.If you have a dog that loves to toss toys around and chew , I could n't recommend this more .
 Usage notes
 I 've never written a review on Amazon , but this is seriously the best dog toy we 've ever purchased . I bought it at PetsMart but see that they are cheaper online . The rope was gone in a day , but the blue plastic has survived for months . My only complaint is that there is no handle for playing with the dog . It is unpredictable when it bounces , which the dog likes . It is heavy though , so do n't throw it too far in the house!BUY THIS TOY if you have a dog that demolishes other `` industructable '' toys . This one will last .
 I have used other brands and other Simple Solution wee pads and these -LRB- Simple Solution Ultra Thin -RRB- are the first that truly never leak . The blue edge band also stops pee run-off the best for when my dog squats close to the edge . My 5 pound dog came to us as an adult trained to wee pads and I love not having to come home at a certain time to let her out . These also seem best at eliminating urine odor ; we do n't have to change them every time there 's pee on it . I will never use another brand as long as these are available ! -LRB- As of 7/08 Amazon offers this same package for $ 30.99 with free super saver shipping . -RRB-
 This brush is soft and great fot short-hair dogs . Bulldogs love it . It may be even too soft for dogs with long hair . But for me , my pets love it .
 My miniature schnauzer loves this toy . Seems very durable and she loves throw it around .
 We have a Mastiff and 2 tiny dogs . They love this toy and spend hours tugging and shaking it . They even tug it with the Mastiff . Very sturdy ! LOL
 My puppy loves this toy ! She will put her snout through it and toss the balls over her head , chew the balls , pick it up and prance around with it . It is one of her favorite toys next to the Pedigree Dentabone . I can even toss it and she will chase after it . I think she also likes the crinkle sounds it makes . Price might be cheaper at Petsmart/Petco . UPDATE : My puppy has managed to chew off all the individual balls ... but loves playing with them in her mouth . They are also soft and easy to throw for a game of fetch . This is the toy that just keeps giving and giving ...
 My Boxer pup loves the crackling sound this toy makes when he plays with it . It 's very well made . He 's a heavy biter , and has not been able to tear it apart . My only complaint is that the toy is a little smaller than I had expected . It 's probably best for a small dog or a large puppy .
 Our puppy loves this toy ! He will lie on his back with the ring in his paws and mouth the dangling parts .
 This is tiny but a great toy for keeping the pup occupied . I gave it as a Christmas present in the stocking .
 I do n't get it ! We have a tough chewer that even destroys tough Kong products , but this favorite toy just keeps hanging around . We have had the first one for over a year and I bought this one to have in reserve . Yes , most dogs would probably shred it in an hour but our beast loves it and still chews on it very hard . Go figure ...
 My puppy loved this . It is just the right size for him . He is yorkie puppy that is 4 months old . It was a pleasant surprise that two of the balls have a rattle in there . Its the blue and yellow balls . Every time i try and put it up he goes and pulls it from his toy box and shakes it all around . He even tries to take it outside when its time for him to go to the bathroom . Like i said one of his best toys ever , and perfect for small dogs . Matter of fact he loved it so much I had to get more toys from this company cause they are just the right size for him . Like i go to pet smart and Wal-Mart and the toys there are so big , but this brand is just the right size for him .
 it seems to have more appeal to me than my dog ! She liked the rope ball better . -LRB- lab pointer mix . -RRB-
 The Oasis Standard Holdguard is the only water bottle holder on the market that protects the tip end of the water bottle when the bottle is suspended in the cage with the animals . This is especially true when using a water bottle with rodents such as rats and mice . With any other water bottle holder , the plastic water bottle around the tip end is exposed to the gnawing teeth of the small animals as they drink . Just one chew with the tiniest of a hole is all it takes to ruin the water bottle and wet the cage bedding .
 I have a Congo African Grey . She came to us on an unsuitable seed diet , we worked so hard to get her onto a healthier pellet diet until we tried the Roudybush pellets . She did n't fight us , throw her food out of her dish , just ate ! She loves them and I love that I 'm giving her a nutritionally balanced diet without artificial colors , flavors , or unnecessary sugar !
 I have used this food for over 7 years with good result . My birds eat it daily along with plant foods and nuts . But ultimately I depend on roudy bush to keep my birds healthy as it is a balance pelleted food . I have birds as large as a macaw and as small as monk parakeet . I recommend this food to all parrot owners . The food comes in small crumbles to large . The delivery was very quick .
 My Quaker -LRB- Corky -RRB- had one of those parakeet abdominal fatty tumors that parakeets tend to get . I thought she was egg bound but the vet said ` no ' . I changed her food to Roudybush and the tumor went away and has n't been back in 5 years . Thank-you Roudybush ! Corky hatched May 24,1992 Today 's date Jan. 3,2012
 We have 4 birds that all love the stuff . -LRB- African Grey Tim , Blue Quaker , Green Cheek Conure , and Sun Conure -RRB- , All of them were on seed and fruit pellet diets when we got them . Upon arrival they were only given ROwdybuch in their food bowls and closely monitored to make sure they were n't starving . Within 24 hours all of them were eating it like they were weaned on the stuff . We supplement with daily breakfast of fruits and nuts and other goodies but their primary diet is Rowdybush maitenence small pellet . My daughter 's parakeet eats the crumbs the other birds leave in their bowls . I have yet to see a bird that wo n't eat it and the vet recommends it also , definitely a no brainer !
 My african grey will only eat Roudybush . He is very picky and loves this stuff plus it really is better for him than the seed diet . This is the only bird food we will trust . He gets his share of fresh diet but pellets by roudybush is where what we stick with .
 Nutritious , and one of the most respected -LRB- along with Harrison 's -RRB- . This is a very palatable healthy pellet , and while others may be easier to switch to this tops the list as being not only healthy but fresh and highly palatable . Birds that disdain other healthy pellets seem to take to Roudybush .
 It 's a sturdy toy with a fun way to give a dog snacks . Too bad our dog is either too dumb or lazy to try to get the snacks . But she still likes playing fetch with it . Our dog is a big chewer and this toy is sturdy enough to last .
 Our english springers , who LOVE to destroy standard squeaky toys , plush animals , etc , are crazy about Kong products . We usually get the cone shaped versions , but these are a lot more heavy duty and they gnaw on them all day long . We never have to worry about putting treats inside either . Thanks KONG !
 We purchased this dental Kong version as an alternative to our dog 's regular Kong toy . We stuff either this or one of the other Kong 's for him each day and give it to him when we leave for work . The large size is perfect for our 60 lb . American bulldog/lab mix . He will get it to play with and chew at other times of the day . So far , after two months , it has n't worn out or fallen apart . He seems to enjoy it just as much as his regular Kongs . It favorably compares to other Kong products and it 's a good value for the price .
 This dog toy is a GREAT chew toy . I have a great dane who chews up ` indestructable ' chew toys in 30 minutes or less . This toy , however , has lasted well over a month , and I see more chewing in it 's future . It bounces , so it 's great for throwing at playtime . In fact , I 'm comfortable leaving this chew toy with him all day while I 'm at work - it 's just that durable !
 My 70 lb giant schnauzer mix usually destroys toys within a couple days . The XL Kong has held up to him and been a very good purchase .
 Good priceThese kong products do not breakI have three medium size dogsThey enjoy playing with them.Good buy
 my pit bull loves this toy ! durable of course he chews pieces off of it and i throw them out - 1/2 of the toy is left tho and he still loves chewing it and playing catch w / it
 My ferocious terrier mutt can and will destroy any dog toy within minutes , nay , seconds ! Until Kong came to town ! The incessant biting , chewing , gnawing & growling have little to no effect upon this toy !! He does go thru about 1 every 2 years or so , but when compared to any other toy which ca n't last a day , that 's rather amazing ! Thanks , Kong , from me and my furry fury buddy !!!
 Amazon has the best prices on these , some about 1/3 of Petsmart price for same product.we have 2 yellow labs and they love it , younger 1.5 year old pup chews on it all the time . Great .
 We have n't figured out what kind of treats to put in this one . Everything we 've tried falls right out , but it is well made .
 this product came just like described . i was very satisfied with the speed which i received this item . i recommend this to anyone .
 The best Kong item I 've bought so far . We have an extreme chewer , He killed the black kong in a few weeks . It 's been over a month and so far , so good . It 's big enough that he ca n't bare down with all of his strength .
 This will be my dog 's 4th Dental Kong Toy and I have been buying them for her for a while now . The ridges on the Kong are not as durable as other types of smooth Kong 's but I think the ridges help keep her teeth cleaner . She plays with this toy everyday and she jumps up and down everytime it 's Kong time .
 I have a golden doodle . He is a monster -LRB- in size only -RRB- . He loves this toy and with a biscuit inside this provides him with stimulation and hopefully some good tooth cleaning action .
 I got this for my super chewer of a dog - he loves it ! It does n't really interest him unless it 's stuffed with goodies though , tennis balls are still his # 1 !
 My dog has incredibly strong teeth and loves to chew rubbery toys - to the point of destruction . The Kong toys are the only ones that can weather his chewing ... and this one is particularly strong . The grooves in the rubber seem to feel really good on his teeth because this is one of his favorites - he will go to his toy box and pick this toy up first most of the time , and just sit and gnaw happily on it .
 wonderful toy to keep your dog entertained . We fill ours with food for our puppy when we will be gone for long periods of time . He loves it !
 Kongs are the best in the business . For a large dog , you ca n't go wrong . It 's definitly worth the couple extra bucks for a toy they just ca n't ruin - and believe me they try .
 Our chocolate lab can destroy any toy in one hour or less . But not this one ! It has held up great thru hours of chewing and nawing . It 's even better with peanut butter stuffing in it . It keeps our lab occupied for hours . But put your toy with the stuffing in the freezer for an hour or two . That way the stuffing lasts longer and you do n't get a mess from in coming out too soon .
 I have a Boarder Collie & a Boarder Collie/Lab mix . Both are heavy chewers and will destroy most toys within a few days . KONG toys are the only ones they ca n't destroy . I bought this one to have as an alternative to the other KONG toy we have . This WILL last for your dogs .
 He chews through everything but this toy has been great . It holds up with a very agrresive lab pup and he loves it . Playing fetch is great fun with this one too .
 Kong makes the best chewable toys ever . Got this big one by mistake but my little doxie takes it on likes hes a big dog . He just luvs it at night as I stuff it in the morning with raw veggies with an added treat hidden inside , put into the freezer . He will tell you when its time for his frozen treatie after our dinner . Kong is King !
 Our Doberman LOVES this toy . He grabbed it and ran off with it as soon as I took it out of the box and handed it to him ! It is very durable . He chews through almost every toy we give him and he wo n't ever be able to chew through this . It is pretty big . I probably could have bought him the Large but the Extra Large is fun for him . He is 65 lbs to give you an idea .
 Our 5 month old Weimaraner loves this - to chew on , to fetch and to play tug of war with when we run a rope or some old socks through it .
 My lab has been able to chew through most anything , but not this chew toy . He loves playing fetch with it too .
 My dog gets a little bored with this but I put peanut butter in it and freeze overnight and its a good treat . Plus , he is a heavy chewer and has not destroyed it yet .
 This product is great my pet really enjoys it and it a great way for him to get exercise . It does n't seem to get damamged being outside or with him chewing on it all the time .
 I have an APBT who has chewed through EVERY single toy we have given her , including the regular Kong 's . This is the ONLY toy that she has not chewed apart . LOVE IT LOVE IT LOVE IT !!!!
 This is a good product . Durable . I was n't able to find a suitable snack for it yet to have it fit perfectly , but my dog still likes to chase it and chew on it , and so far this is the only toy that was n't destroyed in 1 day .
 My dog likes to chew on this toy but does n't really like anything put in it so I 'm disappointed with that aspect of it . I could have just got a regular chew toy . It 's held up nicely to a pitbull 's jaw .
 I have a German Shepherd and she tears up all other toys except the Kong . I love that they have this in extra large for her and that I get a few months out of it before it 's shredded . Great product wish they had more shapes . Kong Ball is another favorite .
 Our dog has had this toy for a couple of weeks . He 's pretty tough on toys , but this one is holding up great . And , he loved it from day one . Great product !!!
 We are very lucky in that our 80 lb lab only chews on his toys in the house . The problem with a stronger chewer is that he can destroy the wimpy and the not so wimpy toys in minutes.We needed something to give our dog part of his meal or treats in the mornings during the work week or when we going out over six hours . We needed to trust that after the food was gone , he would not destroy the toy that the food or treats were in . This toy has lasted over a year in our home . This is a replacement purchase because the last was cruddy and not so nice looking , it was not destroyed.I have no complaints . It `` s a dog toy , he likes to play with it and it lasts . My dog could continue to play with the old one , I just did not want it in the house anymore . It is one of the outside toys now
 I have a doberman and kong toys are the only thing that last . Other toys last only days , but kong toys last for years .
 my best friend loves it ! she has this toy all over the house . it is tough and very durable . i have already purchased her another KONG toy . she highly recommends !
 We are very happy with the Kong brand of products . We have a heavy chewing wiredhair pointer and these kongs will last 5 to 6 months before we have to replace them . A great way to help with his boredom .
 I 've a dog that chews most toys to bits . I love Kong products . The extra large black kong is his favorite toy , this new dental kong comes in 2nd . I made a mistake with the frisbee , I left it with him for a few minutes alone and he put holes in it . I like it more than other frisbee toys as the rubber is better on his teeth . I just have to be more attentive when using it .
 I ordered this bed for my boxer -LRB- who weighs 55lbs -RRB- ... although the bed is true to the picture and description , I was disappointed that the bottom of the bed was n't thicker and softer . When my dog slept in the bed , it was as if she was sleeping on the floor , there was little cushioning underneath her -LRB- which is why I bought the bed to begin with -RRB- . I had to purchase a second pillow to line the bottom of the bed so my dog had a little more cushioning underneath her . I recommend this bed for a smaller dog -LRB- under 50 lbs -RRB- .
 After reading a few reviews on this bed , I decided that it might give my dog the `` cuddle factor '' that he would be missing once I ousted him from sleeping in my bed . Sure enough , my dog cuddles into the corners and turns around in this fluffy bed until he finds just the right position . The bed is made from a material that is dog-chew resistant -LRB- at least in our case anyway -RRB- and is so big that a small human could cuddle up in it -LRB- I ordered the Extra Large -RRB- . As my dog is 51 pounds , I think now that I should have paid more attention to the weight guidelines , as 3 of my dogs could fit in this bed . Nonetheless , it is a great bed , very large , and it looks lush and stylish .
 THIS DOG BED WAS AT MY HOUSE WITH-IN DAYS.THE BED WAS MORE THEN I ASKED FOR.THE PRICE WAS GREAT AND I COULDNT ASK FOR ANYTHING BETTER.THANKS .
 I bought this bad for my 3 month old Golden Retriever puppy , with the idea that it will be big enough when he is fully grown . So far , my puppy absolutely loves this bed . I removed one star because the bad could be sturdier and could have more cushioning in the bottom .
 I purchased this bed for my dog who weighs about 80 pounds . He has plenty of room to stretch his full length -LRB- or curl around -RRB- in this nicely padded bed . Amazingly , when I first laid this bed on the floor , my dog immediately stepped into the bed and literally melted . I have never seen him so completely relaxed and unbelievably comfortable . Needless to say , the bed is very special to him , and everytime he steps in , he does n't waste a minute of nap time .
 I have a very old cat that is frail and having a hard time eating . The vets office gave me the okay to give her some the KMR Liquid Milk . My cat loves it and her hair is very soft and silky now . She has also gained back some of the weight she lost since using this product . My cat is happier and so am I.
 A great product as always from KMR . This is premixed liquid in pop-top cans , so there is no fussing with dry powder . If you have a big batch of kittens that need this milk replacer this is the way to go . Yes , it 's a bit pricey but worth every cent . As always , this is also great stuff for sick or elderly cats -- or nursing queens ! -- that need extra nutrition .
 Great product my persian cat loves it . but if I give her to much she farts all over the house .
 When I learned from the vet that the kitten I brought home was only five weeks old -LRB- not eight as I 'd been told -RRB- , I bought this formula for him.He is now a year old , strong , frisky , and healthy . I had no problem getting him to drink it -- apparently he loved the taste .
 PetAg 's KMR , -LRB- kitten milk replacement , -RRB- is , in my experience , the most highly recommended and best-tolerated formula for newborn and young kittens available on the market . I personally prefer the liquid , as the powder can be difficult to dissolve properly , though it is more economical and easier to make in the amounts you need at any given time . In my experience , kittens take to it well and do n't suffer as many digestive issues as with some other brands . I recommend a specially-designed formula such as Just-Born with colostrum for the first 2-3 days for kittens who are exclusively bottle-fed from birth , as the colostrum helps establish a newborn 's immune system , which most formulas do n't , but after the first few days , colostrum is merely broken down in the digestive tract and gives no added protection , so then it 's time for KMR . Follow feeding directions carefully and watch your little ones thrive on this superior formula ! It 's never let us down .
 WE purchased one from the manufacture , delivery was swift , the instructional video on the Mfg site was very useful . The end result is a well made feeder that does the job as reliable as you electrical supplier . We searched for a feeder that we could trust , and as you may have found most offered have mixed reviews or poor reviews . The Super-feed K2 is sturdy though you do have to construct your own support . We chose to use 2x4 lumber for the support arm attached to flange mounted on 1.5 inch PVC pipe , this was slipped over 1 inch PVC pipe set into ground . A simple screw pin prevent the set-up from turning , when the pin is removed the feeder can be moved closer for filling and service . We found that by using the feeder we were reducing waste and not over feeding the fish . Since the feed drops gently into the pond our Koi do not go into a mad splashing feeding frenzy , instead they casually move under the feeder and start collecting pellets . Defiantly a system to consider if you want to feed your Koi while away or just make sure that they are served a meal at the same times every day .
 Works very well at keeping the Koi fed at my home that I am renting . I do not have to rely on the tenants to keep the fish fed .
 Solid contrustion easy to follow instruction for setup and installation . Will be getting the extra hooper for extended feeding . Great American made product .
 I , too , have discovered all Friskies Special Diet cat crackers have disappeared from the stores . Like the others who have commented , I 've found that Purina has opted for a more expensive one . I 've purchased their Pro Plan Urinary Tract Health Formula , only to discover my little guy that must eat this special type cracker will only consume 2 or 3 bites and then walk away . He , and the other 3 , simply went crazy for the Friskies Special Diet ... never seemed to tire of them . I am SO HAPPY Amazon still has them !!! Thank you . My Vet has stated , ` If label does not give values for urine pH and magnesium , do NOT buy the food . Magnesium must be .1 % or less . ' It is very difficult to find labels that list items , let alone percentages anymore .
 My 13-year-old , overweight tabby , Friday , has had urinary tract and weight problems since he was a kitten . For nine years , he was on a prescription maintenance food diet . While he had no urinary tract problems on this food , he never lost any weight . About seven months ago , he stopped eating the prescription food . After trying several different brands , which he would eat for a few days and then go right back to his hunger strike , I tried Friskies Special Diet Urinary Tract Health for Cats . He seems to love it . In the four months since he started eating this food , he is urinating more regularly than ever -LRB- with the prescription food . he only urinated once every day or two ; with Friskies SDUTH , he is now urinating three to four times a day and IN the litter box ! -RRB- and he has lost at least 4 pounds -LRB- no doubt , some of it being water weight -RRB- . While I am not advocating Friskies SDUTH as a weight-loss food , in my case , this is a welcome side benefit of maintaining Friday 's urinary tract health . It is also healthier for my pocketbook . My six-year-old , slim and active tabby , Whiskers , will only eat Friskies canned cat foods , preferably with gravy . Thank heavens for Friskies and their numerous varieties of foods for all types of cats . My fingers are crossed that Friday will remain satisfied with this choice . I certainly am .
 This is the only dry cat food I can feed my cat . She has trouble with urinary tract infections . When I took her to the vet for this problem , it cost me $ 500.00 just for tests . A friend suggested this food and I am happy to say that since I started feeding it to her , she has n't had any problems . I also use `` Scoop-Away Clumping Cat Litter '' that is `` perfume and dye free '' . These two products have kept us away from the vet . She is also a very picky eater but she loves this food and always eats all of it . Amazon is the only place I can buy this now , since they have stopped selling it in all of the stores near my home . Once again Amazon has come to my rescue .
 My cat with recurrent urinary stones loves this food but it is very difficult to obtain . It has been a life saver , literally , for my cat . Being able to order it is great .
 Well , every cat is different , so I 'm just throwing this review in to counteract the other negative reviews . I have 2 bengals , and they liked the Felidae chicken flavored dry food so I got the chicken flavor soft food , and they like it as well . If you 're unsure about committing to buying this many cans , just see if you can find it at a specialty pet store near you.Also , their coats are much shinier , softer , and sleeker since switching to this wet food .
 The only reason I am giving it 4 stars instead of 5 stars is for the strange can design -- a substantial amount of food sticks to the inside of the can and in the crevice under the top lip , long before the can is empty , and I have to use a baby food spatula to scrape this off.That being said , Cee Cee kitty devours this . It is not grain free -- as it does have Brown Rice in it -LRB- listed as the 8th ingredient , so it DOES have plenty of meat and fish protein -RRB- , but the meat as well as the other ingredients more than make up for this . Felidae Canned Cat Food for Adult Cats and Kittens , Formula with Chicken , Turkey , Lamb and Ocean Fish also smells very fresh and not garbagey like some of the supermarket cat foods . And since Cee Cee is battling hyperthryoidism as well as a heart murmur , I want to buy her the best food I can afford . This may be a bit pricey but it is VERY dense , so it goes a long way .
 I do n't want to give a poor review because my kittens wo n't eat it , but I figure other cats might like the flavor of this food . I love Felidae for the nutritious value and the wholesome ingredients used . That is very important to me , and I will be sticking with Felidae for wet food . My kittens LOVE the salmon and I just introduced them to the chicken and rice formula this week and they seem to be happy with that too . The larger size cans are more economical .
 Thank goodness Amazon offers Prime Accounts ! These arrived within hours before my first mama guppy delivered and the babies are snug and safe in these little hide-aways ! I fear they would not have lived at all without these as I had no good hiding spots small enough to keep the adult fishes out.They work , excellent all around .
 I like this product because ever since I got this I have n't had to flush baby platies and guppys down the toilet.I have crazy amounts of fish breeding in my 80 gallon tropical tank .
 My 12 year old kitty started having to take a powdered joint supplement daily . I tried putting it in a pill pocket - but when she bit into it , all the powder would fall out . With the flavor-doh , I am able to knead the powder into the dough and then make a ball out of it . She LOVES it !! Thanks to flavor doh my old lady is running around like a kitten again !!
 Flavor-Doh works on a few of my cat 's while other 's wo n't eat it . I would still buy more because it takes a lot of stress of of trying to pill them .
 I have suffered with the traditional clumping litter for years . What I hated most was the dust ! :P Then we got a puppy and the litter became a health hazard . World 's Best was -LRB- I thought -RRB- expensive but safe if/when the pup got into the box . Here are the facts.NO DUST!Actually cheaper ! In the time it took me to use one 17 # bag @ $ 23 -LRB- from Mud Bay . I 'm buying my next bags from Amazon ! -RRB- I would have used 4 bags of clumping litter @ $ 35 . I SAVED $ 12 . I have 2 large male cats . One loves to dig to Australia and both shoot for the edges . Clumping would leave wet edges -LRB- therefore the catbox smell -RRB- but WB instantly clumps on contact.Clean up is a snap ! No broken clumps and , when both cats happen to shoot in the same area one after the other , no puddles!There is a light ` corn ' fragrance , WB is from corn . But I only smell it when I am actually over the box cleaning it out.and until I find a way to keep the dog out of the box we do n't have a seriously ill dog!I am very pleased with World 's Best !
 When I learned that clay litter accumulates in a cat 's lung , I decided to try more natural litters . I started with the silicon crytals but then learned that these could be carcinogenic -- now the crystals afer a period of time really did stink . So I switched to this brand , which I can get at Pet Club for $ 13-14 on sale . It lasts for several weeks and I was surprised that it clumps . People that come to my place say that they do n't even know I have a cat because a -RRB- I clean his litter as often as needed and b -RRB- I sweep up after him to keep the space clean . The litter does n't have a scent that lingers and what i love is that i can scoop it into the toilet . I keep the litter high enough so that the urine rarely reaches the box . If he does lick his paws , I am less worried that he 's actually eating clay or something else that is n't digestable . He switched from the silicon to this brand very easily . Each cat is different so maybe I 'm just lucky . This was not written by a brand advocate but by someone that is actually happy with this litter .
 I 've had my kitty for 16 years and I 've tried a lot of different litters . Either I was scooping into a `` sealed '' trash can so I was n't hauling scoopings to the dumpster multiple times per day or hauling scoopings to the dumpster multiple times per day . Either I lived with the scent or I made multiple trips - lose/lose . I love that this litter is flushable-helps me to stay on top of scooping and keep the litter box clean for my finicky cat ; and I do n't have to live with odors - win/win ! The fact that is is 100 % natural appeals to my slightly more `` green '' side so I like that too .
 I do n't understand how anyone can say this is n't great litter ... it has the best odor control of ANY litter I have used . I scoop everyday and I only change the litter because it becomes dust like after 2 weeks or so , it never smells like cat pee . Any other litter I have used can not mask the smell of cat pee after 1-2 days . When I empty out the litter box I can put my face close to it and I still ca n't smell cat pee . . it is amazing.The only flaw is that it becomes dust like after time . If you have dark colored rugs or couches , you may see little paw prints from your cat . If you do not have dark rugs or furniture , it is well worth this one downfall !!
 `` World 's Best '' may be a hyperbole , but it 's certainly the best of all the litter products I 've tried -LRB- Swheat Scoop , Feline Pine , Fresh Step , Tidy Cats -RRB- . My senior kitty took to it right away.Pros
 My cat has allergies and needed a litter perfume and dye free . I made the switch to this from Petco 's Generic Clay Clumping . LOVE it ! Absolutely no dust , and it does n't track around the house . It 's has a pleasant earthy smell and traps odors unlike any cat litter I 've used before . Clumps fantastically . My cat has a medium length coat , and I 've never noticed this getting stuck in his hair like other clays do.My only issue is it seems to get used up quicker than I had hoped . I have a large male cat , he 's about 13 healthy pounds , and I realize he probably has larger `` movements '' than normal cats , but the bag advertises it will last 34 + days for a single cat . In my experience , it 's lasts about three weeks . Again , probably because my cat is a beast . So keep that in mind .
 For a long time I was buying Litter Maid for my cat and I wanted to try something different . After trying different litters , organic and not , I have tosay that World ` s Best Litter is truly THE BEST !! Not the cheapest litter on the market , but it takes a long time to empty the bag completely . There is no odor and I could go without emptying out the box to clean for about 2 months ! I just refill the box every time I see it ` s below the limit . Important thing is that our Litter-maid box has no problems scooping this litter . I am 100 % satisfied with this brand and will recommend it to anyone !!!
 I 've read many reviews stating that the odor control is poor . Your cat 's diet probably has an affect on whether or not this litter works well for you . That being said , I 'd like to say that this litter -LRB- and her diet , probably -RRB- is the best out there . Whenever people come to visit , they are shocked that we have a cat ! They ca n't smell the litter ! The litter box is in a hallway off from the doorway.When my cat eats dry food , her bathroom breaks are really stinky , and I generally scoop out her box after she uses it . Other than the dry-food bathroom breaks , it 's odorless.She does track litter out of her box all the time , so I got a litter mat and I vacuum the area once every few days.The clumps do n't stick to the sides or bottom of the pan .7 lb bag generally lasts a month.It 's a great litter !!
 after trying multiple litters , both clumping and non , I have tosay that there is NOTHING on the market today that can compare to World 's Best Cat Litter . I have a multiple cat household and with this product , there is absolutely NO odor and no yukky mess in the corners ! Rave reviews from this satisfied customer !
 This littler is very good for small animals as well as cats . I use it with my 2 ferrets . The fact that it is dust free is great for the ferrets respitory system . It is very sensitive and this littler allows a great clumping action and no dust .
 I had been using traditional silica-based scoopable cat litter for years despite some reservations about its potential harmful effects on my and my cats ' lungs . I just assumed that the alternatives would be far less convenient . But I actually prefer this product both in terms of quality , convenience , and environmental concerns . It has a pleasant and very mild odor and just `` feels '' more benign -- the thought of breathing or even ingesting it does n't trouble me . It took my cats a day or so to get used to it , but I breathe easier -LRB- literally and figuratively -RRB- knowing that it is nontoxic and environmentally friendly . Although it does n't clump quite as firmly , it is lighter hence easier to scoop , and does n't seem to track quite as much . Great stuff !
 Reasons why this is the best cat litter1 -RRB- No more urine smell or ammonia at all ! You know how when you get near a litter box it usually smells like urine ? Using Worlds best cat litter , there is no more urine smell ! 2 -RRB- Clumping is the best . Clumps do not get stuck to the bottom or sides . Most cat litters get urine clumps that stick to the sides and bottoms of the litter box , not with Worlds best cat litter.These reasons alone make Worlds best catter litter the best , I use a lot less litter as well since I am not constantly changing the entire litter box to get rid of the urine smell like I was using regular clumping litter .
 I was having problems with my cats ingesting the clay based litters and was looking for an alternative . I spent months and months trying different cat litters before settling on World 's Best Cat Litter . Yes , there can be issues with odor control , but that is only a problem if your cat is the type that does n't bury their business . This litter clumps better than clay based litter and is far less dusty . I 've noticed a lot less little paw prints on the furniture , since I made the switch . The clumping power of this litter is so good , that if you are very tidy about scooping -LRB- which I am -RRB- , you only need to do a complete litter change every 3-4 months ! I scoop out used litter and replace it with fresh litter , twice daily , and the boxes stay clean for months -LRB- and I have 3 cats -RRB- . I 've tried both the original formula and the Extra Strength -LRB- multicat -RRB- formula and can tell you that there is no difference . If anything the Extra Strength formula tends to be a bit more dusty than the original formula .
 We discovered this litter when our cat was hospitalized with hyperthyroidism and we had to have a truly flushable litter . The other cats in the household took to it right away . It is so much cleaner , and even better yet , it does n't seem like it fell to earth from outerspace ! After having a deathly ill cat -LRB- now apparently cured -RRB- , I am always on the look out for natural products now so he can avoid what toxins I have control to keep out of his way . I have a feeling we 're going to hear more and more in the future how important that can be . That along with a MUCH higher protein diet .
 my cat was very skeptical to try this at first . she even took a few bites of it -LRB- considering it is made from corn -RRB- i was worried she would keep eating it but has gotten over it and actually uses it for potty purposes.i was amazed at how well this clumps ! it does n't fall apart when scooping up either . however , i am not a fan of the smell when it gets wet . it masks the pee smell very good , but instead it leaves a musty old corny smell . i feel like it does n't cover up the poo smell though . maybe my cat does n't cover her feces up good enough ? hahaoverall it 's been great . i 've had it for 2.5 weeks and still hav n't filled another layer . you hardly waste any of the product which is nice . one bag will definitely last up to a month if not longer like it says ! still debating if i will purchase again ... beats the nasty sand litter that gets everywhere though !
 Kitty started having accidents - in my closet , on my bed , on a couch , etc. . There is nothing more offensive than the scent of cat urine . I was desperate and very upset . After ruling out a physical problem I started researching the causes of inappropriate soiling . Cats are very clean animals and sometimes either their litter boxes are not kept clean enough or they do n't like their kitty litter . I decided that I would switch litter as my first line of defense . I read that World 's Best has a soft texture that some cats like . Also , since it is clumping and scoopable , kitty might appreciate not having to walk in wet litter . Well , it worked . It has been almost a month and no more accidents . I scoop out the clumps at least once and sometimes twice a day as well as all solid waste . This litter is not great in the odor control department but frequent scooping helps and I think that all the litter must be switched out at least every 2-3 weeks or else the litter box starts to smell unpleasant . I have not had a problem with bugs or other little nasties . Otherwise , I will have to discontinue using this product and I certainly do n't want to have to do that .
 I have multiple health problems including asthma so I needed to find a litter that had the least amount of chemicals for myself as well as my kitten -LRB- he needs a healthy environment too -RRB- . My experience
 Been using this litter for about two years now . Surprised to see any less than five-star reviews ! I scoop it every night , it clumps just as well as clay ever did for me and I love that I do n't have to worry about Kitty inhaling clay dust . My only concern is inhaling GMO corn particles -LRB- wish it was non-GMO -RRB- .
 I mix World 's Best with Nature 's Miracle , which is made from the same ingredients , but has a pine scent . Together they keep the odor to a minimum and the clumping and box life are great.Free shipping was a great help too !
 Do yourself -LRB- and your cat or pet -RRB- a favor and make this product a regular purchase . Have been using it for years and it beats everything else I 've tried hands -LRB- paws -RRB- down .
 Geez , what 's with all the negative reviews ... I find this litter much better than the clay clumping kind . This clumps very well and there is little to no dust . I do n't have mice running around trying to eat it like all of these other reviewers on here . I mean , come on ... take it easy . And for the woman who would n't even donate this litter to a cat shelter because she did n't think it was good enough is shameful . I like this litter and I 've used them all ! This is definitely in my top list of litters.UPDATE
 I started using this cat litter about 3 months ago . I have been trying to become more eco-friendly and changing to an earth friendly cat liter is important to me . I have four cats , so it was important to find a liter that would not only clump well but not smell bad . I have to say that I have been very pleased with this product.It is flushable and septic safe . As long as I keep it scooped -LRB- twice a day with 4 cats -RRB- the odor is just a corn smell -LRB- since thats what it is made of -RRB- . It last longer than most cat liters and there 's no dust . The only con to this product is that it costs more than regular cat liters . I will continue to use `` Worlds Best Cat Liter '' .
 I do not understand why anyone has given this product less than 5 stars . I read ALL of the reviews on Amazon about this litter before I bought it , even though I was a little leery about the complaints of odor . I love it and both my cats love it . I have been using it for almost a month now and have had no odor problems at all . I scoop the one litter box twice a day and flush it , which is so much easier than the clay . With it , I had to wrap in newspaper and put it in a bag in the garage to save for garbage pickup . By the end of the week , the garage was really reeking . There is only minimal tracking , certainly not as much as the clay , and much less is being shoveled outside the box by overactive paws . And no awful perfumy smell . It clumps really well , holds together , and scoops easily . It is a little pricey , but the pros far outweigh the one con . I just watch for sales.I might mention one thing to those people whose cats have really odiferous poop
 From my experience it is the best in the market . Yes , there can be litter tracked around the vicinity of the box , but you really ought to look at what is the most important for you.Is the low price the most important ? Is the flushable the most desirable ? How about the odor control ? Is tracking problem due to carpet the top priority issue?I personally think the odor control , able to flush , and durability so I do n't need to change and wash box every week the most important . I do n't mind setup a vacuum in the same room as the boxes and vacuum it every day at night . -LRB- usually it takes 1 to 2 minutes to vacuum the surrounding area of the litter box -RRB- . Then this product is the best.It clumps very quickly . I usually scooy up right after they finish their business during day time . Give it 2 minutes or so then it will clump really well . And if it 's overnight business , I do n't see any clumps broken up by their multiple trip to the litter.Odor control us great ! , Fluching ? no problem . And since I scoopy up right away , I can forsee that the litter can last a long time.Some other products I tried : Feline Pine
 I went overseas for a few weeks and my house sitter purchased a bag of this litter when she ran out . At first I was horrified at the price but after a few days I was impressed . It cuts the odor dramatically and it can be flushed . It actually falls apart in the toilet and goes right down the tubes . After all sorts of big bags and buckets of the cheap stuff , I wo n't be going back . I had no problems with dust at all .
 I 've tried many different biodegradable/flushable litters , and this is my favorite . It clumps , does n't spread much outside the box , harbors no smell -LRB- if I find a smell , I just need to scoop or spread the litter around -RRB- , and has caused no problems with our pipes . Cat uses it , all are happy !
 For longer than I can remember , I have had a cat as a pet , sometimes 2 at a time . Since I discovered World 's Best Cat Litter over 2 years ago , I think it 's the best ever . Clumps well , and is a natural product . As with any cat litter , if you do n't clean the box at least daily , when the cat covers additional waste , it will break up the clumps , hence the odor.It 's a great product ... I will never go back to the standard cat litter ... ever .
 My terrier was not only lounging but also scratching our new leather recliner , and I had to use this only a few times before she got the message . When we got a new sofa , I used it again with great results .
 I borrowed 2 of these from a friend who had just lost her dog . My 2 young male cats were all over the white furniture and I could n't get them to stay off . Well , about a day of the loud beep from this Tattletale and they were so over taking a nap on the furniture that it was comical . I kept the devices on the furniture just to make sure if they `` tested '' the system , they would be reinforced to stay off . It worked so well that 6 months later , my friend needed the Tattletales back , so I just put a remote control on the couch and chair . It still worked ... they thought it was the alarm device ! Now I do n't use anything and they stay off , just amazing .
 I have 3 Golden Retrievers who thought they owned the couch . I say thought because the TattleTale really works . The first day or so I was skeptic that it would work . All 3 had different reactions to it . One would n't go in the Family Room at all , one still tried to get on the couch and one sat on the floor in front of the couch touching it to set it off . But in the end , they actually hate the sound it makes and do n't get up on the couch anymore , even when my husband and I are sitting on it . For the reasonable cost of the device I recommend giving this product a try . I 'm glad we did .
 This is a great product for keeping most cats & dogs off or away from things you want them to be away from . Received the order very promptly and would order again from this Seller .
 Within 24 hours it trained my 3 toy poodles not to jump onto the new sofa . The mechanism is pretty sensitive , so it does detect dogs jumping . But the alarm is a weak 2 second beep . My dogs are a little on the skittish side , so it does the trick , although a louder beep would be better .
 The product works better than you would think it does . My dogs -LRB- big dogs -RRB- will not get up on the furniture when the tattle tale is there.I shopped other sites for the same product , this was the best price out there .
 I have three of these devices ... my dog is a very curious Border Collie who likes to jump on the couch when I 'm not there ... these devices deter him from doing just that . You can use these devices in your kitchen , on your bed , or anywhere you do n't want your dog or cat to be . Great product and I recommend it highly . My dog is incredilby smart and sly ... but when these devices go off with the slightest vibration , you better believe he high tales it off !!
 My smart springer spaniel used to sneak on the couch at night but after hearing this beep a couple of times she knew she was `` caught '' . I left it on the couch for a couple of weeks to reinforce her behavior and have not had to use it since.As a bonus , the device -LRB- set on high -RRB- would also pick up on her bark and go off . I set it on a window sill that the dog looked out of and now she no longer barks as stray dogs , passers-by , etc.My only complaint about the device is that there is no way to turn it off without it going off .
 My dogs quickly learned that if they carefully got on the couch that they might not trip the alarm . So I attached the Tattle Tale to a Yard stick with adhesive Velcro and now it is the best . No more dogs on the couch !!!! YEA !
 Usually my cats are well behaved , but sometimes something triggers and they make the `` first mistake '' on a piece of furniture , and then no matter how much I clean it or spray it with `` keep away '' or whatever , I ultimately end up getting rid of the piece of furniture.Recently they made the first mistake on an antique leather chair that was once in my great grandfather 's library , and I could n't give up . After thorough cleaning , I put one of these Tattle Tales on the chair and waited . I heard the piercing alarm , I heard the sounds of cat retreat , and then silence . I walked up and put the cat on the chair , and away he ran.This is the first piece of furniture that has survived the `` first mistake '' . The chair has been left alone for a month now.I 'm very happy .
 I read through all the other reviews prior to purchasing this product and after picking through a lot of conflicting opinions , I decided to get a pair and see for myself . Result
 I have 2 cats and they love to lounge on my suede couch so I bought his vibration pet trainer to keep them off . It works pretty well and the noise do keep them off the couch . HOWEVER , it 's a 3 seater couch so 1 device is not enough to keep them off . I would need 2 and spread them out , otherwise , the cats will jump on whichever side of the couch that 's not effected .
 My dog hates this contraption and that makes us love it . It really works and it scares him half to death . He 's 110 # pit/mastiff mix and whoa this makes him running ! Thanks for a good product .
 The product seems too basic to work on my dogs ... but it works great.The delivery was prompt , the price was the best I could find .
 This works great . It keeps my labrador retriever off my new couch . He ruined my previous couch and I ordered this to hopefully keep him off my new one , and it works . I 'm buying one for my chair as well . I love it .
 We bought the `` Tattle Tale '' to keep our dog off the couch when we were away . He learned very quickly with it . We seldom have to use it any more and when we do we just lay it on the couch and do n't even need to turn it on ! They are small and easy to store . We are very pleased with it . Well , worth the small cost !
 My dog is great , the one thing he was doing was sneaking on the couch when I was not home . He is a bulldog/boxer 85 pound dog . Placed this on the couch and magically he has not gone near it since . I do n't even turn it on anymore , just seeing it is enough to deter him from going on the couch . It has saved me from having to vacuum the couch daily : -RRB-
 The Tattle Tale has been very effective . I love that it can be moved from place to place and that it is small enough to be inconspicuous . I no longer have to scold our pet ... the Tattle Tale does it for me .
 Product works great . I have used it for a couple of months now and my dog KNOWS NOT to touch the couch when the device is on it . If you have problems with pets on couches or beds I would recommend just putting one of these on and that will be the last of that . My cat also stays off the couch now when the device is on it . The two setting are nice , the lower setting is n't such a high shreaking noise and works just as well as high pitch for the animals .
 This has been an excellent device to keep our dog off the couch , chair , and out of the garbage . Just turn it on and we can leave the house without worry . Dog is so conditioned that if we just set it -LRB- not even turned on -RRB- on top of the garbage can she will stay away . However , I agree with the others that the cats generally ignore this device .
 I BOUGHT 3 UNITS . WHEN I RECEIVED THEM I WAS VERY DOUBTFUL THEY WOULD WORK . I HAVE 3 JACK RUSSELL TERRIERS AND THEY WERE DESTROYING OUR HOME THAT WE HAD JUST REMODELED . I DID NOT WANT THE DOGS IN THE FRONT LIVING/DINING ROOM . I WANTED THE DOGS TO HAVE A WALK WAY THRU THE ROOM BUT NOT ACCESS TO THE FURNITURE AND AREA RUGS , WHERE THEY WERE DOING THEIR BUSINESS . I WAS ABLE TO ATTACH ELASTIC THE LENGTH OF THE ROOM -LRB- ONE LENGTH 8 '' HIGH AND THE OTHER 18 '' HIGH -RRB- . I THEN ATTACHED TWO TATTLE TALE UNITS WITH MORE ELASTIC TO EITHER THE TOP OR BOTTOM ROOM LENGTH ELASTIC . NOW WHEN THE ELASTIC IS BUMPED OR MOVED SLIGHTLY , THE ALARMS GO OFF . WORKS LIKE A CHARM FOR NOW . I AM SURE THEY WILL FIGURE OUT A WAY TO GET AROUND THIS BY JUST JUMPING OVER IT . MAYBE I WILL HAVE TO USE ANOTHER LENGTH OF ELASTIC ALITTLE HIGHER . THE ALARM IS LOUD ENOUGH TO BE ANNOYING TO THE DOGS , BUT NOT LOUD ENOUGH TO GIVE THEM A HEART ATTACK . I CAN LIVE WITH THE ELASTIC BECAUSE IT LOOKS SO MUCH BETTER THAN THE SHEETS AND BLANKETS WE WERE WRAPING OUR NEW FURNITURE . I WILL BE ORDERING MORE . I FEEL SO MUCH BETTER HAVING SOME CONTROL OVER OUR HOME WHEN WE ARE AWAY .
 I got 2 - one for each counter . Worked great ! I also used one to stop my cat scratching on my bedroom door when I closed it - just pushed it up against the closed door .
 Quite sensitive - generally works to keep cats off the couch . It will also go off if I walk by -LRB- vibration -RRB- or slam the front door . Generally at least alerts me if the cats are trying to get on the couch -- except for once , they 're usually not there when I get down there - so generally a success . If you cat really wants to get around it , they can hop up and lay still and it wo n't alarm , but it 's more of the moving around or clawing that damages the couch anyhow.I bought this at the same time as one with compressed air that makes a sound or shoots a shot of air -LRB- sounds like hissing -RRB- and that one is generally more effective , but I just change them around every so often -LRB- so the cats think both will occasionally hiss -RRB- and it has done its job.I would buy this again . It is battery operated .
 It works great . My dog would always get on our bed when he was home alone . He would always use the pillows leaving hair on them . The first day I used this item I saw one sink in the bed and that was it . It also goes off when he scratches him self on the side of bed and that also has stopped . I 'm very happy I do n't have to put him in the crate anymore . Now if I could find a way to stop the nail scratches in the wood floor .
 i put this on my kitchen sink to stop my dog from getting into it . it works wonders . now i dont even need to turn it on , its presence alone keeps my dog out of the sink . the only downfall is that if you have it on and want to turn it off , it triggers the noise
 My dog instantly heard the noise and related it to my command . I would recommend this to anyone involved in training their dog .
 This really works to keep my cats from messing up my work table . It is highly sensitive to the lest vibration when on high setting . Worth the money . Could also be used to warn if little kids are getting into restricted areas of the home .
 It 's quite effective in scaring animals away . And it works in rain , too , does not short out when it is wet . So , overall quite useful .
 This thing is AMAZING . My cat occasionally likes to tick me off by scratching the carpet -LRB- she is n't declawed . -RRB- This product completely stopped her from doing it . She loves spinning the ball around the outside and loves showing me that she 's angry by scratching the middle.You do n't even have to worry about the refills for at least a few months.If you have a cat BUY THIS PRODUCT !
 This refill pack is for the 15 '' diameter turbo scratcher . There is a smaller version also . My local pet store just charged me $ 15 for a 2-pack . I came home and found this and bought 2 . Guess we know where I 'll be buying my next ones .
 Once I made the Blitz Turbo Scratcher available to my cat , she discontinued her attempts to destroy my carpet . By the way , I always sprinkle some catnip on the scratcher , and she goes into cat nirvana !!!!!
 I bought the Turbo Scratcher for my brother 's cats , Bob and Lily , since my brother did n't have many toys for them and they were scratching his furniture . Well , no problems with furniture abuse now -- Bob and Lily LOVE their Turbo Scratcher . When they are n't rolling the little ball around , they 're sharpening their claws on the scratcher pad . Bob , who weighs about 20 pounds , actually rips chunks out of the pad -LRB- we do a lot of spot vacuuming to pick up the bits of cardboard he flings around in his excitement -RRB- . Lily , who is a normal-sized cat , does n't make a mess -- she just scratch , scratch , scratches happily . They demolish the pad over the course of a few months , so I pop in a replacement . Even my own declawed cats -LRB- I have four -RRB- like the scratcher pads . It must feel good to them to go through the motions of scratching on the pad , because they do it all the time . I 'd recommend this product to anyone who has cats who need amusement -LRB- although cats being notoriously unpredictable , I ca n't guarantee the results ! -RRB- .
 My bad boys love it . Keeps them from scratching the furniture too .
 My products came quickly , packaged well , and at a great price.thanks
 My cats really love this product , and I ca n't imagine a home without one . If you have cats , then this is a must to have . Hours of fun for you and them , and saves your furniture the same time -LRB- if you have cats - you know what I mean . -RRB- Try this product , you wo n't be sorry.Patty , Clmnt. , NH
 My cats are so happy with their Turbo Cat Scratcher pads ! They play for hours with that toy . Between the scratcher pads that keep them offthe furniture , they have fun chasing the built in ball that travels around the circular track . I am so glad to have finally found the replacements to keep my kitties happy .
 If you have a turbo kitty toy for your cats , you will need these replacement pads which fit just fine . I have two complaints that have nothing to do with the quality of the product
 My cats absolutely LOVE these things . My local feed store used to carry them but then they stopped . I sure am glad I was able to find them on line , because my cats scratch on these pads so much that I do have to replace them from time to time . My cats actually prefer this over tearing up my furniture which is super !
 My cats love their Turbo Scratcher . For me , these replacement pads are a necessity .
 In the past , all my cats simply yawned , walked past every possible scratching devise , and headed for the furniture and the carpets . Not so any more . They all love it ! Even a declawed kitty that I rescued loves it ! And could n't find the refills anywhere in Dallas , so thrilled with Amazon !
 Blitz Turbo Scratcher Replacement Pads -LRB- 2-pack -RRB- Great product -- Keeps your furry friends from tearing up your favorite piece of furniture ! Comes with a small pack of catnip to get the cats attention , so they will use this item , instead of your couch or chair !
 The cats ' favorite toy ... had to buy two to avoid conflict . Targets their need to scratch/mark plus encourages play both solitary and interactive ! Fun to watch as well .
 I love PETSTAGES products . Ours have lasted for years . Just bought this one for our two new puppies . They love playing together with it , but it is fun for just one as well . I like that it is soft , so when the puppy stumbles over it , they do n't get hurt . Plus , it is awkward , so it strengthens their coordination .
 I bought this toy for my two pugs and one chihuahua . They all three seem to really enjoy playing with it .
 Although the puppies did like this and it is cute I think the three pack of mini dental chews was a better buy . I bought this one because we are fostering four puppies and needed a fourth toy .
 I have a 4.5 lb , 2 year old Maltese and she loves to play with this toy . It is one of her top 3 which is saying alot for her . This is made for the daintiest of dogs . She has had it for two years and it definitely looks used but has held up well . There is some sort of crinkle material in there that she loves to play with !
 I have two ferrets and a medium size dog -LRB- 45lb -RRB- all three love to play with this toy . It lasted for the ferrets for about 6 months but then my dog was playing tug with it and one of the balls on the end fell off so I sewed it up and no longer let her play tug . Besides that it is a fun interactive toy that little ones -LRB- ferrets and friends ' dogs -RRB- love to `` kill '' but it should not be a toy that they have access to when unsupervised .
 Our small Yorkie/Pom did eventually ruin this -LRB- the balls cracked and the ribbons were chewed off -RRB- , but it took a LONG time -LRB- over a year -RRB- and was very well-loved in the meantime . She spent hours playing with this , and I would highly recommend it for a small dog .
 Roudybush is one of the best foods on the market.I paid $ 29.99 when I first bought it . . it is now $ 42.99 Bag was 25lbs . Shipping was $ 9 . Iam sad that is hasgone up . It was the BEST price ANYWHERE.A SUPER SUPER BARGAIN.It is still a good buy at $ 43 even with shipping.Parrots do not eat seed any more . They aresupposed to eat the formulated pellets . I have 4parrots and each of them eat a different brand pellet.My Senegal eats the Roudybush . This bird never hasto go to the vet and I think the good food is the reason.If you think a trip with your dog to the vet is expensive justtry taking in a bird!I suggest you also buy JUST VEGS & FRUIT to add to theirdiet . All my parrots love the dried mixed vegs and mine especiallylike the dried blueberries . Amazon has them but they are pricey . Tryyour local health food store . Can also order directly from the companyon net but shipping is high . * compare Roudybush prices : * Foster Smith 44 oz $ 10 . . $ 5.99 ship * Foster Smith 10lb bag $ 28 . . $ 5.99 ship * Foster Smith 25lb bag $ 52 . . $ 5.99 ship * Petsmart 44 oz bag -- $ 13.99 *** I hope you will look up -LRB- and BUY -RRB- the book MRS. BALLARD ` SPARROTS from Amazon . It is a photographic treat .
 My 11 year old african grey just loves this food.Buying the 25lb bag saves money , and it stays fresh .
 They are a little picky , but they like it and we live in Asia and these are not available on base .
 this is great , my cat loves them , and they are so healthy for him
 Alpo Snaps have been the Most Favorite treat according to our 6 dogs -LRB- they have tried a lot of others - just for fun and variety , but they always were happy when we had Alpo Snaps to offer ! -RRB- This was also true with other fine pups we 've had before.It seems to have been one of the treats without controversy and one which has had good ingredients .
 My 14 year old Rat Terrier loves these dog treats . His teeth are not so good any more , but he can eat these fine . I understand they are supposed to be good for dogs too.Only one thing tho , a two pound box is selling here for $ 4.09 with $ 7.30 shipping , that is $ 11.39 . Here in Florida , I can go to Winn Dixie and get two one pound boxes for $ 5.00 . So it is 2 pounds for $ 11.39 or two pounds for $ 5.00 . Do the math . : -RRB-
 First purchase thru this method was quite painless . The exact product I ordered arrived in a timely manner . Will do business again .
 I have a Goffins Cockatoo and she is a somewhat picky eater . She is not able to maintain her weight on a seed mixture and I have n't really found one that has everything she needs . I supplement with Roudybush and she loves it . There is very little waste ; she eats it all ! She knows the word and when I say &#34; would you like some Roudybush ? &#34; she does tricks until I fill her seed cup.Best -LRB- cost wise -RRB- if bought in largest quantity . It keeps well .
 I have bought this food in 3 different sizes for all my birds . I am very satisfied with the quality and freshness . All my birds eat this . Need I say more ?
 I was worried that switching my seed-eater to pellets would be hard , but my amazon seems to like it pretty well - and although it seemed pricey at first , a little goes a long way .
 I have a Siamese that wil chew through just about anything . String , yarn , sisal , heavy duty woven nylon , shoe laces , electrical and phone cords , feathers , baskets , cardboard , magazines , well , you get the picture . I often buy him dog toys made for chewing because most cat toys just are n't made to take the abuse he can inflict . These toys , and most anything made by this company , have stood the test of time . He likes the crunchy texture . And the fringe ends , which are usually the first thing he chews off , are made out of a sewn fabric , not string . For some reason he either ca n't , or wo n't chew through them . He cycles through all the different Pet Stages toys , like the mice , mesh chewing rings , etc. because he gets bored eventually . But he always go back to them and I have never had to throw one out because he destroyed it or it became unsafe for him to play with . He also likes Pet Stages small dog toys , we just avoid the styles with soft rope , which he would eat in a heartbeat .
 I bought these because my old kitty has been loosing his teeth and needed something for his tender gums . I brought them home and he could have cared less for them . Like another review said , they did n't get `` chilly '' as advertised . What made them worth the buy was that my younger kitty ca n't get enough of them ! They are her favorite toy . She carries them from room to room and mews for them if she looses them under the sofa . They are her favorite . The company really should change their marketing tactics though .
 my cat just loves these . He carries them around the house and plays for hours .
 My 1 year old cat loves them . Too bad they easily go under the couch . Gives hours of entertainment . They are not as small as one reviewer says . Great product , great fun !
 He loves these things sooooo much ! I 'm constantly having to dig them out from under the fridge or stove but it 's worth it because he loves them so much !
 One of my cats LOVES this toy ! I searched everywhere and even emailed the company . They discontinued the toy , but referredme to Amazon , where I bought lots of them . Clooney is a happy boy and I am rationing the toys so they will last awhile . He loves them because they are the right size to carry around in his mouth and toss in the air .
 After a year of fun my cats still play with these safe & durable toys . I find Pet Stages cat toys are usually winners .
 This is an attractive toy for a cat . Fun to play with and good for their teeth . Also has catnip so for those cats who like catnip , it is a win win situation .
 My girls love this little toys . They play catch and soccer and hide and go seek with them . Loads of fun and great exercise for my girls . Very well made and colorful .
 Got this when he was a kitten and teething . Now at 16lbs he still loves it - carries it around like a dog carrying a bone . He also loves playing fetch with it . Durable , constantly putting it in his food and water bowl . Ca n't find it in the stores any more , thank goodness Amazon has them .
 Our 3 month old kitten loves these ! Frozen or thawed he goes crazy for them . Unfortunately , he likes to bat them under the doors and meow until we retrieve them , but that 's entertaining too ...
 I bought these for my cat to chew on but it seems she 'd rather play fetch with them . She LOVES them and they are her favorite toy ever ! They are great so buy them : -RRB-
 Willy says
 One of our cats just goes nuts for these little things , and the other ca n't be bothered with them at all.We did n't buy these with the intent of freezing them or catnip or similar things noted by other reviewers ; mostly I think this toy works for some cats because it 's small and lightweight and easy to bat around , soit scoots across the floor and keeps them entertained on their own for a while.Not a bad little toy , if you have the right expectations for it . But your mileage may vary -- some catswho are n't as `` self-propelled '' may not enjoy the toy as much as others .
 I love the look of these , and all the Pet Stages fabric toys . They make such cool looking toys for cats . My cat hardly ever chewed these , though . She mostly batted them around a bit , and then ignored them . She likes toys with longer dangles than these have .
 I started buying PetGuard dog food about 4 years ago . It was highly rated on the Whole Dog Journals best dry dog food lists which is why I switched to it.My Westies use to love it but I think they need a change and than eventually will switch back to it . Its a very good quality food and Pet Food Direct is a wonderful company to buy it from . They always stand behind everything they sell.I would highly recommend using PetGuard food for your dogs . High quality products make up this food . Google the `` Whole Dog Journal '' if you want to get the yearly recommended dry and canned dog foods .
 We have two dogs , and they approve!We are switching them to this . Even though their usual dry dog food , which we 'll be quitting , has n't so far been recalled during these recent pet food recalls , I 'm nervous about the apparently low standards held by the mainstream pet food mass-market , when it comes to consumer protection and information.I 'm tired of worrying about what we 're feeding the dogs.They do also eat other dry food -- dog biscuits -LRB- not any that are on the recall list -RRB- -- and we 'll keep giving them those , but their regular daily dish shall be both the dry and the wet PetGuard food .
 My dogs have been eating this food for several years now , along with the canned . Each time I am urged to try a different holistic food , one of my 3 dogs has some sort of issue - gas , itchy , yeasty skin , etc.On Petguard , they all have wonderful coats , good skin -LRB- nice and pink , no yeasty toes or ears -RRB- , the bichon girls have no tear or beard staining as well . They have lots of energy , no gas , stools are small , and they generally crumble into dirt after a couple days in the sun ! The stools are very compact and little odor , which tells me the food is easily digested.I love that Lifespan is all life stages , so that I can feed puppies , adults , small and large breeds all the same thing -LRB- should I ever need to , but currently have only 3 small dogs -RRB- . Customer service of PetGUard is outstanding , as I 've emailed and telephoned them with my questions and received helpful , prompt responses.THe performance of the food and the great customer service have me sold on PetGuard !
 The first ingredient in this food is Fresh Chicken , which is something many dry pet foods ca n't say.The pieces have gotten smaller since I started buying this food four years ago , all the better for tiny cats/animals .
 When I was told I would have to change my cats diet to lower his body mass I panicked because he is so picky . But , this was the first 1st dry food I found that fit his nutritional requirements and he loved it . A little expensive , as are all the specialty foods , but he is healthy , happy , and has lost the weight he needed .
 Easy to open ; easy to store and easy to chew , these cats treats are a favorite . Cats will meow for them . They smell good and are so cute ! My cat has n't gained weight with them . They are everything you could really ask for in a cat treat for a sweet kitty . Of course , they are n't the healthiest , but I 've found that a healthy cat treat really is n't all that important in the long run . What matters is kitty satisfaction :-RRB- . So , go ahead and get these!Don ' t forget to lock in the freshness . With cat treats , I find that if you consistently lock the bag , the cats consistently ask for the treats .
 This product is a must for keeping your dog 's teeth clean and for clean , fresh breath . My dog loves these and you ca n't find them anywhere else for purchase .
 Recommended by our vet . I was afraid the dogs would not want to eat them -LRB- because I need to give it to them for dental health -RRB- but they LOVE their treats . Switching to Medium size next time - the large treats are a little big for my dogs -LRB- 52 and 34 lbs -RRB- .
 After 6 months , my cat still loves this toy . She loves the round one as it has a bit of a rattle and she carries this around with her everywhere . She even brings it to bed at night . I 've unknoted the little knots and she seems to like it even more . Great toy for a great price !
 My cat Loves the triangle ! It is the only toy she will play with . It is the perfect size to toss , carry around , and it goes everywhere with her .
 My cat loves chasing these things around . I used to live in a small apartment , so I had to work her out every day . These were her favorite toys to run after and jump for , even when she was a kitten . I love the look of them , and all the Pet Stages fabric toys ... They make such cool looking toys for cats .
 My 2 year old cat loves this toy so much that it 's practically in shreds and we desperately need to purchase another one . But every night , we go to bed and it 's in one room of the house and we 'll wake up to find it 's managed to find it 's way into our bedroom again . She just carries it around and bats at it and really enjoys it . She prefers the triangle and it 's a definite part of the nightly routine .
 My cat absolutely LOVES these things ! Well , actually , she prefers the one that makes the rattling sound , but boy does she like that thing to death ! She 'll bat it around left and right , and for whatever reason likes this ball-type toy more than any other similar to it . All in all , I 'd say these are easily worth your money .
 I really like the safe factor with these cat toys because I feel comfortable leaving them out for play knowing they do not pose a swallowing hazard .
 he destroyed the first one within 48 hours . Now I only let him spend an hour with the second one to see how long it lasts .
 Just put my new tubing in the fish tank and I have to say it looks pretty good . I can tell the tubing is in there but when I ask my friends to point it out they had a hard time finding one and no one guessed there was two in the tank . I have a planted tank and had to move my airstone to the middle of the tank to keep the floating plants from getting into the filter . Needless to say I did n't like how my original blue silicone tubing stood out even though I try to hid it around the plants . So I am really happy that this worked so well.The leaves on the tubing are movable to you can space them how you think looks best or to cover the length of tubing . The tubing could easily be hooked together if you needed a longer length or if you wanted the leaves closer together then hooked to another to get the length you needed . It would be a little bare if you needed the entire 60 inches since there would be a couple inches between the leaves . I spaced mine about 1/2 inch apart and that covered about 20-25 inches of the tube.The tubing is smaller than the standard tubing but they provided 5 adapters . Not sure why the other reviewer did n't use them . You do need a small amount of the standard tubing to be able to hook to your airstone and airpump .
 I loved the idea of masking the airlines draped down the back of the tank , always an eyesore , had to bunch tall plants around it trying to hide it so I think this is a great idea , the diameter of the tubing used in these is 1/8 instead of the 3/16 all my air pumps use so you have to get an adaptor -LRB- or use silicone and glue one into another -RRB- for mine to work , you can slide the plant sections to make it as tall or short as you want , very adaptable if they make the tubing bigger this is a hit . .
 I adopted a cat who had issues with the digestive system when I first go him . I could n't find a brand that we would like for more than a few days . He has been eating PetGuard for 4 months now and loves it . He licks it clean every time and he has not had a single issue with his digestive system .
 I took a chance on this product and found out it worked excellent in my outdoor small fishpond . Then when cooler weather came I brought my fish inside to a 20 gallon tank and loved it . It sucks up the dirt and leaves the gravel . I would highly recommend this product for anyone that has a fish tank
 It was a real relief to find this food . My cats were getting sicker and sicker on all the commercial brands . I 've read that some cats can have colitis , and grains can really cause problems such as diarrhea , stomach pain , and loss of weight . My cats had all of these problems . Thanks to Pet Guard cat food , they are thriving .
 -LCB- -LSB- ASIN : B000261P6U PetGuard Fish , Chicken and Liver Dinner for Cats -LRB- 12/5 .5 oz cans -RRB- -RSB- -RSB- I 've been feeding my cats Petguard for 10 years , They love it , and I love the quality ingredients . They are healthy and very happy !
 I have been using Pet Guard Shampoo and Conditioner for over 20 years . Since I began using it , I have never wanted to try anything else . It is all natural . It has a pleasant aroma , lathers up and rinses nicely . It is very gentle on the dog 's skin . It was recommended to me because I had a dog with skin problems -- the problems went away after using Pet Guard . I highly recommend this product . You wo n't be sorry you tried it . It is the best on the market today .
 My cat just loves these . I found them for the first time a couple of weeks ago and he has just gone mad over them . I have to give these to him because of his bad teeth , but he certainly does n't mind it ! They 're great to keep your cat 's teeth clean and anything I can do to keep from brushing and waxing them is fine with me ! I just do n't care to have those fangs coming down on my fingers all the time . These guys do the trick and being made with crab , it is definitely a likeable change in our household .
 Been trying to get my cats away from the can and have been using treats as part of that process . These treats seems to work along with dry foods . Glad to see that it helps keep their teeth clean as well . I am pleased so far and so are they ! That 's this week . Let 's see about next week !
 I just replaced this from WORLD 'S BEST CORN LITTER made from GMO corn -- filled with pesticides ! Me and my cats love it . Nice that it 's light weight . I change the litter once a week .
 This cat litter is great . It has good odor control and best of all it light - no heavy bags or cat boxes to carry . It cleans up well . I am unablle to buy it in a store near me any longer but myself and my cats like it so much I 'm ordering it online .
 This is great cat litter
 I have four cats -LRB- yes , I have lost my mind -RRB- and when the youngest two joined the family , I wanted to try and get them used to something a little friendlier than the heavy clumping costly typical super market purchased litter . I found this , use it in 2 standard boxes side by side , and I just love it . On the * worst * day , the room where the boxes are smells like cedar chips :-RRB- Generally , it smells like nothing at all . I have a bad back , too , and really appreciate front door delivery and how light the chips are . My youngest two cats favor these boxes , and one of the older ones uses it too . I have noticed -LRB- sorry if this is TMI -RRB- that they urinate , not defecate , in the cedar boxes and use the traditional box and litter for the other ... not complaining!One difference is that you end up pretty much changing out the litter completely when you deal with the box - for me , every 2 to 3 days . The chips are light , so kitties may kick them out of the box but they vacuum up , no problem . This thing has lasted me for a few months , and I am a convert ... if I could only get the other cats into it I would be the happiest cat guardian ever :-RRB- Highly recommended .
 My cat likes this cederific cat litter so much that when the local store stopped selling it he would sit in front of his litter box and wine . Cedarific is easy to clean up , easily vacumes up and hides orders very well . And you use less than other kitty litter products with better results .
 I 've been using this cat litter for the past 2 years and absolutely love it . It 's natural , so I do n't worry about my 2 cats ingesting it when they clean themselves . It smells good , a very natural cedar scent without any harsh perfumes . It does n't attract bugs -LRB- which I 've found to be an issue with pine , corn or wheat litters -RRB- . One small bag fills 2 large litter boxes and lasts me a week -LRB- I do n't scoop often and consequently just end up changing all the litter once a week -- it would probably last me longer if I scooped more -RRB- . And it 's light weight so that I do n't kill my back when I lug the big bags into my basement . My local grocery store used to carry the small bags for a little less than $ 5/bag , but they recently stopped carrying it so I was thrilled to find it on Amazon . Overall , the only negative I find is that this litter tends to track through the basement near the litter boxes , but if I vacuumed the basement more often that would n't even be an issue . I highly recommend it to anyone looking for a more natural alternative for cat litter !
 My cat loves your product . It 's very hard to find in stores . I had to drive all the way to Massachusetts in order to satisfy my cats needs . It is the cleanest product ; it provides a happy healthy cat . Thank you so much ...
 this is the best . light weight . smells great . BUT so hard to find . thanks for haveing it availabe for my cats .
 You ca n't buy this litter in stores in MD. . I used to buy it in eastern NY . It is light in weight and it smells okay for several days with my two kitties . I wish more people knew about this great product !
 I have been using Cedarific for several years now . The cats had no problem switching from clumping litter to this . The best thing about it is the scent - natural , not perfumed . The cats , and the house , do n't stink of artificial `` odor-reducing '' perfume .
 Ok here goes , I have 5 cats all of average size . I also have two litter boxes . Just about tried everything out thereincluding World 's Best and Feline Pine . Well even with covered cat boxes and good litter the smellwas n't what I desired . Well THIS stuff is great . It Totally absorbs the odor which is great.Tracking is pretty bad though . I have the plastic mat and everything.I actually asked my husband what he thought and he said much better . I said you do n't mind the trackingand well he said no . -LRB- I am the one who sweeps though lol -RRB- Oh well it 's the best I have found as they all do seem to find a way to track a bit.Odor gone ...
 This is THE best cat litter I 've ever used ; No odor . Better than clumping types . Lasts and lasts . And it 's lightweight . At first , I mixed it with old litter , but the cats did n't seem to care . They took to Cedarific immediately . When I could n't find it again locally , I panicked till I found it on Amazon and will always order online ... large bags , free s/h to my door . Hint
 I tried this litter at the recommendation of my niece because it was so much lighter than regular litter . I have a bad back and changing the litter pan was becoming a real issue . I could n't believe how light this stuff is . And just as amazing is how well it works . My cat took to it right away . It is long lasting as well as effective . Being able to have it delivered -LRB- I 'm a Prime member -RRB- is great because I am no longer able to drive . I would use this litter even if I were n't disabled . It 's extremely effective , good for the environment and no little pieces of clay all over the house to step on or get into your shoes .
 I just love Cedariffic cat litter . It smells so good , and covers up the ordors very well . It 's super-easy to scoop and lasts well . I ; ve been using it for 6 months now , and I would recommend this to everyone .
 I mix this with clumping clay litter . It keeps the dust down but still clumps enough to remove waste easily . I have three indoor cats and they all seem to have no problem with the mixture . I place a good-quality , extra-large litter mat in front of four litter boxes and it catches almost all the foot-bits that would otherwise track all over the house . I , too , like the fact that the bag is easy to handle , the litter has a pleasant smell -LRB- to humans ... tolerable to cats -RRB- , and it 's relatively inexpensive .
 This is the only litter my cat will use , thank goodness its available on-line .
 Have been using this product for years.Finally found it in a large enough size to fill our needs for our pets.Prefer to use natural products with animals and this one is excellent !
 Cedarfic cat litter is by far the best litter out there . I 'm puzzled as to why it is not more readily available - and frustrated , too . It actually smells GOOD , like , well , fresh cedar . It 's very , very lightweight . I just scoop the solids out and then , when it 's old and does start to smell a little , I just dump it in a trash bag , rinse out the pan with water , dry it with paper towels , and that 's it . No mess that you have to scrape or scrub out of the pan , ever , like with all other litters . I have 2 cats , and one box of this litter lasts about 2 weeks when the weather 's bad and they 're indoors ; longer if they 're spending time outside . AND if you 're conscious of your cat 's health and prefer natural products , this is FAR superior to the pine , wheat and corn products I have tried , with regard to odor , weight , ease of clean-up , tracking , everything . It is such a superior product and saves me enough annoyance and time on a regular basis that I have resorted to buying it in huge quantities , online , and paying about as much in shipping as I do for the actual litter . To me , a notorious penny-pincher , it 's worth it . It still works out to a comparable price to other litters because it lasts so long . There used to be one grocery store in town that carried it , and they no longer do .
 I have a cat who has always had litter box issues -- she is very picky about the way her litter feels , smells , etc. . This is the first product I 've found that eliminates those issues almost completely . -LRB- I think my cat is too neurotic for the issues to ever go away completely . -RRB- It is soft and smells nice in a natural way -- not chemically scented . It is also inexpensive and soooooooo much lighter to carry than regular cat litter . Definitely worth a try .
 Hello , Kitties can ` exhaust ' the absorbent -LRB- liquid and odor -RRB- properties of this litter . A few years ago , we added this to Feline Pine pellets -LRB- 1-2 inches on the bottom of the pan -RRB- for a great combination . We put about 2-3 inches of Cedarific on top of the pine pellets . The pine pellets do most of the absorbing and the cedar adds fragrance and additional absorbency . Guests have remarked that ours is the ` best smelling litter ' they 've encountered .
 this is the best product for people with any breathing problem.No dust , no clay , just a good cedar smell and great odorcontrol . I searched all over the pet stores and warehousesfor this stuff and found it on amazon.Thank God you have it . Now my mother does n't notice my one cat.Judy Hicks , Mooresville , NC
 HONESTLY all you Cat Owners -- Give this Product a TRY !!! I have -LRB- 6 -RRB- Cats and 6 Litter Boxes -LRB- in the basement -RRB- and the smell is MINIMAL , the bags are Light and REALLY the Litter is Almost Ordor-Free . Not Expensive and I would Highly suggest anyone to give it a try . Cats seem to like pawing at the litter , very soft and a nice smell.Just my Opinion but I think you would like it.Ginnie HassettOhio
 You do n't get too much more cost-effective than this cedar litter . I 've been using it for four weeks now and I have n't used up more than half the bag . It smells terrific , it 's soft , and the cats seem to like it . But it does have a couple of drawbacks . First it 's very light which means it gets tracked everywhere . I 'm finding it all the way across the house on their cat tree.And then , it 's red . It 's not blood red , and the color does tend to fade after some use , but at first sight it 's a little unnerving . You would n't like to look in your litter box and see brownish red , would you ? No , you would n't . It also takes a bit longer to absorb liquids than I 'd like , and I have to spend quite a bit of time turning the litter over to spread the liquid waste around.Odor control is very , very good , and the smell of cedar is lovely . I 've used it in hamster cages and have never minded the scent.It 's definitely in the running for a permanent place in the house , but more research is necessary before I make a decision .
 I have two large cats . They use the largest litter box we could find , and use it several times a day . We have tried every type of litter on the market
 I have two cats that turned up on my doorstep the same cold winter night . One is a true farm tom cat and the other I believe might have been a pet to someone in her first few months . Anyway , knowing these cats have never used a little box I was really concerned bringing them indoors . I prefer to use all natural products so I thought I should try to find the same for them . This litter is great . It does control the odor extremely well and while the bad review comments are not 100 % false what I have found to work is a thin layer of pine pellets , a layer of pine clumping litter then a load of the cedarific on top . The pine pellets are a great absorbent , the clumping pine takes care of the cedarific soft crumbles . The cedarific does track easier than other litter but I put a wee wee pad in front of the box with a litter mat on top which does help , but the fact that they both use the litter box without a problem is well worth a tiny wood chip here or there . Nothing a dust pan ca n't fix quick . You would never ever know I have cats if you did n't see them . It is n't inexpensive to do it this way but I only have to change out once a week with two cats . if they did n't like the litter it would cost more to replace whatever they used instead of the box - I am a huge fan of this litter .
 This litter is absolutely awesome . I have found myself walking past the litterbox & thinking , `` Wow ! That litterbox actually smells good ! '' Cedarific gives off a light cedar scent that is very pleasant . It is very light & easy to handle , & also works well with multiple cats .
 Our cat will not use any other cat litter and when we got the email that our auto-ship was cancelled because the pet supply that we buy from no longer carried it we panicked . We were almost out so While looking I found it on Amazon . And it was Prime shipping . So I ordered it and 2 days later -LRB- today -RRB- we got it . First thing I notice was cat litter on the floor where I sat the box down , then I saw the cat littler on the porch and a trail coming into my house where I had carried it in . I was going to just return the purchase but we were out and we can not get it locally . So I opened the box and found what looked like a box cutter slice in the side of the bag . It had spilled out inside the box and was leaking out of the box . I ended up with about half of a 50 liter bag left . I used it and now have to order another bag from somewhere else . Great product but very bad handling .
 lightweight cedar flakes for excellent odor control and easy disposal , it does `` track '' but kitty likes it and you 'd never know we have a housecat if you did n't see her , with daily maintenance there is absolutely no litter box odor !
 This product has helped reduce odor and the cats love it . It also is not so heavy I can change the box without having help , the cedar seems to let the moisture evaporate , instead of mixing a smelly clay that is too heavy to lift . Also no more dust from the clay . Yes I sweep up cedar savings several times a day , but at least I do n't have to scrub wet clay off the floor anymore . THANK YOU
 My cat likes to use this litter . And this product is natural not harmless to my cat . This time i ordered 2 bags each one 50 lb and i will reorder again .
 This litter is the best I 've used . I hated clay -- it stunk unless you scooped it right away and there were the awful dust clouds -LRB- who knows what that does to lungs ? -RRB- We likedNature 's Earth Feline Pine - The Healthy Cat Litter -LRB- 40-lb bag -RRB- because it absorbed odor extremely well ; I did n't mind that it did n't clump because you could n't smell the absorbed urine . We did n't even have to scoop daily for our little cat . Even after a week of not scooping , a visitor said he could n't smell it ! The main trick with Feline Pine was that you needed a special scoop that picked out the solid waste but let the pine pellets through . We actually filed down the bars on a wide slot scoop to make it work better . And of course , you needed patience to train your cat , but following package directions took care of that . We got used to it , and we were very happy , but had to go to certain stores to find it , and sometimes they were out . I looked into buying it online , but the pine pellets are heavy , and shipping was therefore exhorbitant.When I did n't have time to go to the store that carried it , I found Cedarific in my favorite grocery . I thought it might work . I was astounded at how great it worked for me ! It 's lightweight , so it 's easier carrying the bag in , pouring it into the litter box and bringing the box to the bathroom to scoop the solids . We have a large Booda DomeDome , Cleanstep Cat Box , Irisand a small cat ; we only need to scoop it once a week . I have it right under my PC desk -- it smells great -- even better than the pine pellets ! We can use a normal fine slot scoop . But best of all , if my store stops carrying it , I can afford to have this seller on Amazon ship it at $ . -LSB- ... -RSB- a pound plus a few dollars for the per shipment rate , because it 's light . The pine pellets lasted as well per volume , but they were much much heavier , so this lasts much better by weight.I 'm thinking of training my Maltese to use it -- she hates to go out in the rain !
 Even though this is not a clumping litter , it 's become a favorite in my litter setup . I use theLitter Robot LRII Automatic Self-Cleaning Litter Box , Beige , which gets rid of the clumps and puts them in a storage drawer in the base . Between the device 's efficient use of litter , and the fact that it 's designed to have clumps stored so I can go days between bag changes , it can develop some smells.Adding a cup of Cederific wo n't interfere with how well the ` Bot works , and takes care of ANY odor problems , even the stinky issues we got rehabilitating a starved kitten.Better than baking soda ! And that 's saying a lot .
 This is a great product . It is much better to use since you do n't end up with the small &#34; gravel &#34; , like other products , on floors .
 The bags arrived soon after the order was placed , in good condition . We are happy to be able to get this type of cat litter .
 I LOVE THIS LITTER BECAUSE IT IS FLUSHABLE . ALSO , BUYING ONLINE IS CHEAPER THAN GOING TO NEIGHBORHOOD STORE TO PURCHASE .
 With 6 cats in the house & 2 51 qt . litter boxes , scooping is not an option . 2 of our cats are long hair So a lightweight litter tends to cling to their fur . I put the litter box in a heavy contractor bag , add about 3 '' of cedarific & top with 10 pounds of clay litter . When it 's time to change , I just invert the bag & toss . No need to scrub the litter box . Cedariffic deodorizes & lightens the load . I order 2 of the 50 liter bags & get free shipping .
 What a great idea - crushed cedar instead of clay for the cat litter box . Cedarific Cat Litter smells wonderful , is light weight and abosorbs so well you can barely tell it 's been used . Easy to maintain , and my cats transitioned very easily from clay to this product . It does last longer and is much cleaner . I also feel it 's more cost effective in the long run -LRB- the 50 liter bag has lasted me about five weeks for three cats -RRB- and is much easier to work with because it is so much lighter . You may also want to review my bookYou Do n't See Many Chickens in Clearancewhich contains the esssy `` Cross-Cultural Communication , '' a true story of a New Jersey cat who treed a bear in his own back yard . Twice .
 We originally could purchase this litter at our grocery store ... then they stopped getting it . We looked around and found that Amazon has the best price .
 I have been using Cedarific for years now . It smells so much better than the clay litter and my cats love it .
 I 've been using Feline Pine for over a year , based on the recommendation of friends who had been using it for much longer.Over the year , I have found that the FELINE PINE :1 -RRB- Disintegrates into dust way too quickly . After 3-4 days , the solid pellets turned into a huge clump of thick dust that stuck to the plastic bin .2 -RRB- Does n't really cover up the poop . My cats are pretty good about covering it , but the large , solid pellets of Feline Pine prevented this .3 -RRB- Is heavy . I 'm a big guy , but even I have trouble pouring the stuff into the box.I got CEDARIFIC a month ago , and :1 -RRB- It really does smell good ... and not strong or artificial smelling .2 -RRB- Because it 's more like flakes instead of pellets , my cats now have no trouble covering the poop . The flakes coat the poop and remove all the odor , something Feline Pine was n't doing .3 -RRB- MUCH lighter ... when I got the huge package I was wondering how I was gon na get it in , but it was no issue when I actually picked it up .4 -RRB- Does n't disintegrate ... it 's already flakey and does n't turn into the thick , sticky dust of Feline Pine.All in all , a great improvement across the board and highly recommended for current Feline Pine users .
 Luckily I have a cat that seems very tolerable when it comes to me switching litters . I 've been through a half dozen or so varieties in the five years I 've had him and while I 've yet to find the `` purrfect '' litter , this one is pretty good except for the tracking.So prior to this brand , I was usingKitty 's Crumble All Natural Coconut Husk Cat Litter , 14 lb , which worked really well , until Amazon decided to jack the price up and make it unaffordable . This litter had good reviews and , as of this review , is roughly the same price as Kitty 's Crumble used to be here , so I decided to try this out.The 15 pound bag has a nice plastic handle to it and a zip tear opening . The 20 pound bag does n't have a handle , nor a zip tear opening . Inside is just cedar , ground up into very light and circular amounts . It 's like pouring out a bag of sand , only it 's cedar . It has a nice smell to it , is extremely soft and I do n't notice any odor . When Garfunkel urinates in it , it does n't clump and that section turns into a darker , maroon-type color until it dries up . Since he tends to go all the way in the back of the box in the same spot , by the end of the week I notice slight amounts of liquid residue at the bottom of the litter box when I 'm emptying it , but even then , all the litter above it has returned to its normal `` dry '' color and is n't maroon like it was just used.I have a big litter box and just like with the Kitty 's Crumble I use half a bag of this each week , scooping out the poo daily and dumping it all and using another half of the bag from scratch . Works well.The only real problem , as the review title says , is that this tracks like crazy . I live in a studio apartment and within a day you can see the cedar all over my carpet and kitchen linoleum . Also , if I 'm in bed and Garfunkel is doing his business , after he rockets out of the box and jumps onto the bed with me the litter gets all over the sheets . He does have fur tufts on his feet though , so they tend to get trapped in there.This litter would probably be perfect if it did n't track so much . Otherwise , this is a winner .
 It 's great because it 's light weight . Cat has no issues . Absorbs smells well . This bag lasted us 3 months . Planning to reorder .
 I 've done it !!! I 've finally figured out the magic formula for an odorless , easy to maintain litter box!However , before I divulge my magic formula , I must launch into an intro : First of all , I have four cats , 2 of them are large males whose life purposes are to poop and pee , apparently . We used to have a hooded litter box . We progressed from using regular clumping litter to using non-clumping then we switched to World 's Best Cat Litter . Cost-wise , a similar brand called Exquisicat was better for us . After a while though , I noticed that the corn litter would start getting this smell . I can only describe it as a `` dirty barnyard '' stench . It did n't matter how many times we scooped in a day , after a few days , the corn litter would adopt that smell.About three weeks ago , I finally threw up my hands and told myself that I would go on the hunt for the perfect way to cure this litterbox problem . My den smelled like a barn , scooping took forever and it was making me unhappy . I spent hours poring over the reviews on Amazon . I made a purchase of three items totalling almost a hundred dollars ! But you know what ? My den no longer smells bad , the kitties are happy and it takes less than three minutes to clean out the litterbox.First , I purchased this litter : Swheat Scoop Multi Cat Natural Wheat Cat Litter , 25 Pound BagNow , I would like to note that the formula I concocted involved mixing this litter with the wheat litter
 I 've used this stuff for a couple of years now
 I used to use feline pine litter , but it left remnants all over the house and didnt help with odor ! Now i switched to this brand and its simply wonderful . No odor at all , no remnants around house , and healthy for cat and environment . I like it a lot ... and i think my cat does too .
 Cedarific is the best cat litter I 've ever used . Not only does it have a fresh , clean smell , it 's biodegradable , and flushable . I have four cats and I change the boxes half as often and use about 2/3 less than clay litters . Also , it 's easy to lift -- a 50 liter bag weighs only a few pounds . I love it .
 The cat litter is natural cedar chips and is soft on the cat 's feet and on your bare feet . It also smells wonderful ! A 50 liter bag -LRB- 30 lbs . -RRB- lasts about six weeks for a cat whose box is changed once a week and cleaned daily . I like this type of litter much better than the clumping style . I will admit that shipping makes it expensive , but i have used this product for years and wo n't use anything else . Warning , it ca n't be used right after the cat is declawed .
 I used this powder on my carpets and left it on for 1 hour . The directions say leave on 1 to 24 hours . It has a very strong odor , but it worked great . I have 1 cat , and had so many fleas she became anemic . I had treated her with revolution , but because of so many fleas in the carpets , we could not get rid of them . It has been a few months and I have seen no more fleas . Can says it will last 365 days . It also takes care of the larva .
 My cat brought some fleas in the house about a week ago . I was finding bites on my ankles just above my sock line , and soon figured out I had a flea infestation . There were n't that many fleas as I only found about 15 bites on both my ankles.I followed the instructions exactly . I powdered the carpet heavily , making sure to cover every inch . I had to remove most of the furniture in the room to accomplish this . It was a hassle , but if you skip this step , they 'll return with a vengeance . I used an ordinary broom to brush the powder in , and be warned , it saturates the room with powder . After you broom , close the door to the room and let it settle for a couple of hours , or open a couple of windows and let some fresh air in.I waited a week before I vacuumed because I have no children to worry about , and the cat was staying in the garage until the infestation was cleared.I had a flea bite the day after treatment , but beyond that I have n't had any bites . It 's been over a week now with no fleas . The product works as intended , but because I absolutely hate fleas , I went ahead and orderedRaid Flea Killer Plus Carpet & Room Spray , 16.0 OZ -LRB- 3 Pack -RRB- spray to make sure the fleas are dead . The Raid spray has over twice the effective chemicals as this product , but this product worked just fine .
 I have been using this feeder for a few months now , and it has worked very well , although one must be careful not to put it over a filter that might cause moisture to get into the feeder . I find the feature of the feeder turning like the hour hand of a clock very useful . It allows me to adjust the exact hour at which the fish are fed . However , the reason that I am not giving it 5 stars , is because the lid is difficult to snap off , and after doing it a few times , one of the clasps cracked . Otherwise , it is a well-made and reliable product .
 Been using this feeder in my aquarium for several years now , and it is great . Simple design gives you one of those , why did n't I think of that moments .
 I had one of these feeders back in college and have boughten another one for my office fish tank . It is very reliable and the battery lasts forever , so you just fill it with food and forget it . Only thing I have noticed is if you are feeding flake fook , you might have to crush them up a bit , so the food slides throught the tube . After a year , 5 fish are still alive , happy and healthy with this product .
 I went on vacation , I have three 5 inch gold fishes . I had to crumble the food , but it worked efficiently and quietly . It has kept working when I came back .
 I have had one of these for over a year and my fish are thriving ! This is a classroom tank and is even left for weeks at a time over the summer ; the feeder has never failed me . I do leave the lid of the tank as closed as possible without interfering with the feeder to avoid moisture in the feeder . I am actually visiting this sit right now to buy another feeder to attach to a send , new tank for my classroom .
 I have had this automatic feeder on my aquarium for more than 5 years , and it works just fine . I just bought a new one last month because my father pulled out the drum `` to clean it '' after vacation and he might broke some piece while pulling it . I had the same problem of evaporation that get the flakes wet and unnable to fall from the feeder , but it was my fault , because I put the stone that makes bubbles very close to the point where the feeder release the food.Also , I had to use alcaline batteries in it . Every time I try to use my rechargable batteries , the feeder just do n't work , but the batteries last a long time in the feeder -LRB- more than two months -RRB- . So , at this point I 'm pretty happy with this feeder . Is cheap , is easy to instal and program and clean if you do n't try to pull out the drum : -RRB-
 This unit works great . I have used it while away for 10 days at a time . But the trick is not to use flake food . I use the small cichlid pellets . I can see how flake food could get damp or a large flake getting in the way of it reloading . With the small ROUND cichlid pellets they just roll right into the tube when reloading . It will feed twice a day as it just turns like the hour hand of a clock giving you a feed every 12 hours . Make sure it feeds when the lights are on or during daylight when the days are long .
 I bought this for 10 dollars . I bought it mainly for vacations , so i tested it and it took a load of my hands , i just wanted to test it but now i use it daily . It holds a lot of food , and it distributes it evenly , and almost every 12 hours . Have n't had any evaporation problems yet
 This fish feeder works well , but iwish you could program it , You will be feedig your fish twice a day , but have know controll as to the hours . feedigs are 12 hours apart
 This is a good little vacuum for your aquarium . It 's battery operated -LRB- 2 C 's -RRB- and it 's small enough to get between rocks or other objects . We 've used this item several times . The little catcher bag will fall off if you do n't have it clamped tightly on the vacuum . My husband usually just holds it with his hand , but I think you could just put a rubber band on it and that would be fine . Anyway , this little vacuum does a good job and we 've used it quite a bit since we bought it .
 These treats seem fine . My dog likes variety and these are different flavors . Think they 're just the right size when you just want to satisfy them with a small treat .
 I 'm writing this on behalf of my two Pembroke Corgis that are crazy about these . They get a couple every day and do n't leave a crumb behind . When the package arrived , I inspected it very carefully for nuisance pests that others have mentioned receiving . I repackaged them into a plastic bag and placed back into the original box which stores in the garage and refill a large repurposed plastic pretzel container inside for treat giving every few months . When I first refilled the container , I made sure once again there was no pest problem.I plan to keep on buying these on the subscription plan -LRB- 2 times a year -RRB- until they tell me otherwise or I experience something negative . The price is very competitive and I believe it is the best bang for the buck , especially with the free shipping on Subscribe and Save .
 I 've been giving these to my 3 Goldens for a few years now , but have only been able to get them in smaller quantities ... the 20 lb box is GREAT !
 I save money with this bulk shipment . A box lasts me about 6 months and my dog really likes them .
 My fish are so happy replacements are made , as my wheels looked like mud-caked ammonia spikers .
 Ordered wrong model not the sellers fault , Im sure they would have worked fine , there is not much to them after all .
 This is a great toy for little dogs who love the squeeky toys . My Mom 's dog is small and can run around with this in her mouth for hours . She was delighted when I gave it to her !
 These are the greatest balls for large dogs . Latex stuffed for long life and playability . I bought five and am still on the first one .
 exactly what i was trying to find and they had them in stock and arrived early great job
 I think this to be a great toy and my dog does not . I do n't think he likes the horns .
 My cats love being brushed with this and it is easy to handle . It removed more hair than any other brush I have used .
 shipping was really good , and i got what i ordered on time . will buy from again , alittle pricy but my little dog likes them .
 My cats love this food , even the picky eater . The neighbors cat came over visiting with the neighbor and discovered the cat food dish . Now the neighbor says his cat will no longer eat his cat food and wanted to know what I fed my cats .
 there is a lot of good things in this food and my cats adore it . the pieces are small so there is a lot of food in this bag . it smells good when opened and the cats love to eat it right out of the bag . it 's a nice big bag with good food and i love the large sizes with my zoo .
 I feed lots of cats and I greatly appreciated the quantity of food sold in this bag and the cats enjoyed it too .
 for an off brand , my cats love it , their coats are smooth and silky , they have had no stomack problems with it and they actually finish whats put in front of them . great product .
 My cat starting eating since day one.Appears to be gourmet like it says on the bag.Looks fresh and good size .
 My golden retriever absolutely loves this ball . I love it because it 's the one toy he has yet to destroy . The ball is soft , has a great squeak , yet incredibly durable . Would highly recommend .
 My golden lab loves this squeaky ball . She likes the sound it makes while it is going through the air and each time it bounces . If your dog opens it up there is stuffing inside that needs to be thrown away . It is hard to chew open .
 I have a Emperor 400 filter and needed the bio wheels for it but pet stores wanted too much . Price was great and shipped quickly . Works perfectly in my filter .
 got it , thank u its what i wanted thats all thank u , why does it tell u to write more then u want ?
 I bought this for a replacement , even though I may never have to use it . Better to have it and not need it than need it and nit have it . I presume that this replacement will work as perfectly as the original , which I received with the Mainland Emperor 400 Power Filter .
 It is what it is . If you have a fish tank then this is for you . It last a long time and its cheaper than it is at a pet store .
 I use one emp400 on 5 different 125 gallon tanks with a canniseter filter and tanks stay beautiful I 've tried several different filters on backs of my tanks none compare to the emp400 I love them A + product .
 This is a great filter system . It took several weeks for the impeller noise to settle down . I purchased it for my 90 gallon tank and it works very well .
 This cat toy really does capture our cats ' attention . Our cats love it whether we use it as described in the instructions -LRB- make it look like a snake from behind a chair , etc. -RRB- or just whirl it around above their heads . The only reason this toy gets 4 stars instead of 5 is because when used in `` snake '' mode it can make the kitties a bit aggressive . This caution is also in the enclosed instructions , but with unpredictable small children in the house , close supervision is necessary . We keep it put up and out of site when not in use . This also helps keep the wow factor high each time we bring it out . The toy has held up really well . After a few weeks of use , it is still in perfect shape . Overall , this is a well designed and well made cat toy .
 I have 3 labs who absolutely love this ball . They carry it everywhere and even sleep with it . And they do n't destroy it like all their other toys . The only problem is they are impossible to find . I bought 5 from Amazon so I could stock up . Great product but very rare !
 My Golden has loved this football for 5 years . Even as a puppy when she desired to rip everything apart she never put a hole in this football . Two weeks ago I visited my old house in GA and found one of these footballs outside . It had to be there for 3 years . The football was in great condition and still inflated . I would have only had to buy one of these for her lifetime , but here in PA we have another Golden in the neighborhood that is a toy thief , so I try to keep some extras . My dog never plays with a toy unsupervised . A G Geary
 This is the only `` hard '' synthetic chewy my dog is really interested in . It is slightly pliable rubbery material - but he 's had others with a similar feel that he would n't chew as long as this . Not sure if it 's the nubby texture ? I bought this size hoping he could hold in his paws , but it 's still a little short -LRB- he 's a 20 pound dog -RRB- . We end up holding one end while he chews - with his eyes closed and an expression of pure joy . He works pretty hard at it for 10 minutes or so .
 Everytime my wife breaks out a new Nylabone Dental Chew for Dottie , our Jack Russel , she thinks it Christmas all over again . She gets excited with great anticipation while watching my wife tear open the package . This is the only thing in the house Dottie chews on . She does swallow parts of it while chewing , but it all comes out in the end . And she 's been doing this for 2 years with no problems .
 My 70 pound English bulldog loves this Nylabone . It stands up to her constant attention !
 i have purchased the nylabone dental bone for most of the dogs i have cared for during my life and the dental bone is a favorite . it provides hours of chewing enjoyment .
 I 've purchased dozens of different bones in the effort to divert my puppy 's attention from furniture , shoes , etc. to chew on something constructive . I 've tried other nylabone products -LRB- both edible and not -RRB- , as well as pigs ears ... anything . This is the ONLY bone that he 'll chew on , and he LOVES it ! We leave a few them out around the house , and he gets excited every time he comes across them . This bone has saved countless household items from the wrath of puppy teeth - I could n't be more pleased with the product , it 's longevity , and quality , all for a great price .
 My fox terrier loves these . They are hard synthetic -LRB- rubberized plastic of some sort -RRB- , and she 's a strong chewer . They last about two weeks , until she has gnawed down the two ends . The raised bumps across the surface make it ideal for good oral health , and as they break off over use , the pieces are pea-size , so easily passed through the digestive system if swallowed -LRB- and certainly not sharp -RRB- . I started my dog with these as a puppy , and two years later they are still her favorite toy . More importantly , she always channeled her chewing onto these , and never got into destructive chewing activity . They 're also lightweight and easy to throw for indoor or outdoor retrieval fun . My 17lb dog likes the Wolf size . You can find these in stores , but the better buy is here on-line -LRB- I save about $ 2 a piece -RRB- . My 4 out of 5 would be a 5 if these lasted a little longer , but I know to stock up .
 Review from 10 yr old Yorkshire Terrier -LRB- 15 pounds -RRB- ... . ABSOLUTE FAVORITE TOY ! Constantly chews . Smaller size was suggested by chart , but Wolf has taken the cake with proper size selection . I rarely see my yorkie without the dental chew . Constant !!!! I have had to shop several stores to locate locally . Now the price is like HALF here . So Amazon to the rescue .
 My fox terrier loves these . They are hard synthetic -LRB- rubberized plastic of some sort -RRB- , and she 's a strong chewer . They last about two weeks , until she has gnawed down the two ends . The raised bumps across the surface make it ideal for good oral health , and as they break off over use , the pieces are pea-size , so easily passed through the digestive system if swallowed -LRB- and certainly not sharp -RRB- . I started my dog with these as a puppy , and two years later they are still her favorite toy . More importantly , she always channeled her chewing onto these , and never got into destructive chewing activity . They 're also lightweight and easy to throw for indoor or outdoor retrieval fun . My 17lb dog likes the Wolf size . You can find these in stores , but the better buy is here on-line -LRB- I save about $ 2 a piece -RRB- . My 4 out of 5 would be a 5 if these lasted a little longer , but I know to stock up .
 This was a great chew for my Boston until she turned 6 mos . Then she started chewing the nubs off and eating them . If you have a heavy chewer get hard plastic chew toys .
 My dog is a powerful chewer so he is able to bite off small chunks the size of a peanut ; however , it takes him a very long time to do this , so as long as I inspect the toy once in a while , I can generally tell when a piece is about to come off . I use a sharp knife to preemtively remove small chunks that are ready to come off . Highly recommend .
 My Marineland ` H.O.T. Magnum ' canister filter began making noise and working intermittently . -LRB- No complaints , since I 've had it in near constant service for over ten years . -RRB- After disassembling it , I discovered that the small bearing at the magnet end of the impeller shaft had detached.Found this replacement part here , after flinching at the forty dollar price my local pet store wants for the same item . Purchased it here for less than half of that amount , including shipping.It 's an exact fit -LRB- although my original impeller was orange , not blue -RRB- , and my trusty aquarium filter is once again silent , and working like new.Good ol' Amazon.com to the rescue again !
 - After - the worrisome night when our dog shook her head for hours , and having to traumatize and then sedate her at the vet 's to find and get out the foxtail seeds embedded in both ears , I heard from a friend about Petskope ... She 's had hers for about 20 years , has used it countless times on many dogs , and considers it a godsend - and I 'm really relieved to have one on hand . -LRB- Pull a dog 's ear outward when using it , to straighten the long ear canal enough to get it inside where you can see what 's going on . -RRB- Friend said , `` then you 'll know what you 've got - if it 's black and yucky , that 's probably ear mites ; if red and yucky , it 's an infection ; but it 's usually seeds - and then I just put some mineral oil in the ear , and they 'll usually float out on their own '' -LSB- if you 've looked before they 've become embedded - use the Petskope to check at the first sign of head-shaking or ear-scratching ! -RSB- . -LRB- A related tip
 I like to use these in my fish tanks to catch debris and food before it gets a chance to hit my main filters . You can cut them to size and one roll lasts years . I use them in the tank on intake hose , food gets caught and the fish still have a chance to eat it , when its dirty I toss it.I also use this inside my filters if I run out of my regular pre filters and need to replace . I cut to size and use till my good filters arrive in the mail .
 This is a very good material to use if you run out of regular carbon filters or are using a treatment process which requires no carbon . For my filter device , a Marineland Bio-Wheel Power Filter Penguin 200 , I use an old filter frame -LRB- from which I have cut the used filter material and dumped the old charcoal -RRB- as a support frame and press into it the sized & cut piece of this filter pad material .
 Came in gret time . Works fine , using it in small pieces to pre filter water for my drinking water filter .
 I have been purchasing these filter pads for 2 years . I cut out pieces to replace the filters in my aquarium and it 's much more cost-effective to purchase these pads rather than purchasing already cut filters . It 's an excellent bargain and I highly recommend it to everyone
 This is an awesome filter Edina that is fine floss but works very well at trapping even the smallest of debris to keep you tank clear .
 You get a decent sized pad to cut into whatever shapes you need . Marineland makes an excellent quality filter pad .
 This filter material is decent . After doing research on carbon filters and how they can be unnecessary and go bad after a month I decided to use a non chemical filter material.The sponge material will trap a lot of debris and works decently , but tiny particles will most likely slip through the sponge holes because the material is n't well compressed . I was looking for a product to capture every single debris so my water can be crystal clear but this filter media just does n't do the trick.It is tricky to cut if you do n't know what your doing and does n't fit too well in my penguin 330 biowheel filter without minor adjustments . I had to cut out my carbon filters and use the back plate to stop the sponge from touching my biowheel which would constantly stop spinning due to the sponge touching it.Good for beneficial bacteria to grow on and traps a lot of debris , comes with a big sheet for a great price and seems fairly durable . Material size is not too good for a hang on back penguin bio wheel filter and will not make your water crystal clear . Just was n't the product I was hoping for but still decent for many other filters especially custom sump and canister filters.Please let me know if my review was helpful thanks .
 Just a great pad , comes in good sized sheet perfect width for cutting squares for my rena xp3 . Easy to hose off and reuse . Amazon price is amazing aswell I was paying double at my local pet store .
 Like the product . wish it came in a bigger roll . You have to be a little patient , but its worth it .
 I 'm using this with refillable cartridges in a penguin 350 filter , working great so far for a few days . I cut it to fit , its nice and think and seems to keep the water nice and clean , plus the stuff on the premade filters has gotten so thin and cheap this feels much nicer , looks like it will be enough for 10 refills or so .
 I bought this because my Brother in law decided to drop his turtle off for his nephews . Great idea but wow aquatic turtles are so messy and the filter replacements get so expensive so I decided to buy this as well as some activated carbon to fix my filters on my own . It works great , I love the fact that you get to use as much or as little to fit your perfectly in your filter . I always add a little more then I need it seems to help keep the filter going stronger longer ! I am planning on getting a pond so this will be a go to for that filter as well !
 It 's not really going to trap the fine particles but it will trap the rest . You get a very , very large piece that can be cut to any size you need it to be . Will hold tons of beneficial bacteria once colonized . Great buy .
 Works well for removing debris from my saltwater tank . I recommend cutting the sheet into many pads to size at once .
 I had tried other products and this is by far the best ever . I can cut it to fit the different sizes of filters without worry and without much hassle . It is very durable and collects a lot of debris that other products would let through . Very happy with this product .
 I have five small aquatic turtles so we use a big filter . This product is one of the products we use in our filter and it helps keep the tank cleaner longer .
 First of all , this is a lot of filter pad . 312sq inches which is 12 `` x24 '' . I use it to make `` boots '' for my over the side filters . I cut and sew them to fit , very easy and fast with a needle and thread . This filters out a lot of junk and your filters last longer inside . I just rinse them when I do my water changes and put them back on . It also keeps your fish from being sucked into the intake , which seems to be a problem with the larger filters , especially for small fish or lazy beta 's . My fish swim right up to the filters and pick the food that is stuck to it . A great product and I have made boots for all my tanks .
 Seems to work well in my canister filter . The pad is highly porous yet thick , this makes for good pre filter media . It will remove the big stuff , keeping the majority of your media cleaner . Also it is very cheap , this allows you to replace it more frequently . This order of 312in ^ 2 provides a large amount . So you can cut it and create several prefilter pads at a great price .
 I use this to wrap my filter-less pump in my pond . This product does a great job trapping dirt and particles , it is also very easy to clean and reuse . great to used as a pond filter .
 What more can I say ? It 's filter floss , it works like intended and it allows me to replace the silly cartridges that most filters come with . I use this stuff in all my filters instead of paying for new cartridges that often come with carbon and other things you do n't need on a regular basis .
 used to replace stock filter media . Is 3x as thick so have to work it a little to slide it into the slot but water is 5x cleaner and has so far lasted 2x as long and still going !
 I bought this material to make replacement pre-filters for my cats ' Drinkwell 360 fountain . The pre-made filters are way too expensive . They are made out of the same material as this filter pad . I just cut the size I needs and make two pre-filters to stack on top of each other as the filter is tall . I have enough material for years worth of pre-filters . Great product !
 I bought this as an additional media to add to my Aquaclear media baskets and was very happy when I received it . It was a lot thicker than I anticipated , but that is not an issue . I will be using it in my Aquaclear 70 and Aquaclear 50 , and love that I can cut it to size for each model . I will be able to get many changes out of this one roll of filter pad .
 Well made durable filter media . Just cut it to whatever shape you would like and install . Rinse it out and it comes clean easily , it seems to be very durable and should last for a long time . Only time will tell .
 Item came on time and was a perfect price and exactly what I needed.Very easy to cut and form . I had to take off two inches so it would fit my sump tank .
 I use these filter pads doubled up as a pre filter in my sump They get tossed out about every two weeks or so , they do a great job of phase one of filtration in three step filtration process . Throw and go !
 We bought this food because our dog was so thin . It has helped , he is an active Whippet with a lot of energy . He loves it .
 We switched to this when Canidae changed their formula and my dogs got incredibly sick . We either alternate this with the chicken and rice or mix the two bags for our two labs . Their coats and teeth are beautiful and the nutritional content helps keep them active , healthy and happy . Definitely recommend !
 I was looking for a Vo-Toy `` Shaggy Man '' to give to a friend for her new , rescued dog . Because I was unable to find one , I decided to give two of the VoToy `` grrr-emlins '' squeaker toys . They are very funny and unique . Both were a big success with the dog
 dog loved the taste from the start , allergies seem a bit better . vendor ships very quickly and even sent a larger size when smaller was out for smaller sized price !
 My dog loves this food , and all the dogs in my boyfriend 's family do too . I trust Eagle Pack to make nutritious , safe food for dogs . But I believe the best advertisement for this dog food is the fact that my mom 's dog likes it too . She is very picky and turns down wet food that my dog gobbles up . She gets a lot of table scraps so she usually just skips her dog food and waits for the family dinner . But while I was visiting , we caught her sneaking around my dog 's bowl , eating what he dropped . My mom tried giving her this for her regular meals , and now she has actually started eating dog food every day . I do n't know if it 's worth paying shipping on a huge bag of dog food , but I highly recommend Eagle Pack holistic .
 We have been using this food for our dogs for more than four years . They have never had any physical problems and always have the best check ups with our vet.Amazon has the best price in the country for this product .
 We were looking for a simple dog food for our dogs and found this at our local health food store . One was having colitis and another was breaking out and it was just a huge fiasco ! This is clearing it right up though , and they potty less , another plus !
 We switched to this when Canidae changed their formula and my dogs got incredibly sick . We either alternate this with the chicken and rice or mix the two bags for our two labs . Their coats and teeth are beautiful and the nutritional content helps keep them active , healthy and happy . Definitely recommend !
 This is the best dog food out there . Our dogs skin problems have cleared beause of this holistic food .
 This guy is grrrreat !!! Valley loves the loud squeaky-ness and the 6 tough legs to chew on!lHe is tough on his toys ... the latex lasts longer than hard plastic -LRB- which he just chews up and destroys -RRB- .
 It was brought to my attention by a friend who owns a local pet store that many of our three cats ' problems -- weight gain , shedding , and inability to hold their food down -- were undoubtedly a result of their diet of Meow Mix . So 2 weeks ago I picked up a bag of Precise on her recommendation , and the difference in the cats is astounding.Their energy instantly improved . Even our old , lethargic cat started playing again . As active as they now are I am sure their weight will improve as well . Their coats have a new shine and the shedding has been reduced drastically . As for holding down their food ? I have not had to clean up a mess in 2 weeks!I was concerned that the price per bag for 6.6 ounces of food might stretch my budget , as it is a bit more than your average grocery store/Wal-Mart cat food , but what I have learned is that with a diet rich in vitamins and meat -LRB- not just by-products -RRB- the cats actually consume less . Factoring this in , I think the cost for a bag of Precise is very close to that of a lower quality cat food.I also worried the cats would not like this food , as they are extremely picky and it had reached a point that Meow Mix is all they wanted . They love it ! I will NEVER go back to cheap grocery store cat food .
 I got this part to use with my Vortex diatom filter to facilitate recharging it . Adding this quick-connect shut-off valve makes that chore a bit easier , but no matter how you try to clean out used diatom residue and add fresh material , its no picnic . Quality of the valves is good and the only thing that is downside is that separating the quick-connect valves can be a little difficult . Suggest lubricating them with vaseline to make this easier .
 Fits great and will grow with your dog . My dog is only 2 lbs and it fits her now but adjusts to fit a bigger dog .
 The item is of sturdy construction and higher quality than expected . The only watch out I would give is that the plastic lock shaft turn piece thing on the bottom is easy to deform if you just try to push one side of it -LRB- like with a small screwdriver -RRB- so always open & close with a pair of needle nose pliers.That being said ... HOW IN GOD 'S NAME DO YOU PUT THE AMMONIA REMOVING MEDIA / CHARCOAL SUBSTRATE IN THIS GODFORSAKEN THING?Seriously though . The way the inner inlet tube projects relative to the rod that turns and locks it closed makes it impossible to keep one end open to put the substrate in without pushing the plastic mesh out of the guides that hold it in place ? I am tempted just to cut a little ` door ' in the plastic mesh and then just zip tie it closed after I fill it up.Surely I am doing something wrong . The Magnum 350 canister filter did n't have any instructions with it -LRB- bought used -RRB- so any help would be greatly appreciated .
 I purchased this basket when my old one broke . I am very satisfied with the new one as it looks a lot cleaner and is exactly the same part as the old one .
 I have a Marineland 250 Mag Filter that I move from tank to tank for polishing at cleaning time . Having extra Micron inserts is very important to speed my cleaning after meals ... . This works great ...
 This is part -LRB- the filter part -RRB- of the larger HOT -LRB- hang over tank -RRB- cannister filter by Marineland . This unit pulls the fine particles out of the water MUCH better than standard power filters . This sleeve needs to be rinsed off fairly frequently . Not for everyday use , the blue sleeve that comes with the power filter is for that . You have to have the Marine HOT power filter in order to use this filter . This setup is for polishing the water when your tank needs a little pick-me-up water clarity . Makes the tank crystal clear ! -LRB- I am talking about the whole unit , power cannister that this filter fits into -RRB- . The fish look like they are suspended in air the water is so clean . Couple of drawbacks though , the unit is somewhat noisy and bulky . Will not fit just anywhere . Be SURE to FILL IT UP COMPLETELY before you turn it on . Also , this blows the water out of the tube pretty quickly and this cannister is NOT for small aquariums . If you use it on anything smaller than a 30-40 gallon , be prepared for the water to slam your little fish all over your tank . WONDERFUL for larger tanks !
 I 've used several of these on my 180 gallon aquarium over the past decade . Great filter . Never had any problems with them .
 This is a great product . However , it does require frequent cleaning with bleach and water solution . The instructions for this come with the product . It really gets all the fine particles out of your water . It leaves my tank sparkling clear .
 fits my magnum and dose an amazing job!I am typing twelve more words so that i can be done now .
 Turtles are charming , but filthy eaters
 What more can you ask ? All you have to do is rinse it out , soak it in bleach and it is like new again . This product works as advertised . Been using it for at least 15 years now and only had to replace it once , just a few weeks ago , and I used the polisher about once a month . Excellent product .
 An inexpensive -LRB- when purchased here @ Amazon , at least -RRB- replacement cartridge , identical to the one that came with my H.O.T. Magnum aquarium filter , which lasted over ten years.Great for occasional ` water polishing ' , but not suitable for longterm , continuous aquarium filtration , as its ultra fine particle filtration capacity means that it soon clogs with debris -LRB- 2-3 days -RRB- and greatly reduces the filter 's flow . It then requires an overnight soaking in a bleach and water solution , followed by a second soak in a dechlorinator solution , before being used again.Be sure to install this filter cartridge with the blue , ` Right Size ' foam filter sleeve over it , to help pre-filter larger particles that would contribute to the micron cartridge becoming clogged even sooner than usual .
 I ordered 2 Magnum Micron Cartridge Water Polishing Filters . They were easy pay fast ship and exactly as described . Just what I needed.Thanks !
 I 've been using the Marineland PAO140 Magnum Micron Cartridges for more than twenty years and they excelled all my expectations . They 're easy to use and a snap to change . If you wish , the cartridge can be used numerous times by simply following the cleaning instructions on the box that the filter comes in . Personally , I prefer to use the filter for two weeks , replace it with a new one and dispose of the old filter cartridge . It would virtually be impossible to find a better product .
 I think this is a very good filter product . It does exactly what it claims to do , and does it quickly . As a secondary filtration product , it is very easy to hang one off your tank for a clean up job , easy to set up , easy to clean up when done , never failed to produce crystal clear water when matched to the correct tank size . I use multiples on larger tanks . Definitely recommended when used appropriately.Hail Flavius !
 I recently received a free sample of Wellness Super5Mix puppy food in the mail . I gave a couple of pieces to my puppy to see how she liked it . She loves it ! She thinks it 's a treat and gets just as excited over it as she does her liver treats , maybe more . She even snapped at the cat , and she 's usually willing to share her food , treats , and toys with no problem.The ingredients are very high quality , providing excellant nutrition without a lot of added fillers and things she does n't need . I 'm switching her over to this food . She loves the taste and I love the ingredients .
 This dumbbell dog toy is really cute ! My small dogs love to play with this and they especially love making the squeaking noise . This product is very tough , my dogs like to chew on it and it 's still good as new ! Highly Recommended !
 It is a perfect fit for our Rubbermaid stock tank , unlike the ` universal ' unit we replaced.The element is kept away from our inquisitive horses with no risk of it being pulled from the tank.It automatically turns on and off when needed . Some reviewers complain of their electric bill , but I 'm not sure what product they think provides free electricity . When its on it uses electricity , that is a very simply principal .
 We bought this for our neighbor who has horses . They would play with the floating one so the plug-in kind was the best option .
 I 'm so happy with this tank heater . Not only did it come quickly it solved a major issue for me . I have used a similiar product froma competitor and this season after 1 years use it keep popping my GFI and was a major concern for me and my 3 horses . As soon as this new heater came and installed the GFI has not popped and my boys are happy . THANK YOU and yes buy it .
 We have used these stock tank heaters for years.they fit Rubbermaid stock tanks down at the bottom where the drain plug is , they do not fit buckets . Yes this does run up the electric bill , especially if you leave it on all the time . The key is to manage the time it is on . I plug it into the outlet in the morning and may leave it on a few hours a day while our cattle are drinking water . it is always unplugged at night . cattle are sleeping at night . I break the ice in the morning on top of the tank and plug in the heater . Unplug it later in the day depending on the outdoor temperature . I minimize the time it is on by allowing the sun to thaw out the ice . If it is above freezing with no or little ice on the water then I unplug it . It is only on when needed , once the ice is melted it gets unplugged . This means a few extra trips out there a day but it keeps me and the dogs active and I love being out with the cows . :--RRB- I hope this helps .
 This harness look great on my black & white pup . It is very easy to get off and on , but be careful if your pet lunges ahead , with the velcro it can easily come undone.The leash is short which is good for control but frustrates the pet .
 We bought this harness for our 10 week old shih-poo who weighed less than 3 lbs . The neck sizing is good and will allow growth . The body piece is large but our puppy will grow into it by the time she comes to her full 6-7 lb size . It was hard to find a harness small enough for her first few months but with a little manipulation this works fine . I like the reflective tape on the harness and leash for walking at night or early morning .
 My dog _ loves _ this toy ! I first bought him one when he was a -LRB- very energetic ! -RRB- puppy , and only slightly bigger than the toy . I set it down on the floor and he pounced on it immediately and played with it until he was tired out . It can go outside just fine -- being latex , it washes up easily -- so it makes a good outdoor as well as indoor toy . It 's fairly tough -- just do n't let your dog use it as a chew toy too much . I made that mistake with the first one , and had to replace it about a year later . It 's really made for chasing and playing.I 've since bought several of the other toys in this series , and while he likes them , this is his favorite .
 Ca n't say too much about it becuase if your system takes this filter pad sleeve , then you have to buy it . And the pad does what it is suppose to do . I was surprise at how the price has gone up in recent years for this item . That is why I recommend washing the pads and reuse them until they begin to fall apart . The best way is to take it outside and use a strong stream of water from a garden hose . The water from the wash can also help your plants grow better .
 Like a third of the price you would pay at a retail store for the SAME product . Works great on my Hot Magnum Filter .
 Best value on parts we use . These were available at local sources but their costs were about twice what we paid here . Repeat orders will be in our future .
 Yes , they are the correct sleeve for my 350 Magnum filters . I have two filters in my 150 gallon fish tank .
 I 've been using this product for at least ten years in conjunction with the micron filter cartridge and it works perfectly . I would definitely recommend this product .
 I search high and low for these filters . Petco and Petsmart does not carry them and if they do they charge an arm and a leg for them . It was easy and fast service .
 I been using these filter sleeves for as long as I 've had Marineland 350 canister filters , which is at least 20 years or more . They do the job they are designed for and you can wash them out and reuse them . The only drawback to them is that once they have been used and you rinse them out , they stretch and do n't fit as snug as when new . This has never been a problem for me because the suction of the filter draws them tight around the carbon basket .
 This is the perfect product for our Magnum filter . Not only does it fit exactly as needed , but it was also shipped in a box and arrived without any creases in the filters themselves . Works great .
 These filter floss sleeves are extremely nice for keeping the carbon basket clean and fresh for longer . A 3 pack will last quite a long time so I feel this is a very worth while investment .
 I bought a 3 pack of these filters for the Marineland Magnum 350 Canister filter and they work great . I have a 30 gallon tank with one turtle and replace the filter sleeve every 4-6 weeks -LRB- and he 's a dirty little guy ! -RRB- . It really helps keep the tank clean and is soooo much easier than cleaning the entire tank . I highly recommend these sleeves and the filter itself . I 've seen these filter sleeves in Petsmart , Petco , etc. for $ 9.99 for a single replacement sleeve , so you wo n't beat this price of ~ $ 9 for three of them . Great product !
 These are plastic filter sleeves for the Magnum 350 aquarium filter . They fit well and keep my 60 gal aquarium crystal clear . They are made by Marineland , the company that makes the filter . I like to order them from Amazon so I do n't need to go to the store .
 They really suprised me with the fast service and just what I ordered . Will do business with them again . Thanks !!
 Better than you can do at walmart , etc. . No different than what you would buy in a higher price store .
 The product arrived on time and was at a very good price . Will order again .
 It looks like the element that came with the filter new . I saw a review that thought they were thinner than the original element , but perhaps the company os now making them thinner . I see no change .
 Easy to install , easy to clean , I use this filter for my turtle , and it really picks up the gunk well .
 This filter system is the best there is on the market ! Foam sleeves are a part of it . The entire system is reasonably inexpensive ! Thanks !
 I ordered wrong size they are foam and to small for me but I will cut up and use in a power filter so thats what happens when you order online every now ant then .
 Marineland filters ... what can I say ? If you 're reading this you know how well these canister filters work . I ran 3 of these for over a decade and recently replaced one . Great value . Check Amazon.com for new magnum 250 's too !
 This is a ` specific need ' type product . I did some research and this is a fantastic price on it . I love all my Marineland products but this was just a great way to get filters .
 I appreciate the fast service and the fact I could gat a 3 pack for about the same price as a single @ my L.F.S. here in Hawaii where everything is overpriced . Genuine Marineland product , not a imatation .
 We used to feed Innova kibble -LRB- made by Natura Pet , the same company that makes Heathwise -RRB- and were always impressed by its quality . However , our dogs tended to put on weight quickly when eating it because it 's pretty high-calorie , so we switched to Canidae about 5 years ago . Well , now that Canidae has a new formula that caused gastric issues with one of our dogs , we 've started feeding Healthwise . As far as I am aware , this company was never involved in any of the recent recalls or had any quality-control problems , so we feel good about trusting them . Our dogs ' transition to Healthwise was easy , and after several months on this kibble both are in picture-perfect heath . The other Natura Pet kibbles are pricey -LRB- $ 50 + / 35lbs at our local feed store -RRB- , but at an affordable $ 33/35lbs Healthwise is nonetheless a solid product -- absolutely no corn or by-products , good high-quality meats and whole grains , no fillers or junk , and all indications are that it 's tasty too . Hooray !
 The combination of oatmeal and chicken seems to work best with my scottish terriers . I think the oatmeal is a better source of carbohydrates and easier to digest than rice for them . Mine love iit -- even my picky eater is cleaning his plate .
 We have a German Shepherd mix who we call `` Snooty McSnooterson '' because of her picky eating habits . When we adopted her , we started her out on Chicken Soup dry dog food , but it was always a chore to get her to eat it , and she had ongoing issues with loose stools . Since switching her to this food , she 's always excited about mealtime , her stools are consistently good , and her coat is shiny . Recommended !
 I really like this brand of food because its made by a reputable company that makes high quality products , yet it doesent cost a fortune unlike other premium brands . Whats ironic is that this foods quality doesent even come close to those so called `` premium '' brands sold at vet clinics , just compare the ingridients . Yet it costs so much less . You dont have to break the bank to afford to feed this to your dog , plus its widely available , just check the store locator on their site .
 This product has been great for our weimeraner . He was eating Wellness , which he loved . But they kept jacking their prices up - so we had to switch . Our dog food retailer recommended Healthwise as a comparable solution . He has very sensitive skin . With Healthwise , he still does n't itch and it has no corn or by products .
 The filter cartridges are very well made and last a long time . They will keep your fish tank clean and the fish in the tank will be happy . Will buy again in the near future .
 awesome product that was much cheaper than my local pet store charges . use these in my two filters that filter my 55 gallon tank with no complaints .
 A filter is a filter and this one is no different it does it 's job ! The only difference in this then my old 20 gallon whisper filter is that these filters are for bigger filters and thus have dual sides where one is filled with carbon . This is beneficial as it helps with the smell of the tank .
 I have only used this type of filter for my aquarium , but I ca n't imagine any working as well as these do . I look at other aquariums , and they do not compare . It recommends changing them I believe every month . I change them every six months to maybe a year . My aquarium still looks great .
 The price here is much better than I 've found in any pet store , WHEN I 've even found these in a pet store . Fits in ourMarineland Penguin Power Filter , 50 to 70-Gallon , 350 GPH .
 I have owned a Marineland filter system for our 55 gallon aquarium since 1998 and these filter cartridges work great . If you have alot of fish in your tank , just be sure and change your filter cartridges every 2-3 weeks to get the best results . I change mine every 2-weeks and the water is always nice and clear .
 Worked just as well as the much more expensive pet stores . Have bought several times and have yet to be disappointed .
 I love my Emperor 400 filter by Marineland . These filters are what you are supposed to use for it . Amazon is the best place to go to buy your aquarium supplies . I have a 29 gallon full of cichlids and 2 bushynosed plecos and these filters run like a champ ! Much more cheaper getting them on here than stores like Petsmart , Petco , etc. . About 50 % off retail !
 The price was the cheapest I 've found anywhere . These filters are awesome and contribute to all my fish , inverts and corals smiling at me and saying THANK YOU !!
 I am using this filter for an aquatic turtle and need two per cleaning . Awesome price for a good filter ! Delivered as promised - very fast . I will definitely purchase these filters through Amazon again !
 Hey they are filter cartridges , same as you can buy at the store only cheaper and at your door . I am interested though in using the refillable trays and cutable filter pad . I 've purchased them , once I run out of cartridges I will give them a try .
 I have been using the Marineland Emporer filter on my fish tanks for many years . It has a nice balance of mechanical , Chemical and biological filtration . This insert includes both mechanical and chemical aspects -LRB- via the activated carbon -RRB- . It works effectively and is really reasonably priced from Amazon.The only reason I give it 4 stars is because the cartridge includes carbon built in . I do n't necessarily mind this most of the time because after some time , it pretty much just becomes more biological material -LRB- Do n't believe the myths out there , the carbon does not leach stuff back into the tank after 30 days -RRB- . The part I do n't like is if I want to medicate the tank I have to cut the back of the filter and shake out the carbon . It is not a big deal , is easy to do and the media is still sturdy after doing so , but it is a step that has to be done on those rare cases when a sickness does break out.I use this product primarily for the mechanical filtration and will often clean and reuse the same insert for 6 months or more . The filter material is sturdy and lasts for a long time.For what it is , it is an excellent product .
 It 's becoming harder to find these at my local pet supply retailer so I am very happy to have found them on Amazon and at a cheaper price than at the store ! Hopefully I will continue to be able to purchase these or I will have to look for a new filtrations system .
 I do n't do as many water changes by using this in the bio wheel . It cleans the tank up very quickly .
 its a filter that filters :-RRB- . Does its job , not sure what else to say . Great price compared to the local places .
 The cartridge work just fine with my filter ... they seem to be able to clean the tank and they are easily replaced in the filter ... over all a great design
 These filters always do the job . I have a 35 gallon tank with about 27 fish and it is crystal clear all the time thanks to Marineland .
 I 've been using these in my penguin filter for years . They do a great job , but are on the expensive side . I have two filters that each take two of these cartridges , so I have 4 in use at any given time . I alternate changing two cartridges out at a time and rinsing the other two to get rid of most of the accumulated gunk . This saves some money and also preserves more of the beneficial bacteria that grows on the filter media .
 Not too much to say about these filter cartridges . They fit into place just right and work as they should and there are four of them . You definitely want to make sure you wash each cartridge off before installing into your filter because of the extra amount of carbon and powder that is just sitting on them .
 I ca n't find this product locally anywhere near the price , and they deliver it to my door , how can you go wrong .
 I received this product in a timely manner . The filter pads work great . I 'm totally satisfied will the product and the price was great . I would order from this store again .
 Use in my freshwater tank , Very good and done his job . must have if you use Emperor Power Filter system.the price here at amazon is the best deal i have found over the net !
 Came as expected and fits my filter perfectly ! My fish love to swim around when the water is clean and that is why you replace your filter , right ? Product is the same as what you would purchase in the store , only at a better price ! Would by from Amazon again , shipping was lightning fast !
 I have a salt water fish tank . Good filter . Last longer then the 30 days as recommended . Keeps the tank very clean and clear .
 Purchased these filters through Amazon.com . They arrived in a timley fashion and were as described on the web site . Have used nothing but Marineland brand filters since setting up my 55 gal . tank and have had very good results with them .
 Easy to use , just rinse it out with water to remove the carbon dust from the initial shipment , then slide it into place and let it do it 's job ! So Simple : -RRB-
 I have a lot of fish in my 46 gallon tank -LRB- and 15 live plants -RRB- so I go through about one of these every week . Although there was loose activated carbon in the plastic bag the cartridges did not leak any out and worked great . Needless to say I 've now upped the number I order to the larger 24 pack . If I had bought these from any local pet store -LRB- national/local chain or independent -RRB- I would have spent twice as much money . They shipped immediately and arrived in no time . I 'm completely satisfied .
 This is a great filter . There are many after market filters on the market . But they are made of less sturdy materials thus they do not last as long . If you have the money , buying these filters does seem to make a difference by decreasing the number of water and filter changes that one should do .
 Great quality product without the hassle of trying to find the right size filter in the store . It keeps our tank clear and clean , even when we forget to change them regularly .
 What can you really say about a aquarium filter ? It works . If you have the filter system that uses this , it works as it should . I 've used this system for the last 5 years without a complaint .
 Save a considerable amount buying this product through these guys . Also , for you that do n't know , rinsing these babies once before replacing can get you another week of excellent filtration .
 These filters help to keep my tank crystal clean . I have used them for many years . Highly recommended .
 I have the Marineland Emperor 280 Biowheel filter . the ready to use replacement filters have a much larger surface area to trap debris and better distribution of the carbon throughout the filter than the Whisper filter I use to use . They can be pretty expensive if you purchase them in a pet store . Through Amazon I found them at one third the cost . I have been very pleased with the filtration system so far . I have fancy Gold fish that are very messy and with this system I have to do gravel cleanings half as often .
 I just picked it out , bought it and a few days later it was here . Better quality than some I have gotten in the past and so easy to get .
 We have the older version of this filter and we actually just added this one as a second . We have a large tank -LRB- 110 gallon -RRB- and one is not enough for a tank that size . It 's quiet and it 's nice to have the option to put in different types of filtration cartriges . We have two friends who also run the Emperor with their tanks and have also been very happy with it .
 Excellent value for product . Cheaper than buying in stores.almost half price -LRB- even when factoring in shipping cost !!! -RRB- EXACT SAME PRODUCT SOLD IN STORES
 I use these all the time in my emp 400 . I like to rinse and reuse them , and even though they do hold out for quite some time , I feel the need to handle them delicately . I do n't need charcoal in my tank , I wish they came with the option of no charcoal . Otherwise , other than the flimsy feel and the charcoal content , these are very nice cartridges .
 These filter replacements work perfectly . I have been using this product for 12 years . I love them .
 If you need filters for your Emperor 400 and do n't want to spend $ 20 for a 4 pack at Petsmart or Petco then these are the filters for you . They 're exactly the same as what you would get in store but 50 % off ! We 've started planning ahead and buying 3 of these at a time for 3 months worth of filter changes -LRB- you get free shipping for $ 25 or more orders -RRB- .
 buying these was very easy and simple to do , if i could buy more items i would . Good pricing and costumer service
 A good replacement to the cartridges that came with my filter-and-pump system , I 'm using 4 cartridges at a time and the water is crystal-clear .
 We have the Marineland 400 filter system for our 55 gallon tropical freshwater aquarium . These cartridges are recommended for our filter and work great . Very easy to use and switch out .
 We have had them in our tank for over a month , 55 gallon . good deal for a 4 pack , would recommend .
 This is a very nice product . Even I mistakenly ordered this item for my emperor 350 and and even though the actual package stated to be used with the 200 and 400 series , I decided to use the product anyway . Having to remove the top lid of the filtration system does not bother me in the least . The filter insert does exactly what it is suppose to do and that is to filter the water . The fish tank is crystal clear , so I can assume that this product works just fine . Hope this review helps you to decide .
 The filters are just the same as the ones I bought at the pet stores , same manufacture and they work the same . Real happy with the filters and easer on the pocketbook .
 Excellent and nice costume , good price , but the face of my dog was cover with the costume , so my dog does n't see anything .
 This prduct has helped me many times . I am a hamster breeder and have a lot of hamsters , I save some from pet stores that arent taking good care of them.The ones I had , had wet tail , in fact almost all of my hammies have had wet tail at some point . This product saved them.They would not have made it if it werent for this .
 It was certain that my child 's gerbil would have died without this product . The first bottle I bought from the pet store , which would only last a few days since the first day or two you use it double strength , then the following days it is given more dilute . When I could see that I 'd need a second bottle , the pet store was all out . I looked on Amazon and was able to get another bottle.I could see rapid improvement in our Gerbil in the first 1-2 days . I also set a heating pad on the lowest setting under 1/2 of one of her two cages . I credit the internet for helping me determine what was wrong with our gerbil . Her back end and tummy were all wet suddenly and it was n't from a leaking water bottle . It also looked like one of her eyes was getting infected , this cleared up in the first 2 days also.Note that if your gerbil gets this condition called wet-tail -LRB- diarrhea -RRB- , you should purchase your first bottle of this product immediately -LRB- do n't order by mail -RRB- , the gerbil will die within 1-2 days unless it is treated ASAP .
 Our dachshund looks adobrable in this costume ! We got alot of comments when we took her downtown for a Halloween Party last weekend . She participated in a Pet Costume Competition , and although she did not win , she ranked high on the list ! I liked it so well that I even bought the costume with ketchup for our other pet !
 These clippers are very quiet . They did not stress out my dog . They did not pinch , pull or bind up . I am very glad I purchased them . The price is good for what you get . They are worth it .
 These were part of a gift but per the daughter it look easy to replace but will need to wait and see
 I was very pleased with these filters for my fish tank . They worked as expected and are a good value
 These filters do what they are supposed to do , keep the tank water clean but I feel that for what they are that they are a little overpriced .
 Bought these online since I do n't get much time to run to the pet store . Costs a few bucks more here but the convenience is great
 Just what I need for my older Eclipse aquarium . These size filters are hard to find locally , and cost 50 % more when you do find them .
 This filter seems to work quite well and is very easy to change . I only have to put in a new one about once every 30 days . Doing that along with regular cleanings and water changes seem to keep the aquarium in balance and the fish healthy .
 I am so pleased to find these aquarium filter cartridges on Amazon ! I have an aquarium for my marbled crayfish -LRB- Marmorkrebs -RRB- and am not able to keep anything else in the aquarium with them -LRB- snails , bottom feeders , etc. -RRB- because there are so many they eat everything . Therefore , it is especially important I have the filters available to change on a regular basis .
 Pretty straight forward product . Keeps my tank clean and easy to replace . I am able to get this from my local Canadian store but it 's double the price so the Amazon.com price is definitely the biggest pro for me !
 If you have a Hex 5 fish tank , you do n't have a whole lot of options for filters . These are good filters and I 've never had trouble with them in the five years I 've had my tank . I can never get them to lie flat in the tank , but I think that 's a design flaw on the tank instead of the filters .
 The benefits of this filter cartridge are it takes about 5 seconds to change them out - it is very easy . About the only drawback I can see is I wish they would last a little longer before needing to be changed , but that is more of a function of what I keep putting in the tank vs. a product defect .
 I am experiencing it hard to find this size filter , since the fish tank we have is a few years old now . Glad to see that I can buy them on Amazon !
 Simple to use , replacement filter does a good job cleaning the water in our aquarium .
 These have been hard for me to find , they fit my tank filter great and have been keeping the water very clean . I have heard no complaints from the occupants .
 1 of these filters came with my tank setup , and I knew that was n't going to be enough , so I bought 2 more packages.The reason I give them a 4 not a 5 is that they have -LRB- useless ? -RRB- little tabs on one side and it took me a few minutes of trying to jam a wet filter into the little slot to figure out that the tabs have to be folded up for the filter to fit . No where in the directions did it say or show to do this . So , the filters are great , the directions are not .
 it 's a fish filter . not much to say . I could n't find it in the stores so i had to get it online . then after i buy it online i find it in the stores . I do n't reccomend the stupid fish tank that goes with it though . the marineland 2.5 gallon plastic tank . spend the money and get a real fish tank .
 I have been looking for aquarium filters for some time for a 6 gallon tank . But everywhere I went -- I could not locate them . I was beginning to think that I had bought an aquarium that was out dated . Thank goodness I was able to find them on -LSB- ... -RSB- . I was able to change my dirty filter and it works fabulously ! My tank is protected and I now have happy fish ! Thanks again -LSB- ... -RSB- .
 I often end up with ` inherited ' pets . I 've never been a big fan of fish , but my mom decided she was to old to keep up with the care of her two cory catfish , so I ended up with them . I prefer animals that can tell you when they are hungry ; but decided to make the effort of owning fish as painless as possible for me and them.I wanted a tank that required minimal cleaning so purchased the 10-gallon Marineland Eclipse , and some extra filters . I do love this system . About once a month , I rotate out about a quarter or 1/3rd tank of the water ; and the filters do the rest . The tank stays clean , the fish seem to like the extra space . I 'm very happy . It 's made owning fish , mostly painless . Now if I could just figure out how much to feed them on the regular basis , I 'll be set .
 I ordered these filters for my fish tank . They were shipped quickly . The quality is good and they keep my tank clean .
 If you have a five gallon hex , this is the only filter selection you get . The length of effectiveness depends on the condition of your tank , number of fish you keep , etc. . If you have a light tank load , you can rinse these at least one time and reuse . I am able to rinse after two weeks and replace after roughly four to six weeks . Use it much beyond that and you just make your maintenance and water changes more of a workload . As a point of reference I am doing partial water changes two or three times a week and am able to keep very clear water . Marineland is decent product line and I have had no troubles with these filters . I use in conjunction with a biowheel , which is crucial to maintaining healthy condition of your water . My only `` con '' is that you can only purchase in quantities of one or three . I wish there were a discount economy pack say of ten or twelve . Finding these in stock at your local store could be hit or miss over buying them through amazon . Keep your eye on the prices as I have seen them fluctuate . You should be able to get the three pack for eight or nine dollars if you get it at the right time . I 've seen them go for over $ 11 for the same thing so if you get a good price and have more than one tank or just want to stock up and not worry about reordering , get them at the better price while you can .
 Marineland cartridges are very easy to use . They leave the tanks clean and the fish happy . I use several different sizes for my several tanks . This review is for the size Z. I have a 5 gal hex and the cartridge cleans the tank effectively . It is a no mess no fuss filter set up . One just lifts out the dirty cartridge and inserts the new cartridge.I have fish , live plants , and snails in the tank . The tank needs a filtration system to remove the fish and snail pollution for lack of a better word . The water remains balanced with their use . So much easier to use than other types where one has to measure charcoal , filter floss , and etc. . I suppose I should n't but I extend the life of them a bit by rinsing them out in between using a new filter . The charcoal is n't the same after the first use , but the filtration of particles remains good . I find them actually a lot less money to use than a regular charcoal , and filter media filter to use .
 We purchased the 3 gallon aquarium for my son 's betta fish , Blowie the Scary . Blowie does n't eat all of his food , and this filter does a great job of getting out the extra food and initial cloudiness when my son puts too much in . The filters are extremely easy to use and my 4-year old can change them himself . It 's a really nice set , with easy filter maintenance and I 'd recommend it . Sometimes it takes a day for the filter to clear enough out , but it 's still high on my list .
 Been to four stores and could not find the size as the local pet stores that I know about do not carry that small filter . Price is right .
 I bought my son fish for christmas and forgot i didnt have filters , it was way cheaper to buy them online .
 An awesome pump , I put 2 of these in my 55gal tank with bottom filters and it took about a day and the tank cleared up and was running smooth . They are quiet and powerful , much more then my 10 + year older ones . Love the hook up extras it comes with , an over the side or a suction cup so you can put the in any tank . Been running them for over a month now with no problems .
 i bought 2 of these and 1 marineland 1200 for my undergravel filter , 55 gal tank . . it 's so clean and clear . i 've been runnind them for 2 months , no alge at all ... great product ...
 This product is great ! I 've bought the Aquaclear 20 & 30 . They work great but for some reason you can only direct the flow down . The Marineland 550 , you can direct the flow up and fits perfectly with my hydro sponge filter . The aquaclear 20 and 30 had some fitment issues . Marineland is quality stuff ! On a side note I 've had a aquaclear HOB filter before my sponge filter , works great but overtime it starts to crap out and make grinding noises -LRB- it was not the propeller failing -RRB- . Definitely buy this item over the Aquaclear ! The Marineland airtube even had its own air filter in there ! GREAT PRICE for QUALITY BUILT PRODUCT . One major plus , I ordered this on Friday afternoon and received it on Saturday morning with expected delivery on Monday ! GO AMAZON !!! Very quiet versus an air pump by the way .
 This item did not come with a sponge filter . We had to search other sites to find a cleanable filter for this pump . We found them at Foster & Smith Aquatics . F&S pump comes with the filter so we will order from them in the future . Other than that the pump works fine . We had one just like this which lasted more than 10 years in a small indoor natural rock fish pond .
 I 've used this pump now for about a year and it still works perfectly . Water circulation is outstanding . Only gripe I would have is that they need to be primed after every water change . For some reason , they hold the air inside the pump preventing water from flowing . Simple remedy is to just turn the unit upside down in the water for a few seconds to let the air out , once the water starts flowing again , just reinsert it back into the filter tube . Works perfect after that .
 I 've had these power heads for years and years . They are dependable and long-lasting . Great to have a product you can depend on .
 This item was a replacement for an identical item that had failed after a number of years of use in a 20 Gallon aquarium . The new item arrived quickly , was reasonably priced , and worked perfectly when installed .
 I bought this to drive water through a sponge filter and it is doing a good job of that and moving water around to prevent any dead spaces in the tank .
 Great out put of bubbles . Have bought different brands in the past but marineland is by far the best buy !!!! Amazing product !!
 With Marineland products , you ca n't go wrong . Built well and moves the water in my 46 gal . tank at a nice pace . Good product .
 I love the use of a power head in an aquarium to move water . It works great and adjusts with ease .
 This power head has been working great since I got it , I love the adjustable oxygen.I thought it broke on me today when the power went out it did not turn back on when the power came back , but I took it apart and cleaned it and now it is working again !
 Easy to use easy to install . I use it in a 29 gallon tank with an under gravel filter and it does the trick !
 this pump head is an awesome buy it is whisper quiet and incredibly powerful would definitely buy more . I give this thing five stars , its quiet efficient and when you plug it in its so quiet that you never know it 's on.there 's no knocking noise here unlike pumps from others ... great product
 The fish love `` surfing '' the waves . This power head works great at keeping the water and oxygen moving around in the tank .
 I pulled this product up on my ANDROID ICE CREAM SANDWICH DEVICE smart phone at Petco , and they would not pricematch the Amazon tag . After receiving said information , I followed through with a textbook Amazon one-touch order . As far as product effectiveness and value , I think that it 's safe to say that my clown loaches have gotten 20 $ worth of entertainment out of this power head . The consistent current also pushes most waste and debris one area in the tank , which is nice for when you 've got to do water changes . The only negative thing I have to say about this product is that the air hose is too short -- I would like to place the power head deeper in the tank , but the latter is simply a minor drawback . Thanks !
 this power head works great on my under gravel filter . it circulates the water well and the fish are happy . definately recommend this .
 I had a Top Fin power head previously that was incredibly noisy . Louder than my canister filter.Got this one and everything just worked and I ca n't hear it at all . Super pleased .
 I have run one of these with the foam filter for over 10 years without a single sign of trouble . I run quartz sand that is extremely hard and will destroy anything in it 's path but this power head has never made a peep of noise since day one . The adjustable valve for air introduction is great and the little muffler works very well . It does n't flow amazing amounts of water compared to some of the other models out there but sometimes you want to direct some water to a corner that collects debris and this does a great job of it .
 I use this in my freshwater setups and they work great and are very reliable -LRB- unless you get a `` lemon '' -RRB- . I have owned many of these throughout my many years of fish keeping , all but one of these still work ! The one `` lemon '' that does n't has its motor fried and wont spin the impeller anymore . I have been using these powerheads for a long time and have ones that still work perfectly from when they made their electrical cords round and much shorter than the new ones . They work great with the sponge attachment and are wonderful with the reverse flow package that I use on my undergravel filters . In fact I have a clown loach tank with only these powerheads with the sponge/powerhead combo that has been thriving for over a decade . As for the reverse flow system on my 80 gallon it makes my undergravel filter a ridiculously awesome bio filter which saves me ALOT of waterchanging and my other tanks that dont have undergravel filters cant compare to the sparkling clarity of the tank with the undergravel/reverse flow kit combo . For maintenence I squeeze out the bio sponges and maybe once every couple of years I will give them a run and soak in a vinegar solution to make them like new ! My penguin powerheads are also extremely quiet and make no noise whatsoever even up to the largest model . Marineland for me has built quality and affordable products that I can rely on for more than just years ... So far for some its been more than a decade ! I love penguin line of products , for some reason they last even longer and are more trouble free than my emperors -LRB- which is the top end HOB filter model -RRB- ... -LRB- P.S. and we arent even talking about the Maxijet powerheads which are cheaper and just as great/reliable !!!! -RRB-
 I have been using for three months now , it still works as it should and runs continuously . Nice and quiet . ^ ^ ^ Update ... It is now 9 months later and the powerhead began to make a lot of noise and the air hose is no longer pulling air . I have to replace to Pwerhead ... it is very loud and not working as it should . I guess for the price and continued use for nine months , it was worth the purchase . I will by another one .
 We have n't used the costume yet because Halloween is n't here , but in a trial run it fit vey well . I will have to do a couple of alterations on the hat so it will fit a little better but other than that a very cute costume .
 I LOVE IT !!!!!! I CANT BELIVE HOW MUCH SHE ENJOY IT SHE STOP CRIBING AND SHE IS BUSY THOUGH OUT THE DAY I WOULD TELL PEOPLE TO GET IT THE BEST
 I purchased this to replaced an approx . 6 yr . old Penguin 660 . I was so pleased with the old powerhead I wanted to replace with same.I was glad to see the model 660 was still available . The reliability and flexability would be hard to beat , especially at the price . They withstand being cloged , power outage , and being run `` dry '' during partial water chages . Definately a solid performer . Having tended over 60 aquiriums -LRB- salt and fresh -RRB- in the past at a local pet store and the personal use at home gives me a good idea of what works and what does n't . This thing runs like a champ ! Functional , flexable , tough and inexpensive .
 I really like the multi-height dinnerware . I have two of them . My dogs are both 100 lbs , so the height is perfect . The bowls are really nice and the placemats coordinates nicely ! The only negative that I have is that because my dogs are soooo big , they tend to shake the entire stand as they eat . I have the stand up against a wall , but they still manage to shake it and spill their water when they eat!I think that this is a good buy and that you get decent value for your dollar . I think they look great too !
 I ca n't believe how much my puppy goes crazy over these treats ! She ca n't get enough of them ! After she has quickly consumed one , she spends a good ten minutes licking up the leftover that is stuck to whatever surface she was eating it on ! Be careful about where you let your puppy eat these at , because they could be a bit messy -- they 're really soft and when they get wet from your puppy 's mouth , the combination is a sticky mess ! I do not regret purchasing these treats and I think I 'll be getting some more because my puppy loves them so much ! Mine fit inside the small puppy kong and when she chews it down to the bottom , just stick the back side of a spoon or fork into the top of the kong to push the rest of the treat out !
 My 7 month old Wheaten has been enjoying these treats since he was 2-1/2 months old and never seems to tire of them as he has with other products . He gets one every day and anxiously looks forward as I put one in his Kong for him to relish .
 When we are just too tired to run around with our little bundle of energy anymore , we give him one of these . We give him about one per day , so we choose the moment wisely ! The result is an extremely happy dog for about 20 minutes . It is a little bit gross to keep pulling the chewed up treat out of the puppy Kong so he can keep going at it after he 's finished the end that was sticking out of his puppy Kong , but worth the effort . -LRB- This is by far the least disgusting thing I 've touched that he 's chewed ! -RRB- Puppies * need * to chew and chew and chew , and this treat is just the right size to provide an excellent alternative to trouble-making . A MUST for a new puppy !
 I bought the small kong and the puppy ziggies to put in it . It totally keeps my dog entertained . He loves it and apparently likes the way they taste as well .
 I love these puppy treats . We put the ziggy puppy treat in a Kong , and it does take time for the puppy to eat the treat .
 I thought these were the plain ziggies , these had the meet inside . never the less Oliver my Pomeranian loves them !
 My dog loves these treats . They keep her busy as she works to get it out of the kong and satisfies her need to chew .
 I bought a Kong toy with these treats for my dog Koko -LRB- terrier mix -RRB- . It was one of the toys that my vet had recommended that I buy to avoid having Koko chew on everything else in the house . I just have this to say
 My two puppies love these ! When I need to get stuff done around the house or want some quiet time these are perfect to give to them without the kong . Usually they will take at least an hour giving their full attention to eating them ! Great product without kong for small dogs but when I put it in the kong they get bored after about 10 minutes .
 Another great kong product ! My puppy is entertained for at least an hour with a ziggie inside a puppy kong .
 I bought my 4 month old puppy the Kong puppy ziggies and they are the best product ever . Every morning he takes it into his crate and is vert content making it that much easier for me to leave the house for work . I recommend them for anyone who does n't want to hear a puppy cry and whine .
 My 45 pound Wheaten adores these treats . The only problem has been that Amazon has twice sent me an incorrect number of Ziggies and I wish I could order them directly from the Kong Company .
 I got our first ziggy treat in a puppy Kong box . Unfortunately , I ca n't find the ziggies at Petco locally . I 'm so happy to find these - our puppy takes this treat and goes directly into her crate with it to chew away with no interruption .
 My puppy loves these treats but the only reason I ordered them from Amazon instead of getting them from a local pet store is because of the `` free shipping '' . Somehow free shipping turned into $ 3.90 postage due when they arrived . I would have refused the package but did n't want to deal with the hassle of trying to get my credit card refunded . It would be nice if the company would be bothered to get back to me about a credit/refund but so far they ca n't be bothered . I would call this false advertising.Update
 Have had this product a while now , and am not disappointed . It 's heavy enough that your dog should n't be able to push it too far . It does get an icky film on it but washes up well in the dishwasher . We got this for our puppy , but have since added another dog to the family , so feeding is now done in their cages with easy elevated snap-in bowls -LRB- Midwest Stainless Steel Snap ' y Fit Water and Feed Bowl -RRB- . We actually like the snap-in bowls better , and think the dogs do too -LRB- they 're large breed and now do n't have to strain to bend down and eat -RRB- , but this bowl is great if you do want a floor-bowl .
 We bought this bed and 2 more of the same type but different colors . They are wonderful ! We have three basset hounds whose weights range from 45-52lbs and these beds are big enough that sometimes two bassets will snuggle together in one.This is one purchase that I see the hounds enjoy and appreciate everyday . -LRB- unlike the snow bootie fiasco -RRB-
 My dog , who love-love-loves pillows , adores this bed . The poly fill is a bit uneven and unfortunately the cover is n't removeable so it 's a little difficult to clean . However , it 's generously stuffed and very warm , and my smallish lab-pit mix fits into the 32-inch just fine . Medium-large dogs should probably opt for the larger size though .
 He just loves it . My dog is tiny , and he loves to pull the legs and grab the spider from there . The material is quite resistent
 I did n't even know this product existed ! I stumbled across it looking for more filter sets for my daughters baby biorb . She was pleased to see this , as it makes the center tube less obvious , and the tank looks greener now . Weighted bottom keeps it steady , and the value for the cost seems appropriate .
 I purchased this for the small orb to add color to the unit . It looks great and provides some hiding places for my one fish - a Beta . I only intend to put 2 fish in this unit , so the plant is not too big for this .
 The product functions as described . However , for me , it made my baby bio orb look/feel too cluttered . It does cover the main bubble tube , but i am not sure for me if this is necessary .
 I took out the other decor in my baby orb -LRB- never look quite right -RRB- , and this made it look complete . This fits great and looks perfect ... this was a great addition to my biorb .
 My Chinese Shar Pei rescue has the tiniest ear canals and keeps a yeast infection . The best I can do is stay ahead of a full blown infection by daily cleaning and wiping 2 to 3 times a day . I use an ear wash by the same company . I wipe at least twice a day with these . They are effective and gentle/soothing to her ears . My vet was not able to get them anymore , but I found them on Amazon . You can cut each individual towelette into 4 and make them last longer . I highly recommend them for the outer ear , and I recommend the wash for cleaning deeping . Unfortunately , I believe the company is not making them now .
 These are about 1/5 the price my vet charged . My dog has become so used to having her ear wiped , followed by a treat , that she sits still for the treatment . They work very well .
 The product was fine , although it is not what I expected . I thought it would be a different version of the malaseb wipes . The vendor and service time was very late . When I tried to email them , I got no response . They item was finally delivered , but I do n't think I will buy from this vendor again .
 This is the best wipe for my pug 's skin fold . Unfortunately they are out of stock or stopped manufacture this product . I have tried to use baby wipes and the the malaseb pledge . They do n't work . Her nose fold still have discharges and look dirty but when I use malaseb towelettes after couple days her skin is normal again . Luckily , I still have a few towelettes left . I hope that they will be back on stock soon .
 For about 30 cents -LRB- price per towelette -RRB- you can do a fast touch-up on your pet and throw the towelette away . My dog has problems with her paws . The towelettes help me keep down the fungal count around her nails and paws . Great for the ears too ! Much easier than using the spray bottle and kleenex or getting a wash cloth dirty . Very convenient !
 -LRB- Owner of 3 LARGE dogs that are VERY heavy chewers !! 110 pound German Shepherd , 85 pound Pit Bull , 60 pound Chocolate Lab Puppy -RRB- I was absolutely shocked to see this product got only 2 stars , so I had to comment.I do own this product , in fact ... at some point I will probably own all of their products . After a lot of research , I picked this size to TRY , but I wanted to clarify for anyone curious.There are 3 different sizes . 7 inches , 10 inches , and 14 inches . `` Tuffy '' brand products have a toughness scale , when using the appropriate sized product for your pet . This size is for up to 15 pound dogs ! NOT PIT BULLS!This is one of their weaker products , made for puppies and smaller dogs.This was my first purchase . I wanted to know the level of interest my dogs would have , as well as an idea of durability before I paid for the larger size.Again , this is intended for SMALL DOGS.BUT ... if you 're curious about it 's quality , let me explain this :7 inch ring
 We have a &#34; granddog &#34; that ca n't get enough of this toy . He will chase for as long as we will throw . Our first one lasted for over a year which was great considering he has a strong jaw !
 I have a yellow lab who loves to play fetch and to swim . These rings fit both categories . They float for swimming and are soft on the mouth , yet about the most durable non-plastic toys I have found . My dog also loves to drag them backwards with her paws until they seem just right , then sticks her nose in the center hole and flips the ring in the air to catch on her own . The size is perfect . Even though this toy eventually wears down and the fabric eventually frays and tears due to the dog 's scratching , I have n't found any other toys we like half as much . Just to switch up , in the winter I throw the joy and and dog races and lands on it and skates as it slides forward .
 Tuffy toys ate the best . Our dogs loves them . My order arrived quickly & I 'm very happy , so are the dogs !
 I 'm a big fan of Tuffy 's toys . This is no exception . The loop , however , introduced a new point of weakness . Once that was torn off , the edging near there was compromised . Still , the toy is in tact MONTHS later . That it does n't look as nice is no real bother to the dogs !
 This toy has become a favorite with my three small dogs -LRB- ranging in size from 12lbs to 17lbs -RRB- , two of which are terriers who like to chew , and one a poodle mix who absolutely enjoys fetch . We 've taken this toy to the park , and it 's always stolen by aggressive chewers , like Boston terriers , bulldogs and pugs - has n't had any damage yet , and we 've had it for about a year . Of course , ALWAYS supervise your dogs with toys - a squeaker , if chewed , could become lodged in their windpipe , toy parts could get stuck in their stomach , etc. . That being said , this toy has proven durable and flies pretty far when thrown , especially for something made of fabric and fluff .
 Most dog toys life can be measured in minutes in our house , these really stand up . This one was ordered as a back up for one we have had for a couple of years and is finally starting to wear out . Well worth the extra $ for the much longer life span .
 One of my two dogs is a very determined and powerful chewer . The Tuffy 's toys are the ONLY soft toys that last her more than a day to destroy . My dog has had this toy for about a month and has only unraveled a tiny piece of top layer around the edge . Although they are more expensive than traditional toys , they are completely worth it for powerful chewers .
 This is a very tough toy . My dog -LRB- 16 lb cockapoo -RRB- generally destroys toys very quickly . He rips a hole in them , pulls out all the stuffing , then tries to rip apart and eat the material , so we have to throw it away . With this toy , he did rip a hole in it about a week after we got it for him , but I just pulled out the stuffing so he would n't scatter it everywhere , and he was still very interested in the toy . The toughness comes into the equation in that he ca n't rip the material apart to try to eat it , so we do n't have to throw it out . Lasted about 5 months , so definitely a good buy . It would probably last forever if you use it only for fetch , and not let the dog sit and chew , but some dogs -LRB- like mine -RRB- , just need to destroy things .
 Our 12 pound Morkie has shredded every `` soft '' toy that we have given him . Endless stuffed animals have been ripped apart in less than an hour . Gizmo has had this toy for more than 6 months and besides strings on the outer ring he has not even put one hole in it . Great purchase !
 I love it - my dogs hate it . Too bad it is cheaper than a visit to the vet HA HA HA !!!! Really they tolerate it .
 Notoco 1408 PETSCOPE Ear Scope OtoscopeBeing a home groomer to two Goldendoodles I learned that I need to take maticulous care of my dogs ' ears . Because my dogs are one half Poodle hair grows inside their ears that needs to be plucked routeinly . Also their ears hang down making it an ideal place to have problems , so I decided to purchase the Notoco 1408 PETSCOPE to help me keep an eye on the condition of their ears . The $ 27.50 I paid seemed a fair price to pay for a home groomer and the ear scope works great as I can see every thing I need to ; however the viewing tips have a tendency to fall off since they are made to snap onto the scope . I would have prefered the tips screwed into the scope to make the tips more secure . Purchased through Amazon.com
 I use this for my two dogs to keep them off the couch . I used to have a scat mat but it was so hideous looking ... so I bought one of these and put it behind out throw pillows . It works great !! It will siren when they are even close to the couch trying to ` check out the status ' and is great when they start wrestling , too ... it goes off and they stop . Highly recommend it to anyone who does n't want to deal with the look of scat mats and wants something that works !
 Great easy to use product - it does actually train the pet.Now when I leave the house , I do n't even need to turn on the device , I just set it one the sofas and off I go .
 Trying to find a way to keep the outdoor/garage cat off my new Volvo . Since he is alittle skittish being an outdoor car this gadget worked like a charm . Even the low sensitivity setting is enough to make it alarm with the pounce onto the hood . Since I purchased this there has been no more muddy kitty prints going across my hood and up my windshield .
 Sure keeps them off the couch . Wish there was a volume adjustment . Otherwise a good product and glad I bought it .
 It went off one time . After that , the cats avoided the sofa . I no longer have to turn it on . Thanks !
 Wow , this is the best money I have spent in alongtime . My dog , a Jack Russell Terrier , named Lola woud sneak onto the couches in the middle of the night and lay all over them and never the same spot . She drove me crazy with this . She would hear me get out of bed in the morning and immediately she would get off couches because she knows she is not allowed on them . She left hair and dirt on the couches all the time and I constantly had to vacuum them . Now , she never gets on the couches . The one complaint I have is a Lola complaint , ha . I have a small couch against the wall and under a window so when the mail comes , Lola jumps on the small couch and throws her body at the window barking like crazy because she hates when the mail comes and her barking covers up the sound of the alarm but that issue is not the alarms fault . Definitely love these things !
 This works well if your pet does n't like loud beeps . Our dog has no fears - except for loud beeps -LRB- testing the smoke detector sends him running for the door , and even a kitchen timer beep scares him -RRB- . He had figured out how to open a gate at the top of the stairs , so we attached a Tattle Tale to the gate . He no longer touches the gate or tries to go upstairs . So it works well for us.I wish the product would take 2-3 seconds before activating the beep when nudged , so you could turn it off without it beeping . -LRB- This is n't good for training - it beeps when we turn it off , and he did nothing wrong , so it confuses him -RRB- . We usually now let the dog outside before turning it off , which is bit of a pain.Still , I he wo n't go near the gate or sneak upstairs at all any more , so it has done its job .
 Perfect solution to keeping our dogs off the couch and living room chair while we are out of the house .
 Between me and my girlfriend we have purchased about 6 of them , and share them back and forth from our houses for various pet problems . if you keep a good battery in them , they sound off and dogs and cats both run from the sofa , not to return . I dont think the one with just the vibration would work , especially with cats . sometimes the alarm goes off because of the wood floors or barking , but thats ok . works for us .
 I give this 5 stars because it works exactly as described - it screeches when it senses a vibration on a surface such as a counter top , etc. . The bad thing is , it also picks up on your vibe as well , not just your cat 's ; therefore , every time you take out a cup or whatever , and put it down ... ALARM !!!! So it works to frighten away most of my cats but I can only use it when I 'm not around or I have to put things down with nearly impossible caution .
 This is my second Tattle Tale . We have 4 German Sheppards , and they are effectively discouraged from jumping on that furniture which has the alarm . Good product .
 We have 3 cats , 2 girls & 1 boy . Ok we have 3 cats , 2 girls & 1 brat . He and his sister at about 6 weeks old were left in a box next to our mailbox . As I was about to throw the box out I realized the kitten inside . I then seen the other kitten fearlessly coming down the sidewalk toward me . He followed me right into my garage figuring he found him and his sister their new home . I figured him for a `` Redneck '' so I named him Jimbob . I was right , he 's a brat until 9 at night when he ca n't keep his eyes open . In the evening when the window blinds come down he likes to bat them around trying to see outside . We make differant sounds to scare him away , but he can get used to it , and then you have to find more sounds that will scare him . I finally came across this Tattle Tale and bought one to try . After we put them in their room to sleep I took a small tie wrap and attached it to the bottom of the blind . After coming home that night I have never seen him go back to that window , which means while we were at work he must have gotten himself a little Tattle Tale action ! After about 1 week I move it to other windows & he will stay away from the previous window . Tonight it will go on the inside of a vertical blind with velcro . I could very well witness this scare tactic . I needed the Tattle Tale for a certain job and it is doing exactly what I expected of it . Thanks
 I bought two of them , one for my daughters counter-surfing Great Dane and one for my leg lifters . It worked well to keep the Dane from stealing food because he hits the counter with his front and causes the vibration to set off the alarm . It is n't helping much with my dogs unless they urinate right on the alarm . I wrote the company and told them to let me know when they make another type that would sound off when they come near an area . = -RRB-
 This product definitely keeps my dog off the couch . The only negative aspect is if it set on the high level and my dog barks it goes off . But when set on the lower level it works great . I am definitely glad I purchased this item .
 I purchased this alarm to protect a newly recovered couch from my three cats . It did the job ! The cats used to jump on the couch and had started scratching it before it was recovered.I used the alarm immediately after the change of fabric and the cats stayed away from the couch . No damage and no cat hair . Twice , at night , I heard the alarm ... and I knew the Tattle Tale Sonic Pet training alarm was working as intended.The alarm did make a few guests jump when I forgot to remove it before their visit . It is now a year later and I do not need to use the alarm any more for that couch unless I go away for a few days .
 I have a nervous Chihuahua mix that favors under the dinning room table to do her business now and then . I have cleaned the area with chemicals but she sneaks back to it . The Tattle Tale was reasonally priced so I thought I would try it . Thank goodness it worked ! No more accidents . It has a low and high setting but works best on low since it detects any vibration . The short series of beeps are not too loud or ear piercing but enough to scare the pet away . I bought a second one to keep my mid size dog away from the trash can . No more trash on the kitchen floor !
 Our Jack Russell and Doberman are great about staying off the furniture , until we walk out the door . This alarm is very sensitive , responds quickly to movement , and my dogs hate it ! No more hair or claw marks on the couch - as long as I remember to turn them on :-RRB- !
 NO cat pee on sofa since we activated the alarm . Not a startling noise - not even for the cats , but it seems to work . Thanks
 This device worked great for my 2 cats . They have not been on the counter since placing the device on it . I was afraid that they would no longer be bothered by the sound , but they hate it . They do n't even like when we set it off .
 I purchased one of these about 12 months ago and I now have purchased 4 more . This works really well with my dog . He hates the high pitching sound it creates and he stays away . He wo n't even get close to the areas where we have the alarm set up.The battery seems to last for a long time which is nice and the alarm is sensitivity enough for a medium couch , but then again I have a big dog so you may need more if your dog is small.I just wished the price was lower , its a kind expensive .
 Super simple design and appears somewhat cheaply made but does exactly what it claims to do . Taught my dog to stay off the bed even when I 'm not around . If that 's what you need , then look no further .
 This was not my first choice when looking for something to keep the dogs off the furniture , but it works and works well . It also keeps my grandson and all his `` stuff '' from landing there when he gets in from school . Not a bad thing . The only problem is now I can think of two more places I could use one of these . The dogs learned to avoid the couch in less than two days and on the very few occasions they forget they get a rude reminder . But now the big dog thinks she can get on the couch in the other room , which she always used to stay off of . It 's firmer and I guess it 's not as comfortable for her . So now I 'm moving the alarm from couch to couch . I think I 'm going to have to buy another one because the dogs are going to begin to recognize the couch with the alarm and just go to the unalarmed one .
 Lucy the lab had learned to open the covered garbage can all by herself , and would drag snacks all over the house . Imagine her shock and surprise at the screech from this thing when she tries to open it now . I was a little surprised how large it was . But overall I 'm a happy customer . As long as I remember to place it on the lid , the dog stays out .
 At first I was not so sure two of these would be enough because we have a sectional that is just so huge . However , The dogs wont go anywhere near these things after the first time they set one of them off . Whenever I even pick them up they look at me with suspicion . I found out that when I had them on low one of my dogs figured out that they could just sneak onto the part of the couch that is farthest from the Tattle Tell . Which would have worked if she did n't leave her paw prints all over the leather . This was quickly eradicated when I started using the high setting . When these things are on high it 's great , my whole couch stays dog free , and they even go off when I shut the front door behind me on my way in . Super sensitive . It really has helped me protect the investment we made in our new couch . Thank you Tattle Tell for creating a product so simple .
 This is a review for both theTattle Tale Sonic Pet Training Alarmand theCatscram Electronic Cat Repellent.I have a needy cat who HAS to be on the other side of any and all closed doors at all times . If she is inside , she wants out . If she is outside , she wants in . You may think this would be cute , until you 're trying to sleep inside the room with the closed door . An open door is not an option because I ca n't have my eight year old walk in on her step father and I in the middle of the night either . This had been going on for almost a year . I felt my sanity slipping away from me due to lack of sleep . I would regularly pass out sitting up at my desk at work , and get caught in the act ! I was on the verge of giving her away -LRB- which I hated to do , but I did n't know what else I could do -RRB- . Then I came to Amazon with my problem , which I do for all my product needs.I had first bought theTattle Tale Sonic Pet Training Alarmafter reading reviews and comparing prices . It worked ... very well . I attached it to my door with some command strips . Any time that she pawed at my door the alarm would sound and she would stop . The problem is that it has a very loud tone that is audible to humans and would wake me up . The up side is that she would not continue to paw at the door the rest of the night , so it was a good trade off ... I would only be woken up once during the night . It has 2 settings , High and Low . I only used the Low setting which seemed to be very sensitive . I can see how this would be EXTREMELY helpful for dog owners who want to keep their pooch off the couch when they are away . I plan on trying it on my counter top on the High setting to see if it keeps my sister 's counter surfing kitty off -LRB- update to come -RRB- . I decided I wanted better . I have to say , I was very skeptical about theCatscram Electronic Cat Repellentat first . The reviews were ok but the price was nearly double what I paid for theTattle Tale Sonic Pet Training Alarm . I decided to take the plunge anyways and I am so glad that I did ! I followed the instructions when I first turning it on then set it up in front of my door frame facing across my door . I could tell it was working because my cat was sitting on my bed staring at it with her eyes dilated , which was a good sign . I set her outside my bedroom and closed the door . I went to sleep and woke up 6 hours later ! Could it be ?! Did I really just sleep 6 hours straight with no interruptions ?! You have no idea how happy I was . Maybe there is hope for my sanity yet . The motion sensor on it is sensitive enough to sense movement in very dim lighting conditions so I can also put it inside my bedroom to keep her from trying to get out in the middle of the night and we can still get our cuddle time in.The manual for theCatscram Electronic Cat Repellentdoes mention that it may not work for white cats because their range of hearing is by nature very limited , and also older cats or some exotic breeds may not be affected by it . It works for my little calico though.So the verdict is
 Our situation
 We got our first Tattle Tale because the cat was opening the drawers in the bathroom and scattering the contents around . This product put an immediate stop to that.It also does a great job of keeping him out of the Christmas tree.Now the cat has his own dedicated scratching posts and stuff but occasionally he will decide to test us on a new piece of furniture . When we catch that behavior we just set up the Tattle Tale again and it stops right away.In the off season we use them to keep the cat off the couches . That 's his favorite place to chill and he is a bit more persistent there so we have to remind him with this product for a week or so until he gets it.When ours quit working mysteriously , hence four stars , I ordered two more . One for each couch.It also works as something of an anti barking aid with our dogs . If it is turned on when they start barking SOMETIMES the quick burst of noise will startle them into silence.In summary , this product works great for our cat but I 'm sure it is not a catch all for all pets . I do n't see that as a negative to the product . That is just something pet owners have to live with . Your pet is unique and may require a different approach to solving the behavior issue you are trying to address . I have tried other products that cost more and did not work for my pets . It is definetly cheaper for me than some of the alternatives that I would have to constantly buy refills for . If you are looking for a solution to a similar problem then I would suggest giving this a shot .
 This product is totally effective . I use it when I 'm out of the house to prevent my dogs from eating our leather sofas . So far , so good .
 I bought this to prop against a window screen to prevent anyone tampering with the screen while the window is open . However , the alarm went off anytime the nearby door was used or whenever the window pane was opened or closed . So the alarm was too sensitive for my purposes . -LRB- It did go off with the slightest touch to the window screen -RRB- . Additionally , the alarm was not very loud ; I could not hear it 2 rooms away . It is also larger than I expected and thus not discreet.Though I did n't use it for pet training I could see that it would be effective if the pet objected to noise , or if the trainer was nearby to enforce the training.A good product overall .
 After readiing the reviews , felt I had to try it for the price . It works like a charm !! My dog is no longer on my couch and this only took a couple of days of training . I realize all dogs are different and some might not react the same but my dog hates weird noises and ran away as soon as she heard it . It can go off if it hears a loud bark or slammed door or even if you yell - just because of the sensitivity . Also not too annoying or loud to you .
 I have 4 jack russells and dark suede chairs . A bad mix . I used to have to vacuum the chairs every day . Tried everything to keep them off but the tattle tales were the only thing to work . They arrived with a working battery which was nice . The instructions were filled with typos but the device is self explanatory anyway . There are 2 sensitivity settings which is great because the most sensitive was set off with them barking . It will sometimes go off when the 4 of them get together for choir practice which includes a little howling -LRB- the soprano I guess -RRB- but by that stage I 'm appreciative of the beep . No offense puppers.None of the 4 have set a paw on the chairs since I got the tattle tales . A cheap and easy fix . : - -RRB-
 Ok , so I was skeptical if this $ 20something dollar product could truly help save my sofa and it did ! I have a 70lb lab dog who loved to curl up on my leather sofa when I was away ... the problem was as he 'd lay down on it , his giant nails would scrape the leather.I did not want to crate him , as he 's perfect in the rest of the house , and so I found this product and after months of having some old ragged blanket trying to protect the leather and attracting fur all over it ... my sofa is fur free and scratch free!And my lab does not have to be crated!Win Win
 I bought two of the tattle tales to place on both my kitchen table and the formal dining table to help keep my cats away . For some reason I can buy them the most comfy pet bed ever but they insist that the hard wood tables are more comfortable.After just a few days of use the cats learned not to go near the tables , but being cats they are smarter than most and I think they actually notice when I move the tattle tales and forget to put it back on the tables . I can tell because the next morning I 'll find cat hair near the scene of the crime . You 'll want to either move or turn off the units when using whatever furniture you 've placed them on because otherwise they will just keeping beeping at you everytime you move near them . ;-RRB- Just remember to put them back!We 're having a new couch delivered this week and hoping to use the tattle tale on there as well .
 My dog adjusted well to not getting up on the couch after using this . He tried once , did not like the sound , and has n't tried again .
 Works great for all my dogs accept the dog , Penny , which jumps up on the table and sets it off she stays while all the others leave through the doggie door immediately . Stops the barking for all the dogs but Penny also . It has been my experience that this product works great for 8 , Chihuahuas and Boxer , out of 9 , white Catahoula leopard dog mix who has perfect hearing , dogs .
 we bought these to train our dog not to jump up on window sills and we are very pleased with them .
 This has been very effective for us in keeping the dogs off the couch and spare bed . They keep trying to find new place to get up on , so we need to buy even more . We find that after awhile , they give up and we do n't even need to turn the Tattletales on - just set them on the couch .
 I hate to terrify the pets but the cats refuse to stay off my kitchen counters . I think this just annoys one enough that he stays away while the other cat gets a little skittish at loud sounds such as this makes . It is very sensitive which is good considering how light a cat can be on their feet . Is it the perfect solution probably not but until there is a robot squirt gun or some other deterrent this has been working fairly well so far .
 This product is good it was good while it lasted then my cats just decided to ignore the sound this makes and just wander off wherever they want : -LRB-
 Bought this for my cat and dog that kept jumping on my living room sofas . First bought a pair then ordered 4 more after seeing the first pair work on one sofa . Pets do n't like the shrieking sound and solved my problem . Would recommend this product .
 I was having issues with my cats jumping up onto the dining room table when I was n't home to sun themselves . Since I put the Tattle Tale on the table , I have n't come home to cats on the table and there 's no hair or other evidence that they 've been up there . Very happy with it ! Only problem I have is that my parrot has decided he likes the noise it makes and has started imitating it . But I still think it 's worth it . Not sure if it would work on a fixed object , such as a countertop , but is working great on a table . It 's very sensitive and the lightest movement sets it off -LRB- including you brushing against the table -RRB- . There are high and low settings , though the difference is minimal and I ca n't tell them apart . It is a piercing noise and will startle you out of a deep sleep , but after a few times , the cats no longer sleep on the seats of the chairs in the dining room either , since that set off the alarm . Glad I bought this with my gift card !
 I have 6 of these and they are amazing ! I first used on our couches and now I dont even need to put them on anymore . Then our dog started pushing open doors and going on beds , so I have one on our bed and another just sitting in front of the door and they work great ! I take them with us when we go visit family for a night and use them on their furniture so she stays off there as well . Definitely recommend !!
 First , let me preface this with the fact that we love our cats dearly and work hard to provide them with every comfort known to man including heated beds , an automatic laser pointer that provides hours of fun and catnip filled mice that find their way out from under the couch and other furniture from time to time . We do n't , however , love pet hair and hairballs on our furniture . Recently we purchased a new sofa and resorted to draping a sheet over it while at work the first few days . Arriving home to find a couch draped in a bed sheet is not a way of life for us , so we looked at other options and found this device . I was skeptical based on the reviews here but purchased one to test.You can set `` sensitivity '' to low or high . When set to high the device sometimes goes off with as little as heavy footsteps = perfect.Had I had my video camera on when one of our cats attempted to find a soft spot to curl up in -LRB- other than the heated bed he loved so dearly until the couch came into his life -RRB- , I 'd have uploaded a video review of a cat in full backflip followed by a panicked exit from the room that entailed one wall collision and a flurry of pet fur.I love this thing .
 I have had my tattle tale for over a couple of years now . I had a problem with my dog getting on my bed during the day while I was away at work . If I was home she would hang out with me , I do n't allow my dog to sit on my furniture . This thing worked from day one and I have recommended it to friends who now have multiple . We just bought a new sofa and want to keep the dog off of it , so I bought another one . This thing could be more sensitive , but it is sensitive enough for my dog , 65 lbs . It will go off if I toss a shirt down on my bed nearby , that seems sensitive enough to me . The sound is merely annoying , it is n't an alarm just a loud piercing beeeeep . If you have a medium to large size dog I suggest trying it out . One more suggestion use it on a `` cushiony '' surface for best results , a hard surface wo n't move as the dog does . So if you are trying to keep a cat off of a table this wo n't do much unless the cat goes near it . I do n't think it actually senses motion , it needs to be lightly jostled to go off . A good product though .
 I got this to keep our West Highland terrier off of furniture , and it works pretty well . The noise does the trick . But sometimes it is set off by loud noises or by vibrations in the wooden floor -LRB- even though the Tattle Tale is sitting on upholstered furniture -RRB- . So it 's not perfect , but I 'm getting a second one .
 I bought the Tattle Tale a couple weeks ago . At first I was very skeptical . We have a microfiber couch that we have been trying to keep our labrador off of for two years . We tried aluminum foil squares , but they were terribly unattractive . Our dog is n't afraid of odd noises . She was trained against it as a hunting dog . So I was hesitant to buy the Tattle Tale . But the first time we left the house with the Tattle Tale on the couch , we knew she would try it . Sure enough , there were two skidding pawprints but nothing more . She was obviously spooked . Now , only two weeks later , we do n't even have to turn the Tattle Tale on . Just set it on the couch and she wo n't go near it . No more blonde dog hair on our dark brown couch !
 I have a Weimaraner who thinks she owns the couch and bed . The only that works at keeping her off of them is yelling at her . The Tattle Tale does the job when I am gone -LRB- or not in the room -RRB- . It emits a high pitched beep , but not too loud even set on high . She immediately gets down when she hears the noise.I bought one for the bed and one for my sectional . The sectional is rather large so I am purchasing another one to cover all areas . She is smart and has figured out the side where she can nicely curl up in a little ball without being detected . I would only recommend this for dogs ; it needs much more weight and movement than a cat could create.My only complaint is that it goes off when she barks .
 My wife has been trying to keep the cat off her car in the garage . We place the alarm on her hood and have not had any problems with the cat jumping up there anymore . I could see it working well on the kitchen counter as well . It senses vibrations very well and sounds an annoying tone that gets pretty much anyone 's or any animal 's attention .
 Have two cats , the older cat runs off when the alarm goes off . The younger one just walks away slowly . He is not afraid of any thing .
 My dog had a very bad habit of going on to the furniture -LRB- the couch , the bed , etc -RRB- . It was my fault and I decided to break him of it . He learned very quickly that when I 'm home he 's not allowed , but while I was at work he was all over everything . I looked up tips on how to fix it , and decided to check Amazon . After reading product reviews and comparing prices I decided to go with the Tattle Tale . You turn it on , place it on a soft surface -LRB- the bed , the couch , etc -RRB- and if he attempts to jump up the vibrations set off this really high pitched annoying horrible beep !!!! He hates it , I do n't blame him ! I 've accidently set it off and it 's really annoying . However , after 2 days he stopped trying to go on the furniture . I still put it on every day just in case , but it has worked like a charm . I highly recommend it ! However if the surface you want to keep the animal off of is a hard surface , there are less vibrations so it might not work . My dog is also 80 pounds , so he ca n't really go onto the furniture without everything moving , I 'm not sure if it would be as effective with a small dog . But I have already recommended to several friends !
 I could not keep my dogs off the couch , no matter what I tried . Since I bought this , however I have not had either dog get on the couch . It works great . Now I must admit I did give it a a little help . When I first turned it on , I held it next to the dog 's ears and let it buss until it got their attention . I do n't know if that was necessary , but they certainly stay away from it . I may get another one for the wood pile next to the wood stove since one of my dogs like to drag the logs around the house while I am gone . On second thought it is probably just from boredom so I may just put keep picking up after him .
 I purchase this product to take care of a problem with a stubborn dog . It actually worked the dog no longer broke the gate and has stop jumping on the counters . The dog is behaving much better . I 'm very happy with the product .
 I have a new dog living in the house and she likes to get on the couch when I 'm not home . My neighbor had a couple of these units so I bought two myself . I think they work -LRB- I 'm not home but find the dog in her bed when I return -RRB- . They are very sensitive and go off when I swing the front door closed downstairs or if I jump on the floor .
 I have a year and a half German Shep/Lab mix who gets bored very quickly when she is alone - her favorite form of entertainment ? Tearing the paint off my walls =o-RRB- She has a mile plus walk over lots of hills each morning before going in her pen - which includes 2 beds and lots of new toys each day -LRB- we switch out her toys so she stays interested -RRB- . Despite chew toys and toys with her breakfast and treats , she still decides to chew a hole into my wall.Since she is so sensitive to noises , I hoped this product would be sensitive enough to pick up on her teeth scraping my wall when I am not around to catch her . It is perfect ! I found little thin metal hooks with adhesive backs -LRB- the ones they sell around the holidays for wreaths , decorations , lights , etc -RRB- and put the tattle tale just about nose height on the wall . She only touched the wall once before it went off . She has n't put so much as a dent in my wall for 3 days . Just seeing it now is enough to keep her away from places she should n't be . I may very well make little cardboard versions of this to put in other places around the house ! Although hopefully I wo n't have to soon!I will give it 5 stars after I test it a bit longer .
 I like this product . I 'm trying to keep my kitten off of the couch and learn to stay on the covered chair . This has been working like a charm . The alarm on low is very very loud but it seems to do the trick cause my cat avoids the couch like the plague.I have n't try to use the alarm on the door yet but it works very well on surfaces such as beds and couches . It does n't work too well on tables and counters since the surface is hard and the alarm seem to need some vibrations to activate .
 The Tattle Tale seems to be working . our Boxer knows it 's there . She appears to be staying off of the sofa . The only way to tell for sure is to check for hair left behind , and there is n't any after 2 weeks of using the device.The kids like it too because they can make it sound by jumping on the floor in various places around our home.if you have 20 bucks to spend I 'd say the Tattle Tale is a good thing to spend it on in order to save an expensive piece of furniture .
 This product really works well as my two dogs are afraid of going near our couch or Lazy Boy chair when they hear the sound that comes from the Tattle Tale.I wish I had it sooner .
 One of my friends reccommended this device and it sounded good so I thought `` what the heck '' and got one . Now some things you buy are good , some bad and then there are some little things like this that are a slap in the forehead great ! Only a couple of times getting on my couch and/or bed with this device placed on it has trained my dog to no longer climb up on to them . I do n't even have to turn them on any longer ... just the sight of it being on the couch/bed is enough to discourage my dog from going places she should n't and now she happily retreats to her own bed .
 We have a gate we put up when we leave to stop the dogs from having the run of the whole house . This is a simple and effective tool to set when we leave , and the gate is not knocked over when we return .
 These work great to keep our four legged children off our couch ! This has been an issue in our house for a while now , as when we leave they love to get up on the couch and lounge until we return ! That has all changed now with the purchase of these alarms , and my husband and I could n't be happier ! Well worth the money , wish we had purchased them sooner !
 I bought this to keep my dog off the outdoor furniture . It works great . The dog has not been on the furniture at all . I think she stopped trying because of the loud beep she hears when she gets close !
 It 's a small product , barely 3-4 inches long and 1.5 to 2 inches wide . It has 2 grades of sensitivity
 Works great for our dog . He hates high pitched noises , so this works like a charm . We have 2 of these as we have a large sofa that he likes to get on while we are away . We place one on each side of the sofa . The Hi setting is so sensitive that when one sounds , it will set the other one off -LRB- on the other end of the sofa -RRB- just from the frequency wave . Highly recommended as long as your pet is sensitive to sound .
 We got tired of yelling at our dog to get off of our comforter so we decided to try this gadget . It worked like a charm !! It only took twice for her to get the idea -LRB- she 's pretty smart -RRB- we are using it on the couches next.We 've recommended it to some friends who have the same problem . Well worth the price , cheaper than getting the comforter dry cleaned !
 My cats enjoyed sharpening their nails on my couch until I put these things on it . The alarms are very sensitive and will even alarm if you are too loud near it -LRB- the sensitivity is a good thing because even the slightest touch of a paw will set them off -RRB- . Great way to keep the kitties off the furniture .
 My 3 dogs were constantly jumping up on my big leather chair and had ruined numerous throws and pillows by laying on them and knocking them to the ground while we were asleep or not at home . -LRB- they know better than to get on the furniture if we are where we can see them -RRB- I bought the training alarm because I did not want to spend a lot of money if I did not have to . I hid it under the edge of the throw and it absolutely works like a charm . My throw and pillow have been in the same place on the chair for well over a month now ! When the alarm was on the most sensitive setting it would go off all the time just from loud noises in the house . It was VERY annoying . I now have it set to the lowest of the two options and it only goes off if the dogs are playing and bump into the chair . I would recommend giving this a try before purchasing some of the more expensive options out there .
 Tattle Tale Sonic Pet Training AlarmIf you want to keep cats off your tables and counters , this is a great none harmful product . It has a high and low setting based on how sensitive you want the alarm . I will say this . It is load , but effective . I would recommend this product .
 Works well with the pets and is loud enough . The dog -LRB- 18 mos . -RRB- will not go near it and that 's good because he will eat anything .
 This product worked great with my 35 pound some-kinda-dog . For an outdoor boundary we have the Petsafe Wireless invisable fence , so our dog responds quickly to the beep.PROS
 Product works well as long as your pup does n't like the high pitched sound.Does not work with my cat .
 Works great , the ear piece is installed by slipping on and does n't fall off easily . I was using a human one that the ear piece would fall off with the smallest movement of dog , do n't know how to convience the dogs to not move . Only problem I had was the spare light bulb and extra ear piece fell out of the carrying case so now keep everything in a plastic bag . Otherwise , it works fine ; have a dog prone to ear infections and this allows me to catch inflamation early . Great price and work great for home use .
 This is my first experience with an otoscope so definitely not an expert . It seems to work okay . The only issue I have with it is the on/off design . It is easy to turn it on/off accidentally so if left on , your battery life is ruined .
 We purchased 2 of these a few years ago . I ca n't say enough how we love them ! We have 2 yorkies and they love them so much , that when we say `` walkies in the pouch ! '' they go crazy and dance around . They climb right into them , and they never want to get out!One of ours developed a small hole at the bottom over time , so we just ordered one to replace it.We highly recommend this pet carrier for small dogs . They are very comfy for us , and just fantastic for the dogs .
 Snap to install . The standard one light in my 50 gallon was not enough period , after adding live plants I added a third .
 No much to review on this product . Easy to install and fits all SeaClear aquariums . Overall good quality .
 Thanks for KE-mart for the great products I have purchased . Greatly appreciate their help . The cat scratch borad is really nice . My cat loves it .
 I have purchased this product many times . It is of exceptional value , and works great ! It says that it is safe for my ferrets , too ! I am pleased with it .
 I 've used this product for years and never had a problem . But they are selling it for a ridiculously high price . Normally it 's 11.99 in the store but they stopped selling this version . Now they have a once a month for three month package . You can still get this kind on ebay . The last one I bought was 7.99 plus shipping.DON ' T FALL FOR THIS PRICE !
 Length :
 Only one of our three dogs learned to use the machine , which is fine , because she 's the one we bought it for ! It took her no time to learn to use it . She looks like a little factory worker pushing the lever up and down . We 've had it for five years , but my son accidentally stepped on it tonight and broke the plastic dome . This is an excellent product that has withstood a lot of rough use -LRB- up until now -RRB- . We have to order another one immediately so Katie will still have her own private cache of food !
 was wonderful , fresh , exactly as described . Will definately buy again ! my pig mastered it in about a week !
 My dogs have to work for their dry food , end up they lost weight because each press only few drops come out and they take longer time to finish the food . Remember do n't put too full just put what they need . It is a fun Treat Machine , I enjoy very mush to watch them , especially when taught them to get food from the machine . One of my dogs press the machine each time he pass by , he is not taking the food , just loves to play -- so cute .
 My dobermans love Yuppy Puppy . The enclosed pamphlet says it can take up to two weeks for your dog to learn how to work it , but that is probably an exaggeration as food is a great motivator . One of my dogs learned how to use it in under five minutes , using her paw , the other took about a day and prefers to use her snout to depress the lever . I tried to teach her with her paw but she learned her own way to do it . It is cute to watch them and is much anticipated when I say `` Work the Machine ! '' Product is built sturdy for heavy use by mongrels and stays in place well . Does n't tip over . Highly recommended .
 My dogs learned to use this machine in 5 days . We take it on our therapy dog visits to nursing home , hospitals , etc. & everyone ask if we have it along . The dogs go wild when they see me pack this for our visits . Your dog will learn to use his mind & gain co-ordination to get the food.This was money very well spent.Misty Meadows
 Ca n't seem to get my dog to work this toy maybe she to small I have a yorkie
 Quite possibly my German Shepherds favorite toy next to my wife 's Coach leather bag and her pumps .
 This has become my dog 's favorite toy . Unfortunately , they chew the handle when I am not looking , so it is a bit worn.If they made the handle a bit sturdier , this would get a 5 star rating.If you have an active dog , buy this ball , you wo n't be sorry and neither will your dog .
 I love this product . My veterinarian told me about being able to buy cotton in a large roll . I have a Cocker Spaniel and she has frequent ear infections . However , by keeping them clean with a prescribed solution and &#34; cleaning up &#34; with the cotton , we manage to keep the infections to a minimum.I 've also shared some of the cotton with family members by simply cutting off a section and giving it to them.Great product .
 Great product . I use it to wrap my puppies ears after she was healed from her crop . It was mailed out right away .
 Very happy with this product . Does help with the seed and mess . Not perfectly but does cut down on cleaning the area around the bird cage . Recommend this . Price is great too .
 I got this perch because the photo of it looked like something my Rainbow Lory would like . He isso funny , he loves bells and the one on this perch is a real ringer . He seldom sits on his perch -LRB- he likes to play on the floor -RRB- , but he loves the bell . We play a game where I put my hand in thecage and pick up a toy , got ta be fast though , he nipped me a couple of times -LRB- not bite -RRB- if youtouch his perch bell good luck getting your hand out in time . Buster and I approve of this perch.I would also like to say that this perch is very well made with colorful details that any birdwould love to play with . It 's also very tough , ca n't be chewed away , and it probably will last along time .
 I have a Rainbow Lorie and because he has a sandy perch to keep his nails trimmed , I wanted a small comfortable one for him as well . Lories are known to be quite active and it 's difficult finding things that are `` indestructible '' . He chews up other types of perches . This one was the perfect thing for him and even has a bell to keep him occupied .
 The company shipped the Felidae very quickly . I received within a few days -LRB- ~ 2 days -RRB- of ordering the food . Moreover , they included nice treats that the cats love :-RRB- . Very good company .
 This is the second one of these from this manufacturer I have purchased . I like it real well . Easy to clean . Withstands winds as long as sand is in the base . The first one was purchased 1 or 2 years ago but the bowl cracked , so I basically bought the second one to replace the bowl . Left out in winter . Will take this one in during the extreme Indiana winter months .
 Box was a little beat up when received , but it came very promptly after I placed the order . This looks exactly like a nice metal birdbath , even though its just plastic . I am very happy with it at the price , and the birds are using it every day -- I 'm very satisfied with the product .
 This Gardman BA01136 Pedestal Bird Bath stands 28 '' tall . The basin is about 17 '' across , excluding the ornate rim , which is about 1-1/2 '' wide . It holds roughly 1-3/4 gallons of water . The base is 15-1/2 '' in diameter . This bird bath is made of lightweight plastic but looks and feels sturdy . It looks appealing too with a simulated blue-green copper patina -LRB- verdigris -RRB- finish . The purchase comes in 4 separate pieces with screws and threads , which the owner can easily assemble by hand in under a minute . The pedestal is hollow and can be filled with dirt and/or pebbles to increase the heft of the assembly . Three wire spikes are included to anchor the bird bath to the dirt . I rigged a inch drip tube -LRB- not included -RRB- and fastened it to the rim of the bird bath with plastic ties . The drip tube provides a constant 1-gallon per hour drip into the basin to keep the water fresh . It is easy to do since my backyard is already piped for drip-irrigation . This is something owners of this bird bath may consider . I had this Gardman bird bath for more than two weeks ; I had n't have any problem so far , and the birds love it . It is a good buy .
 works fine . looks nice in yard . wish the pins were longer and stronger . worth the price .
 This our second one , Have had the first one about 2 years and it has weathered well in the NC sun . Very good quality .
 Very sturdy . Nice looking . Would certainly order again when I need another bird bath . Easy to clean . Just brush it out once in awhile .
 This is an affordable , good looking item that I recommend . Instead of getting a heavy , expensive birdbath , this is easy to assemble and very light weight . It attracts the birds and is easy to move around the backyard .
 Was very reasonably priced for what it delivers . Birds seem to like it . I put extra clamps in the dirt to hold it down , because it is light . But works well .
 For the most part I am very pleased with this birdbath . First of all it came in much shorter time than anticipated and putting it together was a breeze . The birds seem to love it too , but the only negative thing I have to say is that the birdbath is much too light and HAS to be weighted down so that it wo n't tip over . Short of that one point , I would recommend this product .
 You really have to weight this down because it gets blown away too easily with just the stakes it comes with . That 's my only complaint because even though it has been blown away countless times it is durable and still looks good .
 I love it ! I really just wanted it for eye appeal up on a hill in my backyard , and it looks great ! It was a no brainer as far as putting it together and it went together well . I would recommend this product .
 So far the birds are n't using it much and mainly have been just resting there . I hope to see it be more popular with them .
 These doggles are great ! My shih tzu loves wearing them . I just followed the size chart that was recommended , and they fit perfect ! I use all 3 straps and they stay on really well and do n't seem to bother her at all . The rhinestone heart on the pink shades is so cute and so `` girly '' !!
 OMG , I totally love to see my Pomeranian wearing them ! Too cute ! The little plastic `` case '' they come in , is also adorable because it 's sooo tiny ! I bought them simply cause they look cute but they acutally protect their little eyes and are labled 100 % UV block and shatter proof ... AWESOME !!!
 These doggles are very stylish . Everyone loves them . I even got a comment from one guy `` your dog is all swagged out ! '' Had to look up what that meant lol . Well worth the money . Only thing is if the straps arent adjusted right your dog can slip right out of them .
 My dog did not mind wearing the goggles and they fit her perfectly . I would recommend these to any small dog lovers to protect from the harmful rays of the sun . Note
 This product was waiting for me when I arrived . Delivery was fast and good . Product , sunglasses , were in exellent condition and as promised . Very happy .
 My tiny yorkshire terrier looks really cute , all people on the streets do n't stop to see her.This xs sunglasses are perfect for fashion pets and fashion owners !!!
 Bought these for my female Westie to wear to a dog gathering with her brothers who had the beige ones . They were the hit of the `` pawty '' . They held up fantastically and our Westie did n't even try to remove them !
 I ordered two dog kennels . They arrived very quickly and were just as described . They were perfect for my two new pups and we got quite a lot of use out of them .
 This kennel is sturdy enough and has the basic functionality i needed but could in NO way fit a large dog . My lab puppy is 3 months old and has almost outgrown it already . So really think about the dimensions before you buy .
 Have n't used it yet but it was extremely easy to put together . Easy locking sides and will be easy to take apart to clean .
 This is a great crate for shipping foster pups to their forever homes . It is meets airline standards , is light weight but sturdy . and easy to clean . The door can be mounted to open from either right or left side . The only reason that I give it 4 stars instead of 5 is that all 3 we have purchased all had sharp protrusions on the edges where the top and bottom pieces fit together . Sharp enough to cause a rather deep scrape on the back of fingers during assembly . The edges smoothed out easily with an emery board , however .
 The right size kennel for your Shih Tzu . Our puppy is 4 months old now and about 9 or 10 lbs . Looks like this kennel will be big enough even when he 's full grown .
 I have an assortment of kennels by different manufacturers . Recently , I picked up one of these Petmate kennels . It was my first Petmate purchase and the kennel was a little different than others I had purchased . First , the plastic was thinner and a bit more flexible . As the pets I place in kennels are all under 20 lbs , this is not such a big deal . The kennel can accommodate that weight . One of the biggest differences is that the Petmate kennel uses multiple plastic body fasteners that function as twist screws to hold the kennel halves together . On other kennels I have used , plastic 3-4 inch long latches hold the halves together . The twist screws and the latches are equally sturdy . I like the twist screws because there are more of them and if one falls off , the halves are still combined . I like this carrier . I put two of my cats inside and it works well for taking them to the vet . While the not the sturdiest , it suits my needs.3.5-4 stars
 Nice product in a sterile package for emergencies . If you are out in the boonies far away from a vet this could save your pets life by sealing a wound & controlling bleeding until you can get to proper help .
 I have not used this item yet but it is in my first aid kit bag.I already to staple a wound , , , yeah .
 The product is sealed in a sterile bag , which is light and easy to stow in a trauma kit . I hope I never have to use them , but it also brings me some comfort in knowing I have them . They did n't come with any directions , but are rather self-explanatory when look at the stapler close up . It 's going to hurt if you have to use them on yourself !
 My dog is loosing use of her legs and i loosly wrap her feet in this to help her with the traction on wood floors . This has been a great success for her with out having to put down carpet everywhere and the &#34; Boots &#34; just do n't stay on her feet .
 My dog is loosing use of her legs and i loosly wrap her feet in this to help her with the traction on wood floors . This has been a great success for her with out having to put down carpet everywhere and the &#34; Boots &#34; just do n't stay on her feet .
 My son has exzema . We have been using these strips for over a year now and they are great ! He goes swimming with them on and they stay . They hold his medicine and guaze in place while playing and only come off when I take them off . I would highly recomend this product to anyone .
 I ordered this product so I would n't have to bring my cat to the vet to have his staples removed 2 weeks after surgery . -LRB- The incision site was on his cheek -RRB- . I would recommend this product to anyone who 's interested in helping to provide mild veterinary-type assistance to their own pets.Please consult your vet if you do not know how to use these before you purchase them . You do n't want to pinch your pet 's skin or make them uncomfortable . It 's a very easy procedure , but it 's best to know what you are doing first ! : -RRB- I 'm still building my hospice care supplies , and this was a nice addition to the collection .
 Disposable Skin Staple Remover is the best way to remove skin staples , i.e. , quicker , more precise and less painful than trying to do so without the proper tool.If your dog decides to remove the staples on his/her own , they seldom come out without doing damage . In such cases , complete removal of the staple in question can help prevent further damage.In terms of normal staple removal -LRB- normally 10 to 14 days following surgery -RRB- while you should be able to determine that the staples are ready to be removed , if you are unsure , do n't do it , see a vet .
 It came earlier then expected and it was exactly what I wanted !! It works very well !! I use it all the time . ; -RRB-
 The Staple remover is basically a minimal multiple usage item . If you need to use it only one -LRB- 1 -RRB- time , then it will have met it 's intended goal . I 'm not to sure it is something you could keep for a longer multiple usage period . So I have one -LRB- 1 -RRB- for each emergency kit , paired up with a dedicated stapler .
 I really like the doggles , needless to say my puppy doesnt . Have to try to use them more often so she can get used to them . They are so darn cute . . I bought them because the sun causes her to squint . .
 These sunglasses are cute , cute , cute . I do have to use the over-the-head strap so they do n't get too close to my doggie 's eyes . This strap is not attached to the glasses when you get them , but it just clips right on with no problem . Shipping was super fast and would definitely deal with this supplier again . My doggie weighs 23 lbs and the glasses fit her perfectly .
 I purchased these according to the sizing chart off of the doggles website , and they are way too big for my 20 lb pug , so I 'm returning and exchanging for an xs.I 'm still giving five stars because they are terribly adorable , and very well made especially for the price . And even though they were way too big , my little girl kept them on so they must be fairly comfortable .
 I almost hugged my Maltipoo to death because she looks like a movie star with these . My Maggie weighs 12 pounds so I think the X Small would have fit a little better , but she does n't seem to mind these while we 're out walking .
 Normally , when we 've brought home cat treats , one or two of our three cats will like them , and one or two wo n't . They 're picky.With Greenies , they all go bonkers . We just need to start opening the bag and all three come running . It 's become a reliable way to track them all down.One of them has figured out how to open the cabinet we used to keep them in , so we 've had to get more creative about hiding them . The contortions he goes through to open the cabinet are incredible . Naturally when he finds a bag he opens it himself , and he does n't use the zip lock seal , or follow the recommended limit of no more than six treats at a time.Try a small bag to see if your cats like them , but I 'm now buying them in bulk.They like them better than catnip .
 The other Greenies flavors are ok . Other cat treats are not acceptable . But Feline Greenies Salmon flavor is his absolute favorite.He will come running and be ready for his treats , even though he looks disinterested while `` waiting '' on his treats . He hates to look too interested : -RRB- But I love how happy it makes him and is great for his teeth!MJ
 My 5 cats love this Greenies product . They look forward to them and come asking for them every morning . This is a healthy snack and so I feel good about giving it to them . There are other flavors and your cat might prefer one of them . I would recommend them highly as a nutritious and delicious -LRB- to cats -RRB- treat .
 The collars seem to mellow out our dog somewhat . If you are expecting miracles , you might be disappointed though .
 We have a Schnauzer that has separation anxiety and , in general , is a hyper dog . He has had the collar on for one month today and during this month he has only peed on the floor three times and has settled down considerably . The times that he did mess on the floor we noted that the collar had worked loose around his neck . I have just purchased a second collar and hope that this one will be the one to break him of his separation problems .
 We tried everything -LRB- training , exercise , thundershirt , kong stuffed with treats , and even medication -RRB- for our dogs separation anxiety that flared up after we moved and this worked the best !! After the first month of use we switched to using the diffuser so she did n't have to wear an extra collar around her neck , and that worked equally well . Thank goodness for this product ! I am purchasing another one to use when we travel with her so she will never be without it in stressful situations . I read it only works about 80 % of the time depending on the pet , but for her it really helped and it has worked with a friends dog too . Totally worth a try since it has none of the side effects that being on meds can !
 The collar works a treat . It has calmed our dog when out walking and makes it much easier to regain his attention . Walking him is now a much more pleasant outing .
 I purchased this item on the internet at about one-third of the retail cost . I ordered it one day , and the product was in my mailbox two days later .
 I have two big powerful chewing-prone dogs . All I could find at the local stores was plastic , which I am certain my dogs would annihilate within days . And in upstate New York , winters are always cold enough to freeze their water solid by noon . Even with the stretch of highs-in-the-teens that we just went through , their water stayed unfrozen all day long in this bowl . The wide base with the rubber ring also helps to keep the bowl from tipping or sliding around . I 'm very pleased !
 My very destructive Lab has ate through the plastic heated water buckets twice . This was wonderful ! She did eat the rubber ring off the bottom but it works fine without it . Worth it !
 These shears still do n't need to be sharpened ! I 've been using them since September of last year and am grooming anywhere from 4-10 dogs a day ! They make no sound whatsoever when cutting and actually cut like a hot knife through butter . Usually I like using longer shears on bigger areas , but these have to be my favorite . i Find it faster with these .
 I gifted these to my son and he said he 's quite happy with them . I have n't used them myself , nor has he ever had another pair of dog shears , so I ca n't compare them to others for you , sorry . They did look and feel good -LRB- balance -RRB- in my hand before I gifted them , though . As always , Amazon service was great .
 i love these shears ! they are nicely balanced and the cut is precise . i would highly recommend them . i ; ve tried other shears over the years but theser are by far the best .
 I would have given this product a five star review except for the very rounded tip . I needed the scissors to trim the hair around the claws of my poodle that the groomer leaves and that get really long . I had expected the scissors to be more pointed for fine detailing . It is otherwise a very goodproduct . The adjustment knob is nicely sized and easy to use .
 These scissors were much better than I expected . My old shears were from a good pair of clippers for my dogs , but the scissors were useless . I 've never had a `` good '' pair before and did n't know how much I should spend . These are proof that sometimes you do n't have to pay the most for a really good product .
 These are really good scissors for the price . They have stayed sharp after several months of use . And best of all , they 're pretty !
 I have used this canned food for years . I love it and find it to be consistently high quality . I could not get it from my regular supplier so went to Amazon . Ad for this was misleading in that they did not tell you you were only getting 1/2 case ie 6 cans for the price . I thought I was ordering 2 cases and received 21/2 cases or 12 cans total . Hummm . . I 'll go back to my old supplier as this was a very expensive lesson . The product is awesome , the supplier in this case not quite up to par .
 I bought a bottle of this a couple of years ago when my 2 rats got mites and found that it worked really well . Now I have 4 male rats and after having them for 6 months I noticed they now also have rat mites and I still had some of the spray left so I used it on them and it got rid of their mites . Of course I had to treat each other the four rats at least 3 times over a course of a month before I stopped seeing the mites and whereever they got them from I 'm sure they will be back so I am ordering another bottle of this spray to keep around.Mites can come from bedding , packaged food or toys because of how they are stored in the facilites before we buy them . My best advice is to freeze all food and bedding at least 6 hours before you put it in the cage , this will kill most parasites and bugs that have made their way into the bags .
 my gerbil has epilepsy so he is very sensitive to certain products . this worked so well on him it got all the fleas off within 24 hours i was completely amazed . i now use this product every month when im cleaning his cage as a failsafe and i never see any fleas !
 USed it on my guinea pigs and it works . They had lice when I got them . I treated them with this stuff and it killed them quickly without irritating their eyes .
 My rat itched for about a month prior to trying this , she didnt have fleas , no mites I could see , nothing , wasnt losing hair , so I thought she was just doing it for attention , until she started getting some scabs . Before trying this I tried a regular bath , which didnt do any good , I also tried dawn soap in case she was oily , nothing . I tried this stuff , it didnt work the first time , because I blow dried her , but the second time it got a better chance since I towel dried her , and she itched a little after that but after a couple days she stopped . She has not woken me up since , all I can think is she must have had some small mites I couldnt see , this stuff killed it , and then the scabs were itchy for a couple days as they healed . She has scratched a few times since then , but not nearly as often , or as fiercely .
 We purchased these at the same time we purchased the mesh doggle eyewear . This are adorable but , so far , the mesh are the preferred solution for her blindness issue . I think these would be great for a dog to protect its eyes from wind/debris but the mesh ones are preferable for a dog that would try to rub them off . Also , for an 18 lb . bichon the nose piece is a tad long , which pushes the pink lenses out a bit wide for her face .
 Excellent treat to train my rabbit . He always comes inside from the garden when I call him since he knows he 'll be getting two veggie puffs . I still ca n't believe thats all it takes , just two .
 I have a 10 year old rabbit with perfect teeth . Since he does not like to eat hay , I have to assume that this daily treat is what keeps his teeth in check . I am a little concerned that the top two ingredients are corn and rice . Since he 's the picture of health , even at his age , I have to assume his diet is okay !
 TLDR review
 We put the Cascade 1200 Canister Filter on our 75 gallon tank . We have a red-eared slider turtle and lots of guppies for his consumption . The water was a little bit cloudy at first , but within hours the water was very clear and has remained very clear . Our turtle actually looks like he is floating in the air because the water is so clear!We have had the filter in operation for 2 months now , and we have not had to clean the filter out yet . Turtles are extremely dirty so , we are very pleased with the results from the Cascade . Also , the guppies are very active and are producing many many babies !
 I purchased a Cascade 700 almost four years ago for my salt water aquarium and it still is running very well present day ! It is a simple filteration set up , the quick disconnet hoses are nice and filter itself does keep the water very clear . Penn Plax customer service seems very nice and responsive from my experince . When I first purchased the filter , one of the elbow tubes was flattened on one end . I emailed Penn Plax CS and they mailed me out the replacment the very next day ! I 've had a few other filters ; Marineland C series and a couple of their HOB , and yet I still use the Cascade 700 ! You have to make sure that you get the shut off valves just right prior to unscrewing the hoses from the filter itself . If not , water will leak out ! Do not waste your money the `` polishing filters '' Go to Wal-Mart or any craft store and purchase yourself some pillow stuffing ! Its way cheaper and from experince , I still have nice , crystal clear water !
 With the two tray levels that allow you to mange your physical and chemical filtration , this canister filter allows you to manage it with ease , and replace parts without breaking the bank.The pump is super quiet , which makes this canister filter 5 stars in my book .
 I LOVE this filter . The housing is transparent blue so you can see the filter baskets in side . I labled mine 1-4 -LRB- cascade 1200 -RRB- to keep it easy . I am using this in a 55 Gal tank with the filter under cabinet . Tank has a medium bio load and is freshwater . ITS QUIET ! no seriously quiet , the air pump is louder . After comparing many models and features the Cascade Series kept me coming back.SO FAR SO GOOD . People writing reviews saying their tank was &#34; crystal clear &#34; overnight ? really ? I did n't experience that dramatic of a difference yet ... I say that because ... Without an established colony of healthy bacteria in the filter you 're just relying on the charcoal and floss pads . Filter has been running for a week now and NOW I am seeing a bigger improvement . The flow rate might not be what your expecting . Its not a garden hose output but its strong and my fish enjoy the current.THE PROS : PRICE $ $ $ no brainerCONSTRUCTION It feels tough and sturdy . Handle to take filter to sink is nice . Easy shut off valves . NO MESS.INSTALL . Take your time plan it out and its EASY . Be gentle its plastic after all ... IE fittings.SILENT . Is it running ? you sure ? Check again . Love thisTHE CONS : BYPASS ? Yes there is a small gap between filter basket and filter housing . I have started to see some debris collect in this area . Like others have stated before
 first things first.For the most part I like this filter.AS my pen name implies.i have turtles.red eared sliders to be specific.When purchasing this filter I was expecting something with more output pressure or velocity.It will not pump what it implies.On the flip side NO filter does , unless it is pumping out at the same level it is drawing from.Simple physics.Keeping the water moving is very important with turtles.The gallon per hour output on this filter is more like 300 gph.But once again all pumps are rated this way.Other than that it is the best filter I have used for my 150 gallon tank.hands down.Quiet.almost silent , no leaks whatsoever.A little tweaking was in order.First use less filters.meaning less backpressure but better flow or use a companion filter on the other end of the tank like the cascade 400 . I put the output of the 1500 flowing left to right in the front of the tank and position the 400 toward the other corner in back of the tank pumping right to left.This creates good water movement and gives the turtles a natural treadmill.Hope this helps .
 I researched and researched , then researched some more before I purchased the Cascade 1500 for my 125 gallon oscar fish tank . I have 2 large O 's , a big nasty Pleco and 2 Synodontis cats . Needless to say , I have a huge bio load . With the 5 trays of the Cascade 1500 , I have more then enough room for filter media . It 's super quiet , works hard and performs to my expectations . An added bonus is the phone number you call with an issue is answered by an English speaking American . I can not tell you how important that is to me . I had a problem , in the beginning , with a week impeller . A replacement was sent straight away . It arrived in about three days . So the customer service is really good.Overall , I 'm thoroughly pleased and impressed by the performance of this filter . The price was very Inexpensive compared to the others of its class . I bought this filter back in March , it is now October . I am now going to purchase a Cascade 1000 for my 55 gallon Australian Yabbie tank . Another dirty , dirty aquatic creature.I give this company and this filter five stars and an A + +
 I have two huge turtles and have gone through so many filters and never found one good enough until we got this one . It works great and keeps the tank clean . I got one bigger than recommended which I would suggest if your using it for turtles bc their much dirtier than fish . It easy to set up . It 's pretty quiet but I would n't suggest it if its going to be in your room
 As far as the actual canister , it works really well . I actually really love it . I 'm deducting one star because the intake tube is too tall and not easily modified . The intake tube has an extension tube inside it , which is what the guard attaches to . So taking a hacksaw to this will take some work . This should be noted in the sales materials . So people with shorter tanks , take note . Right now I have it towering above the tank , suctioned cupped inside the tank where it submerges . Also , I 'm using the spray bar for output . It comes in 4 sections , but I only needed 3 for the 20L . That 's not a complaint , just info if you need it.Flow is awesome . I 'm growing a planted tank and there is n't much vegetation yet , so take that into account . Also , for anyone who takes things literally , this thing is super quiet , but it is n't silent . I have my tanks -LRB- a stack of 20L -RRB- on a sturdy garden double shelf console table from World Market , so they are n't enclosed -LRB- I 'll be curtaining it off in the back -RRB- . Once I got used to it being on the first day , I do n't even notice it . It 's just part of the low ambient noise of living in a house . In fact , the water makes more noise than the canister if the spray is pointing upward.Lastly , the setup
 I use this product to filter my 5 '' RES ' tank . It worked awesome for a few months but then it suddenly stopped one day , I guess maybe it overheated ? Anyways I got it working again , but in the mean time emailed Penn Plax that I was having issues with the filter and within the next week they sent me a brand new motor piece , a brand new impeller , and a new o-ring to try to remedy my old filter . I was extremely impressed and do n't often leave reviews but that was pretty awesome of them to do that for me . I would highly recommend their products , even with this small fluke . I have another 1200 that 's been running solid for over a year now too .
 works nice my aquarium was clear however one of my fish died within 24 hours of setting up this filter system.nicely packaged tho
 Great filter ... very easy to install , easy to clean and cleans my 90 gallon tank great ! Only problem I 've been having is the spraybar dissconecting from the output tube and falls into the water ... other than that I highlly recomend the filter .
 This product is fantastic . It is silent , efficient , easy to install and so user friendly . My acquarium changed dramatically and now cleaning is managed outside the tank within the external filter . I am very happy with the product .
 I ordered the cascade 1500 aquarium filter from Pet solutions ... to my surprise My filter arrived literally the next day ! Once out of the box I had it up and running in approximately 20 mins ! It was very simple to set up ! I Plugged it in and pressed the prime button a few times and the filter started , just as advertised . The filter seems to be doing a great job on My 125 Gallon African cichlid tank
 This filter is the easiest and best priced filter that you can buy!Length of ownership = 5 monthsAfter reading a ton of reviews , I went with this manufacturer and I am glad that I did . The water is as clear as air ! I bought two of them . The 500 for my son 's smaller tank and a 700 for our family 55gal . Upon arrival and inspection I noticed a damaged part . One email cured that and in less than a week the company had sent a replacement part . They really stand behind their products and offer fabulous customer support.The filter 's directions are not the best , but if you read through enough reviews here then you will figure it all out . The main thing is priming and that too is very easy now . I do n't even spill a drop ! Changing media is simple and the tanks are now spotless!Buy one or two , you 'll be glad you did !
 Received this filter today . It took me about 20 minutes to get everything hooked up , and it was extremely easy . Has been running for about 4 hours on a 55 gallon tank that houses two medium RES turtles . This filter has dramatically clarified the water and reduced the large particles in the tank already . Some people complained that the priming process was difficult , but I did n't have any of those problems . As of now I will highly recommend this product , seems to work incredibly well . I am by no means a professional , and this is my first external filter , but for me it met and exceeded my expectations . I will continue to update this review with any problems that arise . If you are thinking of purchasing this item , in my opinion you will not be disappointed . Hopefully I will also upload a video of the filter and my tank in the near future . The seller was also quick to ship and I will definitely be looking for them in any future purchases . ** UPDATE ** Still working great ! Have found that adding a little filler around the baskets prevents blow by . I have also put the intake and discharge at opposing ends of the tank . I will still give this product 5 stars .
 Works great . Keeps my 75 hex tank sparkling clean , Would recommend it more for the big long tanks rather than the hex style tanks though unless they could come up with a different output arrangement for the hex tanks . Can be a bit noisy .
 thank you this is working very well love this item has relieved alot of stress thanks again would recomend to every one
 it works well . the only issue is to get the initial prime takes a little work ! I would definately shut off the supply valve while priming the pump and then open it to get the siphoning effect . Also keep in mind installing this pump will be like installing a new aquariuim thus removing all the necessary bacteria . You may want to purchase a product called quick start after installation .
 I have been thinking about and looking at buying a canister filter . Why I did n't do this a long time ago , I do n't know . So easy to put together , works like a charm , and so easy to clean . My only regret is that I wish I would have gotten the next size up - because I could have enjoyed extra time between cleaning . I have a 100 gallon fresh water and it works great !
 Very easy to put together and comes with plenty of tubing , intake and output pieces for customizing to your aquarium . I really like the control valves allowing me to use a low flow rate on my delicate aquatic plants . No regrets
 I have a cascade 700 canister in my 40 gallon heavily planted tank and it 's a truly wonderful filter . It was easy to set up . It 's powerful -LRB- all of my plants wave in the currents created by the spray bar and the fish seem to enjoy playing in it -RRB- . My water is crystal clear and I love that I can put whatever media I want into the filter baskets . Best of all , the filter is really easy to clean
 I 've been using a Penn Plax Cascade 500 for a year in my bowfront 29 gal tank . It 's inaudible , a cinch to clean , and it does a great job of filtering the water . And it does n't leak . I advised my son to get the same filter for his turtle tank but he got a Fluval 105 instead , and it 's been nothing but problems . You 're supposed to grease the o-ring with special Fluval grease every time you take it apart , and even then it continues to leak . In the end , it 's easier to replace the o-ring every time you clean the filter , which is a joke . We 're going to trash the Fluval and get another Penn Plax Cascade 500 .
 Works well up to it 's specified capacity.Relativly simple to set up , clean , & reasemble.Good quality product for the price in comparison toto other higher priced units.Will purchase this series of products again .
 I have kept tropical fish for over 30 years . I have tried a lot of equipment over those years , from cheap to expensive . When it comes to filters I have tried cannisters by Eheim , Fluval , Marineland and Penn-Plax . In my opinion , this filter is the best choice . In fact , it is replacing a much praised Eheim 2217 . Go on any aquarium forum and you will read a lot of debate about what filter is the best . In the end , Eheim earns the highest praise . Especially the Eheim 22XX series . I bought into the hype and purchased an Eheim 2217 for my 75 gallon aquarium . The Eheim while quiet -LRB- silent quiet -RRB- quickly lost its ability to create water flow -LRB- this is where the Eheim fanatics will talk about `` pressure '' and `` no by-pass '' making the Eheim special -RRB- . The water in my 75 gallon aquarium soon became unacceptable . I decided to look for a supplemental canister filter to support the Eheim 2217 and stumbled upon the Cascade 700 . I thought this filter would simply provide filtering support to the Eheim , but within a week of placing the Cascade in the aquarium , the Eheim 's impeller began making noise and the water flow stopped completely . I removed the Eheim determined to repair it , but ... the Cascade 700 does a great job keeping the 75 gallon aquarium in tip top shape all by itself ! Yes , it is noiser than the Eheim -LRB- not nearly enough to be disturbing it 's just that Eheim is silent and this filter is barely audible -RRB- , but it works and it works well . My aquarium has been running solely on the Cascade 700 for 3 months now and it looks fantastic.If you want to impress the people on tropical fish forums , purchase an Eheim . If you want a reasonably priced filter that out performs the Eheim line in every way , this is the way to go .
 I 'll be back to update my review to talk a bit about performance . For now let me just talk about the product.Wow . I had a Rena Filstar XP3 . Just google `` Filstar leak '' and you 'll see the nightmare I 've been through . I replaced the canister O-ring . The Quick Disconnect O-rings . The actual Quick Disconnect . I used thread tape , plumbers grease , electrical tape , silicon . That thing is a leaking nightmare . On top of that , the intake and output tubing is kind of retarded . I mean straight from the product description page : `` Make sure the filter is positioned between 24 '' -LRB- min -RRB- and 55 '' -LRB- max -RRB- BELOW the water level of the aquarium . The filter will need to sit on a level surface . Take a look at your aquarium and decide where you want to place the inlet and outlet pipes and the Filstar Canister Power Filter . Make sure the hoses will be long enough and wo n't be stretched after installation . STEP 1Check the PartsLay out all of the parts and make sure nothing is missing or damaged . `` It 's like they 're warning you that you have to pat your head and rub your belly JUST right to keep this thing from leaking during normal operation!But enough about this monstrosity.The Cascade 1500 is a sexy filter . Everything about it was done with love , you can tell.There are ... let me go count ... FIVE media baskets inside this thing . You could put whatever filter media you want in here . It comes with a thing of carbon , five filter floss sponges , and one coarse sponge . I took the media from my XP3 and stuck it in the baskets , along with some ceramic rings.Next , let me talk about the tube hardware . You know , that stuff that goes over the top of the tank and spits the water out/sucks it up . This stuff was also done with care . Excuse me if I say the XP3 stuff felt CHEAP . The arch that goes from the flexible tube to the intake tube of the Cascade is nice and sturdy . The intake tube is a telescoping tube , it 's pretty clever -LRB- not 6 bright green mini tubes plugged together like the Rena -RRB- . The hoses fit snugly onto the tubes , and are attached with a tube nut . You are given two options for your output , a cover so you have a small jet , or else a spray bar . But the spray bar does n't just come in one little dinky spray bar , no . They give you 4 sections of spray bar , at 7 inches each , 5 holes per section . That means you could install a whopping 28 '' spray bar over your long tank ! Nice and thoughtful . They also give you a BOATLOAD -LRB- I think 8 -RRB- of suction cups to firmly hold all parts in place.The thing I like most about this thing is no terrible quick disconnect that leaks like a sieve if you put an ounce of pressure the wrong way on it . You open the valves , and pump the button on the top of the thing 4 times -LRB- instead of pouring water down a little funnel in the intake tube like the Rena -RRB- . The filter fills up , you plug it in , you 're good to go . If you need to service the filter , you turn the valves off , unscrew the connectors , and pull the filter away . It 's that easy.Also - let 's talk about warranty - 3 years ! I wo n't have to worry for a long time.Let 's talk price - This thing was 140 dollars when I got it , free shipping -LRB- Prime -RRB- , no tax ! The XP3 is 160 dollars , comes with 2 or 3 media baskets , and all the parts feel way cheaper.One more thing - customer service . Mars customer service does n't exist . It literally does n't . I promise , try calling them , you will get an answering machine immediately and are told to leave a message . What is that ? Penn Plax customer service is great . Just look at the reviews between the two products.Overall I am SO glad I replaced my Rena XP3.For my next hobby , I plan on burning hundred dollar bills while banging my head against the wall and flooding my living room .
 After purchasing a 29 gallon Aqueon combo I had to replace the Aqueon filter . The Aqueon filter was worthless and made the house smell awful . After much research into Canister Filters , I decided to give the Cascade 500 a try . It took only 2 hours to clear up the tank , and maybe 4 hours to make a noticeable difference in that awful smell . Yes , I 'm reviewing this after having it run for four hours , but so far I 'm ecstatic by the results and had to share . After setting up the tubing , it comes with 2 different options for the water return . You can have one big opening for the output which would create a small current -LRB- I assume -RRB- , or you can do the setup where it takes pipes and has small holes in it -LRB- what I did -RRB- . Setup took about 25 minutes . Make sure you run the activated charcoal under cold water -LRB- while in the tray -RRB- to rinse the dust off . I removed the charcoal from the mesh bag , it did n't specify to do so or not . Priming is a breeze . I noticed some people had problems with bubbles when priming , but a simple solution to combat that would be to prime it before plugging it in . Push the button a couple times and after hearing the sound of rushing water stop , plug it in and do n't worry about it for 3 months . That 's right , the media life on this filter is approximately 3 months.When putting this together , it seemed as if people had trouble attaching the rubber hoses to the plastic tubing . There is a plastic nut that you 'll want to screw all the way down on the plastic piece . Next you 'll slide the hose as close as you can to the plastic nut . Then you 'll loosen the nut to overlap on the hose , keeping it snuggly in place . Very easy , even for a 90 pound girl.Another neat feature of this setup is that the skimmer and the return both have shutoff levers on them , making it easier to change out the media every three months . You can use the skimmer input to throttle the flow if necessary .
 My filter arrived in about 7 days , well packed and in excellent condition . At first I was a bit overwhelmed by the instructions for assembling and installing the filter . I soon discovered that they were clear and understandable and it took me only a short period of time to have it up and running . It has been working like a charm ever since . My aquarium water is crystal clear and the filter is almost completely silent . I am very pleased with this purchase and would recommend this filter to anyone who owns a large -LRB- 50 + gal -RRB- tank .
 This machine is easy to put together , thought the instructions seem a bit overwhelming at first . It had done a great job with my 40 gallon tank and I am using it with for my Turtle and has been very capable at cleaning the water of a usually very messy animal . It is nice and quiet except for the high pressure and flow rate of the output tubing . I merely extend the tubing so that it ends below the water level and the noise of water is considerable reduced . I have only good things to say about this filter after using it for 3 weeks . A solid purchase for sure .
 This is a great canister filter . I 'm running it on a 20 gallon long , planted , tank . It 's easy to set up , runs quiet , does n't leak , and filters the water great . Compared to the other more expensive filters this runs just as well . Highly recommended ...
 works really well on my 100 gallon tank with my 5 huge gold fish and 2 RES ... I used to have to clean my take 2x a week now I only have to clean it out once a month !! It 's cristal clear . . I 'm getting one more for my tropical tank ... VERY VERY good buy
 Outstanding filter , I got the 1500 for a 55 gal tank . It may be a lot of filter for a 55 , but I Love It . Customer Service is good also . Just email them and they will take care or the problem .
 Readily apparent this canister filter has very good output . I like that it is built very robustly , unlike the rena xp3 that I have . The plastic material is very hard and strong . Noise is pretty minimal , especially since I keep it in the aquarium stand . I bought some bio-media and some debulking blocks . Otherwise , this canister filter is good to go . The priming feature worked well . Like the quick disconnect valves in the hose -- very much like Eheim and makes it convenient to separate the canister from the hose for maintenance . A very good canister filter for the oney . I think very comparable to the new Fluval 's , which is excellent.PROS : + solid construction + incredible flow + relatively quiet for the flow delivered + Nice intake/output hardware -- intake adjustable length , output
 For the Price this filter has turned out to be great . It 's extremely quiet , I do have it hooked up to the corner flo in my 150 gallon tank and i think it 's doing a good job . I am considering purchasing another for added filtration !
 I 'm new to the aquarium hobby and wanted good filtration with little noise or bulk so I went with a canister filter . It took me about 30 minutes to go through the instructions and set it up . Everything you need to get started is included . I 'm impressed with the clarity of my water . I 'm still cycling my tank but any issues with clarity have been cleared up after a small water change and some time for the filter to do it 's job . It 's also whisper quiet . As far as I am concerned , it works as advertised and the price makes this filter a good deal .
 This is my first cascade filter and I am fairly impressed.Pros : dead silentplenty of outflow options . lots of adjustment here . includes spray barfully adjustable intakeattractive . for a filter.body and hoses `` feel '' goodeasy to use primer buttonCons : flow is a little weak . works great on a 20g . struggled quite a bit on a 30ghose disconnect , while effective , is a little irritatingi would like more media area . probably not an issue on larger units . you still get 4 media types even in this smaller unitoverall I like this filter better than some of the more expensive options available . if it had the slick hose disconnect of some of the German competitors and a touch more GPH , it would be perfect .
 My fish tank never clear as long for three days . since I used this Canister filter two weeks ago , It still crystal clear . Amazing !!!!!!!
 I had terrible problems getting the pump to go , until I read the review that says just keep pumping until water comes out the hose . It 's impossible that 5 taps could produce enough volume - the seals are incapable of holding out the air anyway . You also may need to keep hitting the primer button after you plug it in , AND if you rearrange the hoses and some extra air gets out . The pump simply hates air.But now it works like a real charm . Very very quiet and with a lot of power . There is really nothing made for kiddie pools , so I set this up for ours . I have a 6x10 I set up on the deck to avoid paying for so much air conditioning . I work at home - it 's fab , especially for guests with a few drinks on the deck . I got an aquabroom for pebbles and sand on the bottom , and use a soup skimmer attached to an old broom handle to skim leaves and debris . We have only needed to change the water every week to 10 days , and have not needed to use chemicals . The only problem has been when you clean algae off the bottom , the water got a little cloudy . The aquabroom actually works pretty well as a filter , but you have to move it around the pool for half an hour sometimes to get it all . I 'm not good at standing still that long.But , I just turned Cascade 1500 on 15 minutes ago , and already the water is much clearer . I am very happy , and will update if I 'm not !
 I use this filter for my Red Slider . It is `` pump action '' so one can syphon the water into the canister . The filter is great and I do n't have to change it as often . Setup maybe tough at first but worth the buy .
 I did n't give this filter five stars because the first one I got had a hairline crack in the housing where the curve part begins . I found this out when I filled it with water and plugged it in . These units were supposed to have been water tested because there was a warning the insides may be wet . A phone call to Penn-Plax resolved the issue as they sent me a complete new housing .
 It was super easy to install . Feels like I got my money worth with this product . I is built very well and is very quiet . I have a 180 gallon tank that I have pretty heavily stocked with large fish . I have a sump and it was fairly clean but since I added this about 5 days ago the water looks like it is right out of a bottled water jug . I have been getting great peramiter readings . I will have to add some photos later
 This is a great modestly priced filter . It 's very quiet . Not as quiet as my eheim but it 's barely noticeable . I suggest buying some bio media to put in like fluval biomax or seachem matrix . Mind did n't come with any but I purchased from another seller . The only real complain is that there is some bypass on the filter as the baskets do n't come as close to the canister wall as I 'd like but it 's good enough . I had a small drip from one of my flow valves and emailed customer service and they shipped me two new ones for free . The leak ended up stopping on its own but it 's nice to know their service is great . If this filter had lower amount of bypass closer to that of other filters like it I would rate 5 stars but for around $ 60 shipped it makes a great filter for the price .
 i ran one 1500 on my 150 gallon tank for about two years and have not had a single issue with it . i only clean it every two months or so and it has stayed very clean . i did not think that my tank could be any cleaner until i found a steal on another one and decided to hook it up then my water got even better . Two 1500s on a 150 gallon tank that is very well stocked with some really old and large fish . The tank is about six feet behind my couch where i watch tv and the pumps are not enclosed . They are loud enough to hear `` less noisy then my fridge running '' but not loud enough to be annoying . These could not be easier to maintain in any way . The only down side which was not enough to mark it down over is that you can not just shut the pump down and turn the valves to service you do have to leave it running to clear the lines one at a time to avoid leaking from the ball valves but the leaking is avoidable if you actually read your owners manual and disconnect as told . Overall incould not be happier with their product and will definately be buying them again should they go bad . Also the o-rings are not hard to get . every single ace or true value on the planet will have them sitting on the shelf waiting for you .
 T works like a dream , setup was easy and the directions were easy to follow . Thanks for getting it to me so quickly .
 I had a hard time getting the filter started . Once it was primed though , it is very quiet . I used the spray bar to propel the output water on the side of my turtle 's tank since the water level is lower for a turtle . This way it is not loud at all . An extension for people who might want to have the output dispelled under water would be nice though , although some make-shift alterations could accomplish this pretty easily . The customer service phone number led me to a voicemail box and I did n't hear back from them despite calling early in the day .
 I got this filter for my red-eared slider turtle 's tank . She is a mess and I was having a hard time finding a filter that can keep her tank clean . This filter keeps her tank clean for at least a month before I have to clean it and replace the filters in the canister . The filter is easy to assemble and is very quiet when working ! It is big and takes up a fair amount of space but you do n't mind b/c it filters the water so well ! I would recommend this canister filter to anyone .
 Well worth the money . This filter does a much better job than does a back of the tank filter . The filter moves much more water and has much more filtering media . I would buy again .
 I recieved my Cascade 1500 in the mail yesterday . First things I noticed was the unit had some slight surface damage on it . It was cracked on the outside , but this did not impede the seal for the function of the filter . The second issue was the lack of any biological sponge or carbon bag , though these were clearly indicated to be included with the filter . These two issues aside , the filter performs very well and im very happy with the power and the ease of set up/use . I plan on using Penn Plax products in the future .
 So I spent a few days reading reviews before I realized every product is going to have bad reviews and great reviews . So I bit the bullet and dropped the cash for the Cascade 700 filter for my 35 gallon tank.I have only had it set up for about an hour . So this review will basically be about set up and first opinions . I will update it if my opinion changes . But for now I really like this filter.Easy of set up
 I 'm new to aquariums but after doing my research I chose to go with the Cascade 1500 . I have a 100 gal freshwater tank and this thing is doing the trick very nicely . My water quality is perfect so far so I have to attribute that in part to good filtration . The best part of it all is that I asked the local aquarium store owner what the best unit for my tank was -LRB- after I had already ordered this one -RRB- and he was trying to sell me this one . In the store they had it listed for the `` everyday low prices '' of $ 349.99 ! This thing was a deal and I highly recommend it .
 I often have difficulty finding this product through various web sites so I was grateful to find it available on Amazon ! My older weimaraner 's diet relys on this suppliment it does wonders for his eyes , skin , and importantly controlling his loose stools . I have tried everything you can imagine even vet prescriptions , but nothing works as good as Olewo carrots it 's just amazing and I do n't know why it 's so difficult to find this product !! Another thing I was delighted was the super fast shipping from vendor I got my product in 4 days and I was told delivery could take up to 15 days ! Definately I will continue going through Amazon as long as my old dog needs it !!
 I 've used Olewo for 2 years - the impact on my dogs is amazing ! All 3 animals have silky shiny coats - and their skin doesnt `` crawl '' when you scratch them . Their skin isnt dry anymore and it doesnt flake at all . Directions on the bag are not really clear with regards to how much to give your animals . But , once I figured that out , it 's been smooth going ! AND , the dogs are maniacs for it ! If I forget to prepare it and they go more than 3-4 days without the Olewo supplement , I begin to see their skin `` crawl '' - doesnt take much to get it back into their systems - just do a couple of days straight in their dogfood and then back to the everyother day routine.No matter where I order it from , it always seems to take 2 weeks for delivery - not sure why that it is . So , always have to plan ahead .
 What is the best thing for a heavy-chewing dog ? Bully sticks . Perhas you know that if a dog swallows too big of a piece of raw hide , it can damage the tube on the way down , or can clog up the digestive system -LRB- rawhide is not digestible -- who knew -RRB- . Prior to discovering and rigging up a Chill Pill , I found that my dog would chew the bully stick down to 2 '' - 3 '' then swallow the last big nub whole . Even though bully stick is digestible , those pieces were too big and pup would sometimes throw it back up the next day . Chill pill is perfect for forcing pup to chew the bully stick down to a small nub . A 20 oz coke bottle cap with two holes drilled in the top goes inside the chill pill . A 4 '' cable tie holds tip of the bully stick -LRB- hole drilled through the end of the bully stick -RRB- in the chill pill so pup can not swallow it . When he gets to the end -LRB- like ~ half an inch -RRB- , I cut the cable tie and let him swallow the rest . No problems.Chill Pill is perfect . I 'm bummed that I just got another dog , but I can not find Chill Pills any more . If anybody knows where to get one , post a comment to this review .
 I have a 2 year old shepard mix that I recently adopted from a local shelter . After a couple of weeks , she started showing signs of separation anxiety when I would leave for work . I slowly introduced her to this toy by opening it up and stuffing each half with a treat -LRB- one half while I was getting ready to leave , and the other when I did leave -RRB- . She 's so preoccupied that her anxiety has nearly diminished and now she 's interested in it enough that I completely enclose it and it takes her a while to open it up . By the time she 's finished , she has n't even noticed that I 've left . She 's not an aggressive chewer at all , but just gets anxious when I leave and probably bored throughout the day . This chew toy has been extremely helpful and I highly recommend it to anyone with similar issues .
 This is a good product that I bought for my long haired cat . However , he was so mated , right down to the skin , that I had to take him in to the vet for a shave . He feels much better now . Good for mats that are n't that severe .
 I used one of these in the late 60 's to groom Afghan hounds ... got a mini poodle recently and she was covered in mats . Used properly , this one one of the greatest tools to have in your grooming box.Always have the blade away from the skin of the dog .
 EASY TO USE . THE DOG & I LIKE IT ! SAVES TIME / I DO A LITTLE EVERY COUPLE OF DAYS / KEEPS THE DOG HAPPY & LOOKING GOOOOD !
 Do n't let the look intimidate you . Though this is a razor-sharp instrument , it 's quite safe when used properly , and when you have a tough mat you need a sharp splitter . This is used to pull up vertically thru the mat like a pik . The blade itself is never against the skin . I used it on my elderly cat and his fragile skin was n't tugged at all . After splitting the mat multiple times , I picked it out with a comb , then followed with a brushing . Five paws-up . = ^ . . ^ = -LRB- Remember , this is a razor and should not be handled by children or anyone not willing to use it properly . -RRB-
 I almost never write reviews but I am just so absolutely thankful for this product that I could n't resist . This is the best tool that I have found to combat mats ! It works better than all of the dematting rakes , combes and other tools I 've purchased.It slices right through the mat , making it easier to comb through it using a comb , rake or even pin brush . Although it is VERY sharp -LRB- it is a blade -RRB- it has a safe tip and angled design that allows me to get as close to my little baby 's skin as possible without him feeling the slightest tug . This mat splitter is ideal for thick mats that are close to the skin.I have a super soft and slightly fluffy maltese and I keep his hair long and flowing . I have had so many problems using my other dematting & grooming tools -LRB- which are n't bad , I try to make the processes of grooming as pain & stress-free as possible , so I use the highest quality tools that I can find at a reasonable price -RRB- because my little guy would be in so much pain with each pull . Using this mat splitter before grooming has greatly reduced the amount of stress and pain that my dog feels , and the time and energy it takes to complete the grooming process .
 My cat Beefy hates to be combed or brushed , so naturally he has the longest , densest fur in the family . Although I do my best to work with him , he develops some really troublesome mats . He had an enormous one on his back and I had tried just about everything to get rid of it . I was going to just suck it up and buy an expensive shaver , then I saw this and thought I 'd give it a try . Used carefully and slowly , this mat splitter works beautifully to get rid of mats of any size . I worked carefully to cut away the mat and soon it was gone , and with a minimum of fuss and bother from and to Beefy . He 's one happy cat , I 'm one happy human , and this is one fine product !
 I have had the pleasure to spend the last twenty years with long haired cats and now I find this amazing tool , which would have save me lots of visits to professional groomers . I used for this first time on my dog `` Chi '' who is a Japanese Chin who often gets tangles in his long hair . This tool is amazing and did a perfect job without pain or fear of cutting the skin . I wish I had had known about this years ago and would have saved some embarrassing haircuts for some of my cats.I never used write these reviews but I realize how important they have been to me in my shopping choices over the past six months . Now the first place I go to look up information on almost any product is Amazon.com as I have found their prices and customer service to be first class .
 this tool actually works . Which I had it before my dog became severely matted It pick apart the matt which makes it easy to cut off .
 A very simple device that removes the mat quickly . A must have for long haired dogs or any dogs who are prone to matting .
 I have four dogs.One gets his ` skirt ' horribly matted.This shear cuts through mats easily . Too easily it can be scary.Comfortable enough handle . Good price.Make sure it 's handled properly to prevent self injury and injury to your dog though it does have a curved point , and I never have had an accident with it.Do handle all sharp blades with care .
 I just received this mat splitter earlier this week and want to tell you that I LOVE it . My dog is a havanese and she has very fine silky hair , the other mat splitters that I have just were n't doing the job . Part of the problem was that I am left handed and even when I changed the blades for a left handed person , I still felt awkward using them . Another problem was that the hair was so fine that it slipped through the blades . With this splitter I am able to target the mat and split it fast making it easier on my dog . It works equally well for both right and left handed individuals . And the cost is a lot less then other splitters I have . Money well spent .
 Have used this product for years and it works very well and the exchangeable blade is a bonus though single edged razor blades are hard to find .
 Got the job done for my diy wet/dry trickle filter/sump powerful flow , works great have been running it for months and it works great !
 Been running this pump for a year and a half without stopping.I only stop the pump when I do a water change for about 30 minutes then I start up the pump again.No problems so far .
 usually this webiste sucks ass because of the cheap price and crazy shipping prices.today i found a cheap durable strong pump that made me so happy after my recent numer two i forgot to wipe.yes it was that serious ... sincerly , a satisfied dude .
 We have 2 cats . At $ 35 a pop , that is quite expensive.We had lots of troubles at first . The keys stopped working regularly after a few days worn by each cat . We finally found the reason
 I have four cats and they all seem to like this food . It was the only one in a dry form that I could find that did n't have fish in it . It is also good for their diet , the chicken and brown rice is easy on the stomach .
 My older cat was totally spoiled by her previous owner , who fed her Friskies dry/wet food all the time -LRB- which contributed to her teeth getting rotten -RRB- . I was able to switch her to Purina One Smartblend -LRB- a much healthier dry food -RRB- but was looking to add something with less fillers and more high-quality ingredients . We adopted a kitten who was eating Science Diet dry food at the shelter and I decided to switch her over to California Natural as well -LRB- SD has a lot of fillers in it despite being `` Vet recommended '' -RRB- . CN was recommended at 3 different pet food stores by the employees , who feed it to their own cats -LRB- I also scored a few sample bags to test on my girls , which they took to without any problems -RRB- . Both of my cats love this food and have n't had any adverse reactions . Their coats are still thick and shiny and their litter boxes are easier to clean as their poop is more compressed . The kibble itself is somewhat dense , but the crunchiness helps clean their teeth , which is a bonus . I mix CN with the Purina One and it 's been a great combination thus far.As for LCM 's review , if the company switch bothers you then fine , choose another brand . I was unaware of any change as the ingredients list is exactly the same as it was last year . If something does change , I 'll edit this review , but for now , we 're all satisfied .
 If you have a cat that has not been doing well , stomach wise , try California Natural . Ingredients are simple - chicken and rice . No corn , no soy , no yeast no anything that your cat could be allergic to . I had gotten a kitten and his stomach was not happy for almost one year . After numerous testing , different medications over the course of 8 months , my vet finally said maybe it was his food - I even went to a different vet for a second opinion . Second vet also said it could be his food . So , I started looking at ingredients in different dry cat foods and looked at California Natural - minimal ingredients so less for the cat to get sick on . Turns out this food worked for my fur baby and he 's now 7 years old and doing great .
 My cats both have food allergies and they were throwing up even Purina Naturals . After one of them developed diabetes , a moderator of a Yahoo group for feline diabetes steered me towards this . We have had virtually no dietary problems , the occasional oops but not like before . They also seem to have less feces , which is a sign of a good diet . We have purchased 3 -LRB- 15lb -RRB- bags since being informed of the P&G buyout , I have not noticed any differences but it may be hard to tell until the stock made by the previous manufacturer is exhausted . In the meantime , I plan on sticking with this food . I would like to try the Sweet Potato but do n't want to buy such a high cost food and then find out they do n't like it .
 This is what we found after Science Diet discontinued their lamb and rice formula . One of our cats is allergic to fish and corn , so we settled on this because we could n't find anything else without those two ingredients . Well , lucky us . It 's the best cat food we 've ever used . All of our cats like it . Our cat allergic friends have fewer problems with our cats than any others . We rarely see hairballs anymore . The cats are prettier and fluffier than ever . Great food . Hope it never changes .
 Having 3 cats , ranging from 2-9 years old , it is hard to find a food that they all like and will eat . When one of my cats went from 10lbs to 6 lbs , I thought there was something wrong with her . After hundreds + dollars of vet work-up bills , comes to find out she did n't like the food I had at the time . I went to the local pet food store and picked up multiple samples of cat food . They all came to an aggreement on the California Natural Chicken & Brown Rice . It has been almost a year and they still love it , so I do too !
 Our cat loves this food and after years of tummy problems , we 've finally narrowed it down to corn or wheat allergy . This `` pure and simple '' cat food is wonderful ! Thank you so much for a great product !
 Amazon.com and its trading partner , &#34; Wag &#34; . Deliver via UPS to your door in very short order-to-delivery turn-around , your choice of high quality , very fresh specialty pet food . The manufacturing &#34; sell by &#34; expiration dates on the product are better than one would typically find in inventory on the shelves in pet stores . The total cost including delivery is comparable to prices at the brick and mortar discount stores . Our cats ' veterinarians recommended California Natural , Chicken and Brown rice years ago due to a health maintenance issue of one of our cats and because this food product is a good across the board formula that all of our cats can eat . We have had good results with California Natural and we did not want to risk changing to another brand or formula . We moved to a new area , where this product was not readily available in stores , and buying on-line through Amazon and &#34; Wag &#34; became the perfect solution to continuing to get the &#34; specialty &#34; cat food product that we wanted .
 I have 2 beautiful wonderful kitties , but one has a sensitive stomach . It was a nightmare finding the right food but im so happy it is this one , not something with filler and something with better quality food , my pets health/life is more important than a higher priced cat food . She used to have problems but since switching to this food , no problems with the litter box and no hair balls , been months now and we finally have her healthy , along with her brother who was very small and grew a lot with this nourishment ! I would highly suggest this brand for a more natural food for your pet ! It is the only thing my little girl can tolerate besides human baby food chicken flavor , but together i know they both get the nutrients they need and they dont gorge on it ever resulting in a happier life for all of us with no intestinal upset !
 Had to wait a little while for the product to arrive - no fault of the seller though - strictly a post office delay . Seller was very helpful in tracing the package . It was worth the wait . My 4 cats LOVE their new toys and they are all over the house . Will definitely order from this seller again .
 In NYC , the sidewalks are always covered with salt or ice melting chemicals , which are very painful for dogs . Mine hate booties so I gave mushers a try . It works very well to protect dogs . Care must be taken with carpets , though , as the wax tends to stick to them .
 I purchased this item after finding it on the web while looking for dog booties . I have an Australian Shepherd -LRB- Bandit -RRB- who has had some problems with the front left paw . He had one center toe removed due to a large cyst , and had some other pad issues that required surgery . He would limp all the time on hard surfaces , and the cold ground really caused him pain . He would walk enough to do his business outside , then hold the foot up and hobble back into the house . Snowballs between the pads were a big bother , and all the licking from trying to remove them -LRB- when I could n't get them myself -RRB- made for more pain.I started using the Mushers Wax every 2-3 days , and noticed a HUGE improvement after about 4 treatments . No snowballs between the pads , and the cold ground does n't even faze him ! He is back outside running , and NO LIMPING during our walks or on any hard surfaces.This is one product that I will ALWAYS have handy and use , and am interested to see if it helps protect the pads in the summer also -LRB- which I am SURE it will ! -RRB-
 As mentioned in another review , city people tend to get rock salt happy . I 've tried Musher 's after reading the review . Easy to apply and feel better knowing that their paws are protected during the walks . The dogs -LRB- English bulldog and pug/jack russell mix -RRB- wo n't wear any clothing around their torsos and I wo n't even attempt booties . Thanks for a great product .
 My service dog breeder/trainer recommended this -LRB- I was going to buy booties -RRB- In triple digit Arizona heat my dog walked barefoot -LRB- with musher 's -RRB- without any problems.Really easy to put on , just wipe their footsies through the &#34; wax &#34; LOVE it!Hate the idiots who yell out their car windows thinking I would let my boy walk unprotected on the hot streets , even just to my car !
 I have a white pit bull who has sensitive skin and sensitive pads . He tears his pads up when hiking and from playing at the dog park . This stuff is amazing !
 Great keeping the little paws soft and moist . My little maltese loves to be pampered and this makes her feel like she is getting a pedicure . A little goes a long ways ... Would recommend and buy again .
 I use this on my Cavalier 's paws . The hot pavement is easier on his paws now . The pavement in FLorida gets pretty hot .
 Mushers wax really made winter fun for my corgi . They are impossible to find dog shoes or booties for . Also great for my cats cracked dry paws .
 I have two border collies that absolutely LOVE to play fetch . However , their paws get torn up from sliding around on the grass , so I decided to buy Musher 's Secret to try it out . I must say I 'm absolutely thrilled with the results . You would n't think that you would want to make your dogs ' paws softer , but let me tell you
 I 've just come into the house after a walk in , I 'm embarrassed to say , 9 degree weather . We have snow and ice on the road but the sun is out and makes it feel so warm I did n't need my gloves otherwise I try to wait until the thermometer reads at least 32 . As for my darling Golden boys -LRB- 18 months and 21/2 , 90 lbs each -RRB- , they had a very , did I mention very , minimal amount of ice buildup after a 1 mile hike . I am very impressed . My only suggestion to improve the application of Mushers Secret Paw Protector would be that the container be wide enough to rub the bottoms of their feet in it to facilite the process . I feel as though I am dressing two small children to get them ready for fun in the snow but have to say the use of this cream is a fantastic aid for those who refuse boots . I will definitely be faithful in the use of this cream to protect the pads and inbetweens of my guys . I ca n't help but feel they enjoy the rubbing to apply the cream as well .
 Wonderful product . Our sheltie was with us in Arizona -LRB- we are from Oregon -RRB- , his feet burned so bad on the sidewalk and asphalt . I started using Mushers Secret on him and within a few days he had a much easier time of it even though the weather got hotter . No smell , no mess and no staining . He did n't try licking it off and seemed to enjoy me putting it on him
 When sub-zero weather arrives , my corgis can barely stand outside long enough to go potty . Many O ' times I 've have to warm toes just to make it the 50 feet back to the house . And yes , a few times I had to carry them . -LRB- Thank goodness I only have two ! -RRB- Booties were out of the question , so we just toughed it out . Then I read about Mushers Secret and thought I would give it a try . Holy Corgi , Batman ! This stuff is the bomb ! Our order arrived just as the temperatures dropped to minus 19 degrees with wind chills of minus 45 . After rubbing their paws down , out we went ! I could n't get them to come back in ! They were running and playing like it was a Spring day ! Two BIG thumbs up to this product !
 YAY ! Mushers secret really does work ! My little dog would gimp through many of our walks and we would stop , wipe out his paws , walk , stop on and on . Applying this wax allows him to walk freely and it does stay on for a good week . No stain , no mess , no licking it off . I highly recommend this product ! Well worth every penny !!
 Used product for several years with great results . As I applied product by bare hand , improvement of my own was evident .
 Mushers Secrete is a great product to allow our dog to have a longer playtime in the snow without snow accumulating in between his toes . The only thing you have to watch out for is allowing your dog to walk on the floor in the house before the stuff dries as the product will leave grease marks on the floor .
 This arrived just before the big storm of 2010 . It works great . Both dogs walked free and comfortably despite salt and more snow than I care to see again for a long time .
 I live in Texas and have a yellow lab , not the typical location that would need a product like this . Every time I take my dog to the dog park he plays fetch constantly , but he always left the park with a torn carpal pad . I was looking for something that would protect his pad and allow him to keep playing fetch . I used Musher 's Secret on his pad about 3 times before we actually went to the park again . When we left the park , his pad was just fine and no blood in sight . I consider this a success !
 This is an excellent product ! My dog runs 20-30 miles a week with me on very unforgiving surfaces . I was looking for something to protect her pads , and decided to try this . Her pads in great condition now , it smells wonderful , and has no toxins ! I do n't even mind getting it on my hands ! I will continue to purchase this until she does not need it anymore . The order and delivery where also very smooth , easy , and expedient .
 I smear this in between and on to the pads of my two mini doxies right before I take them outside for playing or walking . I have noticed a huge difference in their ability to stay out longer and not have their pads worn away by all of the salt on the ground and in the streets =-LRB- If you put too much on , or they are not outside very long - then I would recommend wiping off their paws before letting them back inside , as the wax will come off onto your carpet/furniture .
 I discovered this product while getting my pup 's nails trimmed at a local place . She offered this `` moisturizing '' paw treatment for a few extra bucks , and I agreed to throw that in as Piper 's paws seemed a bit rough . I was so impressed at how smooth her pads felt , I asked her what it was she used . She showed me Musher 's Secret and said that she sold it if I wanted some . I said , `` Sure ! `` I 've been using this product throughout our harsh , Minnesota winter . I think it makes a huge difference ! Her pads are never dry if I apply this regularly . I put it on once a week and will probably ramp up as we head into the core of our Winter season . Her paws always look nice a clean after knocking off the snow . I highly recommend this product ... even if you do n't live in a cold climate , it 's like lotion for the paws and helps keep them clean by preventing dirt from being absorbed into the pad .
 Heard about this product from other people , so we wanted to try on our dog that sometimes gets blisters , and it works great !! Highly recommend .
 Mushers is easy to apply and does not stain cured the cracked paw pads that my dog had , cant wait to see how it works in the snow
 I ripped my dogs pads this summer mouniain biking . Since then I have been using Mushers on all 4 of his paws and he has not had an issue since then .
 This worked really well on my dogs feet . We have a lot of snow , ice and salt during the winter and those things really bother my dogs feet . But with the Mushers Secret on her paws , she did n't have any trouble . It made her pads -LRB- and my hands -RRB- really smooth
 After several seasons of chewed on , infected paw pads , antihistamines , prednisone , antibiotics , and vet visits , a light bulb went off . It occurred to me that the same barrier that would keep snow and ice off the skin would also keep allergens from affecting the skin . It is working exactly as I had hoped . I simply use a baby wipe on my dog 's feet when he comes in from outdoors . The wipe will get the pollen off , but not disturb the wax -LRB- which will eventually wear off after a few days -RRB- . I decided to write this review as I ordered a jar of Musher 's Secret for a friend whose dog is suffering from contact dermatitis .
 I purchased this to use for my Great Danes . We do an annual 5k run supporting breast cancer awareness and my Dane always ends up with sore , bloody , torn-up pads after running on the hot pavement . This year I put some of the Mushers Secret on him for the first time immediately before the run . His pads were 100 % fine afterwards ! Thank you so much for an amazing and easy to use product .
 I just bought Mushers Secret for my 5 year old pit bull . She has always had dry paws but they never bothered her until recently . I live in Michigan and her paws have gotten so dry that she has been licking them until they bleed . I put a little of the Mushers Secret on today and waited ten minutes before I let her walk around . Its amazing , it soaks in and moisturizes deep in the pad . She has n't licked her paws once since I used this .
 I live in Northern Michigan and have three dogs , two of them with arthritis and hip & joint problems . Before I found Musher 's Secret , I would have to carry my dogs to their `` potty spot '' in the backyard , through all the snow , and then carry them back in -- the pads of their paws and their feet would hurt so much , they could n't walk back in on their own.I 've tried dog boots , homemade boot concoctions and even had winter boots made for my dogs , all to no avail . They either slipped off as soon as I put them on or did n't do any good and my dogs feet STILL hurt them.Musher 's Secret , though , has been a blessing . I apply it daily to my two older dogs and to my poodle and it 's made SUCH a difference . We still ca n't leave them out too long in the winter weather , but I do n't worry about their feet or their pads hurting , splitting , getting -LRB- pet safe -RRB- ice melter/salt in their pads or between their toes.I recommend Musher 's Secret to EVERY dog owner and I 'm looking forward to using it this summer when we take our dogs on walks on the city sidewalks -- it 's great for hot or cold weather , and we LOVE it .
 The Musher 's Secret dog paw protection is excellent ! It prevents snow balls in between the dog 's toes , and conditions the paw beautifully . In addition , there are no messy paw prints in the car , as it dries clear and clean .
 I 'm an obedience and carting trainer with a Lab and a Newfoundland.I snowshoe with my dogs a lot . My Newfie loves the snow but hates the snowballs that form between his webbed toes . Before I used Musher 's Secret , he ran in the snow for 5 mins . and then spent the rest of his snow playtime , sled pulling time chewing the snow from his feet . Now Maestro plays and carts for hours with no distractions . I 'll never go a winter with dogs without it .
 I recieved this product in a very fast and timely manner ! very easy to use on my 2 dogs paws.Just open jar and wipe fingers acrosss the wax and apply . does ` nt seem to bother them at all ! Dirt does not stick to paws or any residue left on carpets ! -LRB- no smell -RRB- good product .
 Great product . Works exactly as you would expect , no snow between toes , pads or anywhere its applied . Can also be applied after dogs feet are wet or snow covered . Have used it on Newfoundlands and wont use anything else .
 My golden retriever seems to have sensitive feet . She has had a couple of salt burns even when I rinse her feet after walking . She will let me put booties on her , but it is hard to get them tightened just right . Too tight and her feet swell , too loose and we have to backtrack and dig them out of a snowbank . I think this product is wonderful . I 'm happy I tried it and will definitely buy more .
 My beagle loves to go on walks but the road salt in the winter really hurts his paws . I 've tried boots but he wont wear them and the ones we 've tried are too slippery anyways . I bought this based on the recomendations posted about this stuff . Well after 4 uses , I can say it does work . It 's kind of messy to apply and my beagle is n't thrilled with me handling his paws but once I get it on -LRB- make sure you get in between the toes -RRB- road salt becomes a non issue . It would be nice if they made something a little easier to apply . Like maybe a spray or a dip . Otherwise I 'd buy this again .
 I have a large dog -LRB- 80lbs -RRB- and he is pretty active . This helps in the winter here -LRB- NYC -RRB- when the parks and recs group gets rock salt happy . We ca n't spend hours outside , as much as he would like to , but for short walks -LRB- 30-45 min -RRB- he is covered and we do n't have to worry about his paws . Longer than that and the stuff wears off , but like I said he is pretty active and the water/snow can get a little wild in the city .
 Mushers secret will stain the carpet if you put it on and your dog takes off running on the carpet right away . I have paw grease marks all over my carpet that I ca n't steam clean out . But the product does work as I walk my dog 2-3miles a day in Chicago
 I used the Musher 's Secret on my dog 's paw after he had cracked open his paw . It helped keep the snow and stuff out of it and it has since healed . He usually hates me touching his paws but actually liked me putting the stuff on them . I guess it soothed his paws . I 'm glad to have this now since it is winter and it helps keep out all the snow from his pads .
 Musher 's Secret is easy to apply , does n't stain carpets nor does the soft , somewhat waxy material stain carpet or leave any apparent residue on hardwood floors . Most importantly , Gracie the dog seems to pretty much ignore the material once applied and it definitely appears to provide her with surprising protection from the cold , icy surfaces and the ice melt salts used extensively in our neighborhood . Would recommend trying it if you have n't previously . Gracie is not good with using any kind of boots or protective layers on her paws . She works them until she removes them .
 Went hiking/camping on the App . Trail in a little snow that my springer had never been around ... I felt the mushers dried on his pads and I knew he was n't affected by the coldness of the snow ... also use it for our runs/walks on hot pavement -- which has been great for his sensitive feet ... go ahead and buy you wo n't be disappointed .
 We walk daily in a variety of terrain . Grass , asphalt , concrete , mud , snow , rain etc. . I have not had a chance to use this in the snow , however it really has helped with the sensitivity to the rock salt we encounter . My dog 's not limping and hobbling like she was before . Yes , like others have said you have to apply it every couple of days -LRB- right now I 'm daily because the salt made her pads really irritated and rough and there 's still a lot of salt out on the walks -RRB- but the same could be said about lotion you or I use . To expect to use this stuff once a week when your dog is outside numerous times a day is unrealistic , I think . It only took 2 applications for my dog to not fuss about it on her paws and it 's not greasy or slippery and it does n't leave `` paw prints '' on my furniture , the carpet , or the tile . Works far better than bag balm for the paw issues . For reference , my dog is a 40lb shepherd/chow mix and yes , I trim the longer hair between her pads because it becomes a dirt/ice magnet . Once we are buried in snow again , I will follow up with what I experience with the info that Mushers helps stop ice chunk buildup between her toes and pads .
 This is a great product at a very reasonable price . My coonhounds have been howling approval since the first application and first snow and ice of the season . Absolutelypets.com delivered before the delivery date quoted by Amazon .
 If you have a dog that hates going outside in the cold and ice and snow and he/she feets always freeze this is the most awsome product for their feet . My dog use to hate being outside in the cold with the ice and snow I just rub this stuff on the bottom of his feet and it makes the experience more enjoyable for him no more carrying him back inside and it also leaves no greasy mess that he track back in . Worth every penny
 We have had a pile of snow in upstate NY this winter allowing us to go cross country skiing with the pooch . This stuff allows her to stay out longer before snowball build up . It also seems the build up is less severe .
 Musher 's Secret - The Invisible Shield - 200 gmMy dog , a golden retriever , is outside quite often on concrete , snow , and grass . He jumps in the snow and makes `` snow doggies '' by rolling in it . But when the snow turns to slush and ice , his paws suffer , becoming dry , rough and cracked . I hesitated in putting anything on his pads because of the fact that he could lick it off and I did n't know what that would do to his internal organs . My husband put me onto Mushers and I 'm so glad he did !!! It looks similar to Vaseline , but it is n't because it soaks right in on both his pads and my hands . It is also not greasy , since I was worried about stains to my carpeting . We put Mushers on his pads about 2 or 3 times a week so far , and his pads are now smooth and supple and do n't crack any more . If there is ice , we usually increase application to once a day . And our dog gets a spa manicure !! He loves to just lie there and be pampered . He 's even gone to sleep at times during application of Mushers !! All in all , it 's a terrific product , a cinch ro use , and the benefits are fantastic to our dog !!
 Have you ever seen a dog out grazing in a field ? Me neither . Have you looked at your dogs teeth ? They look made for tearing and gnashing . Does your dog delicately chew their food before swallowing ? Mine do n't . This is the way a vet explained to me the EVO food line for dogs , which is made from meat , not grain . Then when he told us that it was made for a dogs digestive track , unlike a man 's ; and that it was made to process meats and that because it was the meat and not grain that made their digestive tracks healthy and that when they eat how their digestion was designed , they would naturally have smaller , less frequent eliminations , with less stomach and bowel related gas & diarrhea , well , I was willing to give it a try.I mix the duck with the chicken/turkey small bites for my indoor pups . They love it ! It 's improved the bowel issues my 12 + year old yorkie was experiencing . The fur and energy of my 3 year old Westie and my 2 year old Havanese does n't need any nutritional supplementation while pregnant.My only disappointment is n't with the product . I will never go back to any other product . My disappointment is with the online shipping costs . I do n't begrudge the sellers/shipping companies making a little money , but geez ! Shipping costs add almost a dollar a can to the price . That seems too high for me , so I 'll probably stick with buying it local .
 My black dog is totally invisible at night without this collar . I like that almost the whole length of the collar lights up and is not just a spot or two here and there .
 These collars are great to put on my chocolate labs when they are outside at night so that I can see them ! Batterys are like a large watch battery and can be purchased at Walmart . I love these collars they are perfect to keep up with my labs in the dark !! Fast shipping . .
 This works PERFECT . I ca n't believe how cheap this is . They could charge double for this dog collar . I use it for my 42 pound boxer , and it could not be more perfect . She is the darling of the neighborhood as she garners ALL the attention in her new collar . You can see this VERY well in the dark and from quite a distance away.My wife and I are avid campers , and I initially started rigging glow tubes and small LEDs for my dog 's collar so she could see -LRB- and we could see her -RRB- while she explored the campgrounds at night . This item lets us see her perfectly , and in combination with the PUP light -LRB- which lets her see -RRB- , she is in doggie paradise ... GREAT PRODUCT . BUY TWO !
 This item has been redesigned to be even more user friendly . Makes walking the dogs even safer . Wonderful item . HIghly recommended .
 No sidewalks were we live and I like to walk Murray -LRB- my Border Collie/Pointer mix -RRB- after work , but it gets dark here early . Keeping my buddy safe is paramount so I searched for the right lighted collar . After looking at a dozen or so I came across this collar , runs on only 1 CR2032 battery , is well made and strong , has a quick buckle and is very visible without being annoying . Fast delivery and a fair price.Murray and I are happy here .
 Steve 's freeze dried food has been a great help with my kitties . One needs to eat more frequently than the others , so I can put out a nugget or 2 of Steve 's in a timed feeder for her . It 's certainly better for her than dry grain-based foods , but is as convenient.It 's pricey , but a little goes a long way . And I 've found it will keep a long time if I close the bag tightly and keep it in the freezer .
 This is a great product for cats . Its what a cat needs rather than what is cheapest and will yield the highest profits , and it is extremely convenient . Though I believe it would be the ideal to rehydrate it many cats -LRB- like mine ! -RRB- strongly resist raw meat after years of being addicted to kibble . Steves real food is a raw food but dehydrated and for some reason cats really go for it in the dehydrated or freeze dried state , so it can be used to entice cats away from the awful kibble and hopefully get them started to recognize what they are really supposed to eat -LRB- meat -RRB- making the switch a little less stressful for you ! My cats show improvement in coat condition in a remarkably short time after eating steves raw foods -LRB- freeze dried -RRB- in addition to canned foods . Its also cleared up one of my cats very loose stools in a matter of days . I wont be without this now , its really outstanding .
 I have been buying these for several years now and I have got to say that I do n't know what I would have done if I had n't found this product . I have had one cat or another that sprays if upset and also if I had to add one of my children 's cats to the house , temporarily . I have new $ 2000 curtains that I have four of these cans guarding in a row like sentries and not one of the cats thinks of going near it . I also have two guarding a leather chair and several other important pieces of furniture . Yes , they are expensive , but once the cat knows they spray , it does n't take long for them to avoid going near any space the can is at.I had tried buying several types of air sprays from Radio Shack and found that they did n't fit or did n't work . So , I am back to paying for these . For me , they are worth the money.I might add that in the past 6 months that I sometimes have had problems with the refills fitting on the original cans . I have no idea why . Sometimes I can manipulate them around and they fit and others do n't . This just started happening . I contacted Innotek about this and the first time they sent a new refill and the second they wanted me to send the sprayer and the refill . I feel sure that if they check some of their batches they will find the problem I am talking about but they probably think I am not doing it right . I think after 50 plus refills , I know what I am doing . Also , I could not spare a spray can to send them.On the whole , though , if you have a piece of valuable furniture or whatever , you ca n't beat these for scaring the pesky kitties off .
 I suppose this is n't the proper venue to discuss the actual Ssscat system itself , since this review is directed to the refills . As far as the refills go , there is not much to say other than they refill the system , and are the same cans you receive with the system itself . I have ordered these more than once , and interestingly , the most recent order was marked as official refills but the packaging was changed . They appeared to work all the same , so just an informational tidbit for prospective buyers . I liked the fact I was able to get these on Amazon because I went to several different Petcos/Petsmarts and had trouble finding them .
 SSSCAT ! works well because it work when we 're not around . Out cats thought it was okay to get on counters because we were not looking or were not home . SSSCAT fixed that ... we used random placement on counters and dining table . Problem solved !! We use it now randomly to make sure bad habit do n't come back .
 I have an elderly cat who is having kidney failure and going to the bathroom frequently and can not make it to the litter box in time so I am using this to keep her from going on the furniture , this item seems to be working very well , just a bit costly as the cans run out of air a bit quicker than expected have bought more and will continue to use it . I still would refer this product to anyone . It even keeps the dog away . Thank you , Laurel
 This is a great product and is very effective . The only problem is that it does n't last long and is expensive considering how long it lasts .
 Used this to pick up my new 8 week old puppy and fly him home . Fits perfectly under the airplane seat and has mesh sides to see the puppy . Great product
 Ordered this product after dealing with adding new male cat to home with two older cats - one male/one female . New cat would attack the older cats . Both older cats - were hiding and eliminating inappropriately even while new cat was outside or locked up . The diffuser helps greatly with new cats aggression toward female and she now is out and about when he is -LRB- although not friendly -RRB- Older male cat still skittish and new male cat will still go for him but I think there 's hope and the elimination elsewhere in the house has stopped .
 My vet said this would be worth a try so I bought it . I ca n't say my problem is solved but this has helped . I plan to keep trying . I bought a refil and a can of spray . The first bottle in the diffuser is n't gone yet , it supposed to last a month . I hope for a better future .
 I have 8 cats and many times there are hierarchy issues - it took about a month for this product to work , but they are much calmer - now we are working on the peeing issues :-RRB- -RRB- -RRB- I also contacted the parent company by e-mail and received a quick note back regarding how to use the spray where they pee .
 I have 4 cats , but 2 do n't get along . I noticed a big change in the temperament of the more aggressive cat after using this product .
 The product seemed to help calm our anxious cat immediately . She is a 5 year old Bengal that we got from a rescue and was not at all comfortable being around our dogs . In 4 weeks she has overcome most of her fears and freely interacts with them . The diffuser probably played a role in easing the transition .
 This stopped the fighting with a new adopted cat in our home with 2 cats . Wish I had bought this a long tome ago !
 I rescue sphynx cats , and usually they are very easy going . But , this new boy I adopted is having a tough time integrating with the rest of the gang . I have n't been able to leave my kitties unattended or they would break out into a fight every time . That is until I plugged in my new Comfort Zone diffuser . WOW ! This thing is amazing . The package says it takes up to four weeks for maximum effect , but it started working immediately . I am on day 2 with the diffuser , and no fighting at all ! All four of my cats seem happier , less stressed out . The two boys that have been having the hardest time getting along are both sleeping next to me on the couch as I type this review ! Also , I gave up trying to save my couch from the cat 's scratching , but I wish I 'd known about this sooner , because the cats are n't scratching my furniture anymore either.I 'm going to go buy another diffuser to put on the other side of the house , just to make sure I 've got every square foot of the house covered . Thanks , Feliway ! I 'm a believer . I recommend it to anyone who 's got a cat with behavioral problems -LRB- scratching or urination -RRB- , if you 're introducing a new cat to the family , or if you 've got a cat that 's stressed out for any reason . This stuff is awesome !
 This product really worked . I had my cat fixed , moved into a new home , new furniture and all in the same day . Not to mention added a dog to the mix and he HATES dogs . I pluged the comfort zone in about 3 hrs before I brought him home and he 's been even happier and better behaved than he was before . We even had a baby shower a few weeks after with lots of strangers , which he does n't like , and although he did hide from ppl he did n't scratch or pee on anything like he had done in the past after just one person came over . I intend to never not have one of these things plugged in . It was a god send for my kitty . He 's just so happy and in love with everything . Its like the world is in catnip to him . He 's much better behaved and even plays with the dog .
 we have a 5 year old kitty who is usually on his best behavior . In the past year he has gotten in the habit of waking us up every morning at 4am and peeing outside the litter box.We started to lock him out of the room , but that was n't working so well.We got this gadget and in the past 2 weeks we have noticed a significant difference in our cat 's behavior . He is back to his old self . he does n't wake us up , is more calm , and so far -LRB- knock on wood -RRB- no peeing .
 Out of the blue one of my male cats started spraying . This product was recommended by our vet and though the cat still goes through the motions of backing up and flicking his tail , since we have started using this product there have been no more incidences of actual spraying .
 We moved from New York state to Washington state and were ready to do anything we could to be sure our indoor kitty Cleo made the move okay . We got the diffuser and Cleo is definitely a happy camper . It 's impossible to tell how much the diffuser contributed to her well-being , but it seems it was a big help . Cleo is a cat that does n't like change -LRB- like most cats -RRB- ; she has always hissed at anyone other than my husband and me .
 I already own two cats but a while back I took in a homeless stray , just until I could find her a new home.Unfortunately my other two cats reacted to this by fighting with each other all of the time . But within just a few short hours of using the Farnam pug-in all of the fighting stopped . It did n't make the cats love each other but at least they did start getting a long .
 We have five older inside cats who are not too social and are very set in their ways . We needed to add another grown abandoned cat into the mix . We used the diffuser in addition to the Feliway collars and had NO behavioral problems . That is amazing since some of our females could be temperamental with our existing cats . Now everyone is happy ! Well worth the money and a great price through Amazon .
 This is the only product that worked for us , our cat is calm and no longer sprays - even when the local tom cat comes around to spray the windows . We installed two since our cat has free roam of the house ... well , now he does . Before Feliway , we had to limit his space to one room since he was `` marking '' everything ! Great customer service is friendly , shipping is fast !
 Highly recommend!My younger male cat was stressing out my older female cat . She stopped using her litter box and starting going on an area rug.I purchased the Feliway diffuser and saw almost immediate results . Both cats calmed down , fought less and started sleeping & playing together . The female started using her box again and the male is much more relaxed and more interested in being picked up and held .
 we had 2 cats who were fighting several times a day and also marked the furniture.Our vet was using a Comfort Zone Feliway diffuser in their exam room and she said that it reallymade a difference in making their feline patients feel more at ease . So we decided to give this a try at home . It took about a day to take effect.Though the 2 kitties did n't stop fighting completely -LRB- I have to add that the cats are outdoors as well so they are not constantly exposed to Feliway -RRB- , it did reduce the fights to maybe one / week instead of several times a day . When they did fight , it was not as intense as before and the fights did n't last as long . The furniture marking has stopped -LRB- we are also using Sofascrams on the furniture and they keep the dogs off the couch as well
 The difference I 've noticed in my cats has been most pronounced in my timid one . We just moved across the country , and for weeks she either hid in a box all day or on my dining room chair . I used this in combination with the spray , and now she actually gets up and walks around during the day , or goes up in the cat tree . She does n't even wedge herself between the fridge and the cabinets anymore !
 seems to work . just got a new cat and while introducing to our existing cat we decided to try this to help the process . maybe it 's just a coincidence or it really works cuz they seem to be getting along pretty well !
 This really helped my female cat . She was not using her litter box and would be very vocal throughout the day . She is much quieter and uses her litter box now . I 'm very pleased with the product and would recommend it to my friends .
 After living many years with feuding cats in too-small-for-cat-territory-comfort spaces , I can say that this product is the closest thing to science being magic that I 've ever seen . The cat fights and irritations have drastically been reduced with the spray . I do n't think I 'm ever going to live without this product again . Well worth the money to see everyone happier and more content . Good stuff .
 I will update this review in a couple of weeks , but I did want to note that within a day we noticed an effect on two of our three cats . We got this mainly for Blue , our 8 year old Balinese , who has developed serious marking behavior . Blue is normally very aloof and grouchy . It 's too soon to tell about the marking , but he does seem to be more mellow and somewhat friendly . He wanted attention and petted , and that rarely happens . He usually growls when you &#34; bother &#34; him . We also noticed an effect on Tabu , our 1 year old rescued feral . Tabu is friendly , but hyper , so you ca n't hold and pet her without her thrashing around and wanting down . She seemed calmer and actually jumped up on my lap for petting and stayed there for a nap . It had no effect on Frisky , a six month old rescued feral . So apparently it works on some cats but not all . Just like catnip -- Tabu loves it and drools all over it , Blue seems to enjoy it but can take it or leave it , and it has no effect on Frisky .
 Used this product first , before the Feliway spray . The effect was almost immediate . Still using , and I supplement with the spray for stressful times such as visits from the grandchildren , contractors or anything out of the ordinary . Gave me my sanity back because of one of the cats destructive behavior . It is expensive but new carpeting costs a lot more !
 I bought this in an attempt to get my roommates ' cats to stop marking everywhere . It seems to work okay , if the area is small enough . The marking has n't stopped completely , but it does seem to happen a little less often.I was hoping that it 'd also stop some of the fights . It has helped , but there are still battles every night . Not a miracle product , but it does help a little !
 This is a terrific way of calming down a multi-cat household . We have 2 males and 1 female and for whatever reason , one of the males wants to attack the female . After using this product for just 1 day we saw a remarkable difference in the attack male . We ca n't live without this product and we know exactly when it 's time to replace the bottle . Note
 We have three rescue cats and the dynamics always seem to be changing . One of our cats was seeming to be very stressed and licking her fur right off . There were no fleas or other skin conditions , so as a last resort we decided to try this product . The very first day we noticed a difference in all three cats ' behavior . They were more friendly towards each other and more playful . I know , it seems hard to believe ! Even our grumpy , tailless , semi-outdoor cat was becoming more tolerant of everything . I was even able to groom him . So , the end result ? Her fur is growing back slowly , even though she still occasionally over-grooms . I believe it 's time to place another order .
 It took me a while to figure out how it worked -LRB- I 'm a visual person -RRB- but once I got it It 's the greatest little invention since the diaper pail !
 A few years ago I adopted an adult female cat who `` claimed '' me when I visited the shelter . I had another female cat whom I had aquired as a 5 week old feral kitten and who has never forgotten her wildness . She is nervous , edgy , skittish , and at times , nasty . The new cat basically began to torment the first cat and finally after a year of introduction attempts -LRB- which ended several times in the first cat being wedged into a bed frame peeing -RRB- I returned the other cat to the shelter which was difficult and made me feel like a failure . After a few years I decided to try again as the shelter was overfilled and cats were getting ill . We have a great relationship and history with the shelter , so this time we asked to `` foster '' a cat to see if it could work out . I also chose a male cat who appeared to be the laziest and least interested in me.I bought a diffuser without high hopes . I had tried sprays without success and heard mixed reviews on the diffusers . I had the diffuser in the room for a week before I tried an introduction . I also had both cats `` play '' in seperate rooms to the point of exhaustion before every introduction and gave a lot of treats each time they saw each other . I also had them play with toys while in the same room . It has been over a month and the cats appear to be tolerating each other . There is some `` charging '' but it appears in play and both cats take turns chasing one another , then resting in the open . They sniff one another calmly and now my crazy wild cat does n't even hiss , she just walks calmly away instead of constantly hiding . It is a miracle for us.While I realize the gender and personality of the new cat may help , as do the treats and playtime , I truly believe the diffuser works for the following reasons . First , within two weeks I noticed my first cat stopped destroying my couch . I had used the double sided tape and she would claw OVER it ! She no longer claws the couch . Previously , she clawed the couch for over a year ! I wish I had realized the diffuser might work BEFORE she wrecked it ! Second , my nervous cat now wanders all over the house and actually interacts with us . I still have to be careful that she does n't take a swipe at me , but honestly I feel like her personality has improved though she never be a cuddly kitty . Third , when the diffuser was about day 25 I noticed the irritability of both cats increasing . I put in a refill and two days later the cats are mellow and laying in their respective beds sleeping.I have read other reviews and I know it does n't fix everything for every cat . I do n't know if it would have fixed my first problem years ago , but now I wish I had tried . -LRB- I kept in touch with the shelter and the other cat found a wonderful home ... but I still have regrets -RRB- . The prices on amazon are the best . I wish I had purchased through them before the expense of a pet store . Also , Whisker City sells a more affordable diffuser that takes the Comfort Zone product , which is what I did . I do n't think it lasts 30 days ... more like 25 for me.I hope this information helps someone . Good Luck !
 I was a little dubious about getting this product after seeing some negative reviews . I purchased it because I have a cat who continually licked her stomach to where there was no hair and occasionally a break in the skin . I had adopted this cat and although it was now in a safe and comfortable environment , this habit had continued . I am happy to report that she now has new hair growing on her stomach and since installing Feliway she seems to have stopped this habit.I do n't often write reviews but felt it was important for people to know that this will work - perhaps not always for everyone - but certainly this was not necessarily the intended use and it was successful .
 I 'm not sure if things would have gone well without them , but I installed two of these when I brought a third cat -LRB- 1 year old -RRB- into my home to introduce to my two existing cats -LRB- both 5 years old -RRB- . There was a little tension , but nothing as bad as it might have been ; they were sleeping on the same bed by the end of the week -LRB- completely isolated for the first three days -RRB- . I kept Feliway canisters in all month in two areas of my condo . The only thing I do n't like is that when the little canisters get empty-ish , they tip a little and sort of fall out of the outlet , but it 's not a big issue . I 'm glad I bought them ! I guess I should buy more just in case they are the reason for the successful integration : -RRB-
 I adopted a rescue cat and from the last 11/2 months he has been hiding under the bed . Once I go to sleep he comes out to eat and drink . I tried everything to coax him out , went on the internet and used the ideas that were posted but nothing seemed to work . So I went to PetSmart with the intention of buying calming drops/food but when talking to the sales associate she recommended Comfort Zone with Feliway , said it was also recommended by vets . I bought it and it was n't long after I plugged it in that my cat Cosmo was ALOT more relaxed . He was even looking at me with half-closed eyes and stretching out full length , which he had never done before . I have now had it for 5 days and he does not cry anymore in the early morning hours , he will let you come closer to him , will actually close his eyes and relax . I bought more of the plug ins and put them throughout the house . Since I did that 3 days ago he is now playing with his toys upstairs , still while we sleep , but he never played with his toys before . He is running around , jumping off his cat tree and having a good time ... while we try to sleep . =-RRB- I am just happy that he is feeling so much better and it 's all to do with this product . I highly recommended it . He did not scratch anywhere other than his scratching posts or tree , nor did he pee anywhere but in his liter box to begin with . It worked just to make him more comfortable and not so stressed out . A happy Cosmo makes me happy . The goal for was for him to feel comfortable in his surroundings and it worked without a doubt . Thank you very much for this product !!!
 We have used these diffusers for quite a while as we are a multiple-cat household . No method is ever going to completely reduce the friction between such territorial animals , but one of our cats in particular seems to be calmer and less fractious since we 've been using Comfort Zone . My only complaint is that the refills are so expensive and that the diffusers have to be replaced every couple of years .
 After I moved cross-country with my cat , he seemed nervous and agitated in our new home . I was worried about him , so I bought this diffuser . It has seemed to work . Granted , part of that could be that he has just gotten used to his new home , but I feel like he got better after I started using it .
 Our cat , Twiggy , who is 7 years old became anxious , unhappy and generally unpleasant . The last straw was when she started pooping on the sofa ... we were desperate to find help . Within days of plugging int he Feliway Comfort Zone , she began to change . Now she let 's us pick her up , she is n't growling and seems happier than she has been since she was a kitten . And no more `` accidents '' on the sofa ! We are thankful we found your product , recommended it to my daughter and we 're all happy ! Thanks ...
 This item works great if you have a few cats but if you have a whole Herd of cats like we do -LCB- All Rescued or left to us by our kids when they moved out -RCB- the item olny works for some cats and not all . In upstairs hallway it had little effect where the younger cats like to hang out but in the downstairs where the older cats mainly stay it worked very well . .
 The vet recommended this product when we mentioned that one of my husband 's cats was very skittish and anxious all the time.We have never been able to pick this cat up and she 'll let you pet her , but she wary and bolts for no reason.Not anymore.We noticed some changes during the first two weeks -LRB- less fighting for couch access , more tolerance to each other walking by -RRB- , but now we are into the second month and the skittish cat allows me to lift her off the chair and walk to the kitchen with her.They are all more affectionate and playful . They can all eat next to each other in the morning without growling . Of course this is all anecdotal , but life seems calmer around here since we got the diffusers.We live in a row house and I have a diffuser on each floor and two in the living room/diningroom area.If you have any questions , let me know .
 Friends had recommended Feliway to me at least a year ago ... and oh ! how I wish I had bought it then!I have a geriatric cat -LRB- 14-1/2 -RRB- and a very youthful 2-1/2 year old . They have had problems assimilating ... as you can imagine . With Feliway in the apartment - they can now sleep inches away from each other on the same couch ! The almost-snuggling happened just this past weekend ! It has been a two year journey that could have been much shorter!For the people who have n't found Feliway effective , I hope that you can find out what is troubling your cats.I am very grateful for Feliway ! It helps the younger cat the most - it really calms him .
 I adopted a new cat . My old cat , Bellea , was n't taking to her well after I went through the `` proper steps '' of introducing them -LRB- slowly , etc -RRB- . Bellea started loosing her fur and just in general was moody -LRB- ie
 I have 4 cats . Three and are very social and one older cat that I have had for 8 years was n't liking the fact that I brought 3 additional cats into my home . She was becoming very unsocial , she seemed to be stressed out and we were have problems with her urinating in places other than her litter box . I took her to the vet to be sure she did n't have any medical issues . The vet recommended Feliway . The change is unbelieveable . She has become more social , she seems to be more relaxed . and the urinated has stopped .
 I am ordering more . I think it really works . Otherwise , it is completely coincidental that my cat stopped peeing on my stairs the same day I plugged the diffuser in ! The only drawback is how hot the diffuser gets . I worry about fire hazards . But all appears to be OK .
 I have a new kitten who is very playful and a 15 y/o Male who was not all that excited to see her join the family . I worked slowly introducing them but the older kitty was not happy . He had just lost his 14 year old buddy and I 'm sure he was a bit lost ... adding a new kitten was hard on him . This item was recommended so I bought it . It 's been plugged in for a few months now and yes they are doing much better . Did this product do the trick or did they work it out on their own ? I can not be sure but I was willing to try anything . Add to that the surgery of spaying the kitten and her being down for a few weeks and the Diffuser still plugged in and things are going better . I do n't think it 's a overnight success product . Working much like a plug in air freshner ... I found no visible odor from the product . Worth a Try ...
 My cat was indoor/outdoor for 10 years . An unexplained midnight injury resulting in the loss of her eye has changed everything , and now I lock her in every night . She is angry , every night , and had actually started attacking me . I hold the cat right by the Feliway diffuser and pet her , and she is now her normal loving self , rubbing against me and purring . This stuff works for calming -- I do n't know about the marking as that was n't my issue .
 We moved 8 cats to Kentucky and moved them into our new home where they have the whole finished basement to themselves . At our old home in NYS , where they had access to the whole house and the outdoors , they did not all get along , but here in KY , I was told by my Vet that I should leave my cats inside for at least 2 months , or they might try to go back home to NY , so we had the diffuser going with the Feliway and it produced amazing results . I figured the cats would be climbing the walls wanting to be out side , but they act as if they could care less and they all get along extremely well now , where that was not happening in our home in NY . It is the Comfort Zone w / Feliway that produced these results - very calm , happy satisfied cats . I bought several refills .
 So my cat has seperation issues and overly cleans her self leading to bald patches on her belly and tail . I tried every thing from topical sprays to dips to spending every moment I could with her , but nothing worked ! I pluged in the comfort zone and honestly withon a week her haie started growing back and even better she seems in a great mood all the time ! She plays much more with our other cat , also she started purring ! She haddnt purred since she was a kitten ! I highly reccomend this to anyone with a stressed out cat !
 I had a terrible time with my 6 month old kitten clawing at all our fabric kitchen chairs . She did in constantly , even while I was standing right there . Spraying her with water only made it worse . I a bit a desperation I thought I would try Feliway . I received it and plugged it in about 3 pm . By the next morning she was no longer scratching the furniture . And she has done very little of it since -LRB- maybe once or twice in the course of a week -RRB- . The funny thing was one time she was sitting on the chair and she looked like she was about to start clawing it . Then she moved her head and looked directly at the plugged in diffuser for a moment , and then jumped down off the chair . I know it 's my imagination but it was very funny . I also have trouble with her biting -LRB- she was taken from her little too soon -RRB- and since the diffuser that has gotten slightly better . I 'm hoping with a few more weeks that will also improve.I highly recommend this - it worked great for my cat and her problem of clawing the furniture .
 I have a 12 year temperamental , strange , anxious , loving , jerk of a cat . He 's famous -LRB- among friends -RRB- the world over for his bizarre behavior and mood swings that seem more sociopathic than feline . Well , we just moved half way across the country after he had n't seen me for 2 years -LRB- I had been abroad -RRB- into an apartment so close to the train tracks that the house shakes when a train passes . Shortly after the move he started ripping at his fur and vomiting most of his food . Through catnip , crinkly balls and a lazer pen , I got him to calm down and he was acting as normal as he ever seemed to . But then we had to leave him alone for TWO WEEKS . We had a cat sitter , but he sometimes makes cat sitters bleed . I did n't know her very well , so I was a little concerned with how she would feel about a 15 pound , very long tomcat trapping her in the corner -LRB- he 's done it to cat sitters before -RRB- . So I bought Feliway before we left . We had it for about 2 days before we left , and he started acting so mellow and strange that I was horribly worried that something was wrong with him . But we had to leave . While we were away , the sitter assured me that he was fine , he was playing and even said he was cute -LRB- ?! -RRB- . I figured she either had an unusual sense of humor or her definition of &#34; cute &#34; is way different than most people 's . I mean , I think he 's adorable . But no one else seems to . So this was strange.We got back after two weeks . He was not crying at the door when we got in . He did not trash the house , pee anywhere he should n't , barf everywhere -LRB- ONE hairball in two weeks = no nervous grooming ! -RRB- . He did n't ignore me or act all weird as cats are known to do when their people leave them behind . He 's cuddly , alert , energetic and playful . He 's not even climbing the walls to knock down paintings -LRB- because he does that -RRB- , he 'd much rather play with the crinkly balls . He 's just ... well ... cute.I read a lot of the reviews before I bought this item , and I felt like it was a risk . It seems to work magic on some cats , and have no effect on others . But it worked magic on my guy , and I strongly believe that if it had n't , I would n't be disappointed in the product . It 's worth the gamble , because really , it made a huge difference . And just the possibility of it making a difference is worth it . Can you imagine not spending the twenty whatever dollars and then finding out years later that your cat 's life -LRB- and yours in turn -RRB- would be a million times better ? -LRB- As I was writing this , my cat knocked over a soda can and proceeded to try to eat the electric bill ... so he 's still a jerk ... but a much calmer jerk . Which is nice -RRB-
 We had a set of sibling cats for 7 years . One of them died of an unexpected health complication earlier this year and the remaining cat has had trouble adjusting to single kitty life . We are n't currently interested in getting a second cat , so I decided to try this plug in to help with his stress behavior -LRB- mostly crying -RRB- . This plug in made a huge difference . He became less stressed , seems happier and the early morning crying which had been driving us nuts diminished and then disappeared .
 Like other people , my two sibling cats , after a year of peace and harmony , one day decided they absolutely hated each other . After a few annoying days of my house becoming a Cat Thunderdome a friend suggested this product . Within one day the cats returned to their cute , cuddly and friendly cat lives . Been a week and all is well !
 We have been using this product for 6 months and first purchased at a nearby chain pet store . The price was nearly cut in half when ordering off of Amazon.We have six cats , 4 females and two males , mostly related . The girls started spraying in the house which I have never experienced before . We purchased Comfort Zone and did notice less spraying . What we forgot was to refill when it was empty . Bought some refills on Amazon as well for very low price.We think it works great !
 I recently adopted a cat , while this cat appeared to quickly adjust to a new environment I found that after the first time I left the house she was spooked by something and would no longer leave the safety of underneath the bed ... after receiving the product -LRB- within 26 hours with the free day shipping included with prime membership -RRB- I plugged it in and waited ... about 4 hrs later she emerged briefly to eat , started grooming herself , and used the litter box ... such a relief ! Not necessarily a miracle but she now willingly leaves the safety of under the bed to eat . I have now taken to only leaving out food while I am around to encourage her to be in my presence so obviously some behavioral intervention needs to take place as well in cases like this but I ca n't imagine she would have come out on her own so quickly
 I am a 42 year old female who has 3 older cats ranging from ages 10 - 16 . About 5 years ago , when I adopted my dog , my cats were not happy , to say the least . One of them started to urinate every night on the window curtain , coffee table or other flat surfaces to express her anger at me for allowing the dog into the house . I purchased the Feliway product and put one of these in every room , hoping that it would calm her down.It did n't help with her urination , or her anxiety at all . But , it definitely made my other cats calmer overall - less frustration in the house , in general . I have given this to my neighbor , who adopted a new stray cat . He seemed to be very upset being indoors permanently , and was spraying around the house . After plugging in this product , in only two rooms -LRB- the two rooms that he was spraying in -RRB- , he stopped spraying and generally became more content.This product contains a small plastic bottle which you insert into the plastic plug in device -LRB- both come with this product -RRB- . It works just like any of the liquid air diffusers - you plug it in and the liquid is heated and becomes vapor which moves through the air . After about a month , the liquid has been used up and you simply replace it.In summary , if you have a distressed cat for whatever reason , I suggest that you try this . It is pretty expensive if you buy this in a store -LRB- for example , I purchased the device originally from Petsmart -RRB- but it 's a great price if you buy it here . I have n't use this in a while -LRB- as my cat has since passed away due to health issues , which were probably the cause of her discomfort which explains why this did n't work for her ... -RRB- . But , I think that I will plug these in again and see if they can make my kitty household a bit happier .
 This product worked amazingly well on one of three cats . He used to be extremely skittish , would run when you came near him , and would not allow you to pet him . After two days of this product he was starting to come up to us , meow , and now loves being petted . The product seemed to have zero effect on the other two cats . However , it is absolutely worth it for the change to the one cat . If you are having any problems with your cat this is definitely worth trying .
 I had to move in with family to complete graduate school I have a 2 year old male cat and my parents have a 8 year old male cat . The cats did not get along . We did everything right ... introduced them slowly , did the `` scent exchange '' with their bedding , provided extra food and litter stations around the house , and tried not to interfere with them . They kept jumping eachother . Fur would fly , there was screeching , howling , and scratches . It gets worse , my parents cat who IS neutered began spraying around the house ! We knew it was spray verses urine because we caught him doing it . I read about Feliway online and my vet recommended trying it . We notice a difference in the cats . The fighting and spraying have stopped -LRB- knock on wood . -RRB- I think time helped and the Feliway calmed them down to a level were they could begin trying to tolerate one another . I think the Feliway products are kind of expensive , and we use more than the recommeded number of diffusers . I gave it 4 stars verses 5 for the price .
 Works well for my 15 year old female house cat who had become depressed and started peeing and pooping outside the litter box . She is much happier , better appetite , uses the litter box consistently , and is more playful . I also changed other things at the same time
 I do n't know where to begin , other than life saver ! I adopted 2 Siamese kittens that the mother had pushed away , so they were raised by a human foster mom . They are the sweetest cats . My coon cat Missy did n't ' really like them but they were ok until they started to get a bit bigger , then she did not like them at all . Winter was coming and Missy did n't want to come in the house except to eat , so the foster mom told me about feliway , and the diffuser . It did n't take any time at all , 24 hours or less and I started to see a difference . In a few days 's Missy was back in the house and ok with the kittens . I used it all winter and all was peaceful and quiet . Thinking that I would n't need it in the summer , as Missy would rather be out than in , WRONG ... the Siamese do n't go out , they are house cats , living in town , there are other cats in the area , my male started to pee on my kitchen counter , which has a window that faces the front of the house , where he can see everything going on . Got him medically checked , ended up plugging in the diffuser in an outlet in the kitchen , and he stopped . This literally saved his life , as much as I love him I could n't handle him messing all over the kitchen counters , and was at the end of my rope with him . So I have this plugged in year round , and life is good .
 I adopted a 5yo male cat who was having a hard time adjusting to a new home . He would constantly pace back and forth yowling most of the day and pretty much all night . He was n't sleeping . I was n't sleeping . No one was happy . I purchased the Comfort Zone Diffuser and I saw almost instant results . After a few hours I saw a change in my cats behavior . The yowling at night stopped and my cat was more at ease in his new home . We were able to bond as I was now well rested and he was finally at peace . This product was a great help in easing my cat into his new surroundings . I do n't need it anymore as it has been over a month and he is now comfortable with me , my home , and my schedule . This product helped me keep my sanity during those first few weeks and I recommend it for anyone who has a cat that has behavioral problems or lots of nervous energy .
 We have a 3 y.o. cat who has always been high strung , intolerant of a lot of petting , and would bite or threaten to bite to get her message across . In the opinion of one household member , she was overstaying her welcome . The rest of us sought a solution . Our vet suggested trying Feliway . We did n't have a spraying problem or a temporary stressful situation that it seems to be advertised for , but we decided it was worth a try . Within two wks , she was a noticeably different cat with a remarkable change in temperament . She approaches us to snuggle more often , and stays much longer . She just seems more calm in general . We 've been using Feliway for about 2 months now , and will continue to do so . I do wish it cost less , but it is definitely worth not going through the heartache of getting rid of the cat . Thank you Feliway ! -LRB- NOTE
 My cat of almost 10 years was fighting with a one year old -LRB- or younger -RRB- feral cat that I had just brought in during the cold weather in April . I purchased a feliway nebulizer , and they suddenly did n't fight as often and gradually started to make up . My elder cat was also less edgy and more able to relate with me without the ` evil eye ' that she sometimes gives me when she feels offended by even the slightest of offenses.The bad part was that I suppose I have a mild cat alergy , and the feliway product made it a lot worse . In fact it made me very irritable , and the irritation just had to stop , so I unplugged it.I know it was the feliway that caused it , because when I unplugged the nebulizer , my symptoms gradually started to subside and be more manageable . I stopped having irritation and went back to normal.When I stopped the nebulizer my cats * were * more edgy , but the helpful nature of the feliway had * already * trained them that they can live with each other and be more friendly , with only a few minor disagreements about territory . I hope this trend continues.If I need them to calm down for a short period , I would plug it in until my symptoms get overboard . I realize that there are some ethical discussions behind behavior modification , but for an ill tempered animal , I suppose nothing could be better than feliway , because temper causes stress and stress reduces their life span.I would give it 5 stars if it were n't for this allergy issue . -LRB- At least I know for certain that I have a cat allergy , now , and can plan for more time without my cats . -RRB- But still , in the future , I would buy the spray for spot treatment , if necessary , to avoid having it being in the air 100 % of the time.Thank you , Feliway -- well , mostly .
 At our vet 's recommendation , my wife got this cat-pheromone emitter to help our scared and shy new cat feel happy and content in her new home . It is kind of like the air fresheners which plug in , except humans ca n't smell it . Based on the cat 's favorite spot now being right beneath it , where she sleeps contentedly , I would guess that it works quite well.Of course , we picked a nice spot for it , in a corner with a soft thing to sleep on , but her wanting to be there all the time suggests there is more going on than that . I guess maybe there is more to this pheromone thing than I thought , and I should stop snickering at those ads in the back of Popular Science magazine for pheromones to attract women ! ; - -RRB-
 This product is incredible . I have two cats that never got along , but after using Comfort Zone with Feliway , they play together like kittens ! No more hissing and growling at each other . Also , I have one that got sick anytime he went to the vet , but after using this product , the vet trips go much smoother and he recovers almost instantly . Road trips are much easier . They are also much more friendly , even with strangers . I would recommend this product for anyone with nervous or high-strung cats .
 I have six cats and all are neutered . . out of the blue somebody began marking different spots in the house . . we tried cameras , sneaking up on them and did n't know which one it was . . I spoke to the vet and he recommended Feliway . . from day ONE it worked . . and with fingers crossed is still working 6 months later . . THANK YOU FELIWAY !!
 I recently rescued a 2y . o. cat who was pretty rough on the edges . He bit & swatted me couple of times and I have scars to prove . I know it was not anything viscious , he is just being a douche boy cat and who knows if he has been abused . I was closed to giving him away or taking him back to the shelter when my JRT mix started acting terrified around him . I know the poor dog got swatted twice . This dog loves cats . I guess she got hurt while I was n't around . After 2 days of getting this diffuser I have seen the cat calm down , stopped hanging out and sleeping on my nice chair , he started sleeping in my room & never seen him swatted me or my dog as his game . In a nutshell , Feliway de-douchefy the macho cat ! A miracle , indeed . Highly recommended !
 Even with all the good reviews of this product I must admit I was a skeptic . I bought a brand new guest bed not too long ago and my cat had decided that it was his new favorite place to relieve himself . We tried everything we could to discourage him but it never worked . As soon as I would scrub the mattress down and put the bedding back on he would pee on it again . I bought the diffuser and its been over a month without a single incident . Its nice to not have to worry when we have guest over if he is going to soil their bed while we are out . I definitely recommend this product .
 What a truly amazing product this is ! I want to give them the Nobel Prize or something . Here 's how Feliway changed my life -LRB- and my kitties too ! -RRB- . Jake and Elwood were from the same litter , and played well together for a few years . My devious neighbor decides that it 's okay to feed Jake ... and then all of a sudden , Jake stops coming home -LRB- gee , wonder why -RRB- I actually thought he might have been dead , since I had n't seen him for months . -LRB- Both cats are outdoor , btw -RRB- . When I finally did see him , I snatched him , and confined him to indoors for a while . That 's when all hell broke loose . Jake and Elwood started hissing and fighting with each other , and I could n't have them in the same room as each other . Elwood freaked out over this `` new '' kitty , and started spraying every corner of the house ... and he 's neutered ! So both cats were completely unhappy . Enter Feliway.Within 2 hours of plugging this bad boy in ... Jake and Elwood were mellow with each other , and stopped hissing . After a full day , they were sleeping with each other and spooning . Even cleaning each other 's heads ! I ca n't even completely explain how magical this truly is . I love this product . I also bought the spray to wipe down the carrier before they go to the vet . It 's also just as miraculous !
 My vet put me onto feliway to address feline stress issues in my household . It seems to be helping , but I know this is n't the case for all cats - I 'm lucky mine are responding to the treatment.Having said that , this is a great-value way to try feline pheromone therapy - for the price I can put out several diffusers at once and get good coverage.Worth trying if you have stressed or snappy cats in your household .
 We moved recently and my cats were a little out of sorts . We were having litter box issues and panicy behaviors displayed . I plugged in the Feliway Diffuser and was impressed at how quickly I noticed a change in behaviors . We have n't had any more litter box issues and the cats seem happier and calmer overall .
 When used in combination with the aeresol spray it creates a calmer trio of feral cats in our household . It took a few weeks to see the difference but we plan on using this a few months before we stop , just to try living without .
 I was really surprised how much this product worked ; I 've ordered it multiple times and will continue to do so .
 the queen cat sprayed , urinated & pooped inapproprately & continually in our cycles of redecoration , renovations , lots of people in her space AND other cats & various furry things outside her storm door -- she IS the queen , but stays inside so she marked everything imaginable ... until now -- thank you comfort zone w/feliway ! upon installing it , she immediately rubbed her face all over it -LRB- !! -RRB- & laid close to it for the first day or so -- since then , she 's the ` new ' queen in town , using ONLY her litter box & not our bed , clothes , carpet , furniture , etc. ... so we ALL appreciate this great product !
 I had a new 8 week old addition to the family , and his nickname was &#34; HFT &#34; -LRB- Holy Freakin ' Terror -RRB- for good reason . He terrorized my 10 year old cat -LRB- as well as any foolish human to wander within his attack range -RRB- and this eventually progressed into real fighting as my 10 year old lost her patience . My house felt like a war zone with those two constantly going at it . They could not even be in the same room without hissing at each other and more fights erupting , and competition over &#34; mommy time &#34; , food dishes , prime nap real estate spots , EVERYTHING was a cause for a full on throw down . There was so much fighting ruckus going on that it was impossible to sleep , have any kind of breakable decorations around , or have any peace in the home at all . Also , they were starting to actually scar each other . I wrote it off as an adjustment period that happens any time a new pet is introduced to the home , but his went on for months and was only escalating . It was a frazzling experience.I saw this product online , and thought maybe , just maybe , if we had these happy kitty pheromones wafting around my apartment , that they 'd be tricked into thinking the other was friendly , and become friends , and most importantly CHILL OUT . I felt like a total CCL DB for buying aroma therapy for my cats , but I was willing to try anything.After plugging this in I did see a small gradual change . It took about a week to come into what I think was full affect . I was n't coming home to them curled up together being BFFs , but I was coming home to less things knocked over , and no more scratches on kitty faces . It was a subtle change that a visitor may not notice , they still squabbled , but there was a lack of the hostility that was there before . They were able to be in the same room together without it sounding like a war zone . A relative amount of peace was restored to the home.When the first refill ran out , I noticed because of the change of the ` mood ' in the house . I used this product for about 4 refills and actually never noticed when the last one had run out ... I assume the habits/relationships had taken deep enough root to not need it . I 'm glad this product was around to restore some semblance of peace in my home , and to help stabilize dynamics between the two cats . They 're still not BFFs to this day , but they are at least tolerant of each other , and sometimes -LRB- although rarely -RRB- affectionate to each other .
 Our cat went from not using the litter box at all to using it and peeing just outside of the box . I will buy the product again , but unfortunately I think I may have to put the cat on Prozac .
 When we brought home a pair of kittens , our 11 year old cat was n't happy about it . There was a whole lot of hissing and growling going on . We were very anxious to integrate the kittens into our home , but it was looking rather hopeless . Then a friend recommended the Comfort Zone diffuser . What a difference ! It did n't fix things 100 % , but the older cat became much more tolerant of the kittens . We actually saw him go sit next to where the diffuser was plugged in on a number of occasions -LRB- not somewhere he would normally hang out -RRB- . This thing ca n't work miracles , but it definitely helps keep the peace in our house .
 This is a great product for getting cats to stop inappropriately urinating . It worked for us within 48 hrs . I highly recommend it
 I ca n't stress enough how amazing this product is !!!!!!!!!!!!!!! We were having a problem with our cat peeing on everything and anything we left on the floor . We took her to the vet and medically there was nothing wrong with her so the vet recommended we try this . I was skeptical and thought she would never stop . It took about a week before we noticed a difference but when we did it was AMAZING . We have been using it for almost a year now and she has never peed on anything again . We have a completely different cat now . We also have 2 other cats , 1 who was very skittish before Feliway , and now she is n't . I would recommend this product to anyone having problems with their cats . We will never go without it again !!!!
 We ordered this product when our 11/2 year old cat would not stop peeing outside of his litter box . He would pee right next to it sometimes , and other times , in a totally random place . He also would poop outside his box . This all started when we found that he had pooped in the tub one day . We thought it was sort of amusing and strange , but slowly , over about 6 months , it became a habit we could not break him of . When we were able to block off the shower , he started pooping in the sinks . We lived with this , but figured we could break him of it totally one day . Then , we found pee outside the litter box one day . And from there , things got out of control . He completely stopped using his box all together . Took him to the vet twice , both times with a clean check up and a diagnosis of ` stress induced behavioral issues ' . So we tried many things to no avail . Then we found this product.At first , we thought it was n't working . We expected immediate results , like most reviews said would happen . I week went by with no changes , and we just gave up on it working , but also forgot about them and left them plugged in . Then one day , all of the sudden , we realized we had n't cleaned up pee for a few days . We also noticed , our misbehaving cat , had stopped mounting and dominating our other cat , which he took a liking to do every so often . The two seemed to be getting along just peachy all of the sudden.So , final thoughts - it half worked for us , but took two or three weeks . It half worked because while he is no longer peeing outside the box , he is still pooping in sinks and bathtubs regularly . We can deal with that , although we would like that to change as well.As and interesting side note - we are pretty sure our cat is now addicted to this stuff . No joke . We had the original ones we had purchased plugged in , and had forgotten to check them to see if they were close to running out . One day we noticed our cats poop was completely runny . His stools were a mess . He also seemed lethargic and anti-social . We checked the Farnam and it was empty . We ordered new ones and plugged them in , within two days his stool went from constantly runny and messy , to 100 % normal . And he became social again.Just yesterday , we noticed his stool was again , a runny mess - checked the Farnam , and yup , it is just starting to run out.So , that was interesting that he is so effected by it now that it changes his stool when he does n't have his Farnam fix .
 When I brought a 5 year old shelter kitty into our home in late October 2009 , our 17 year old was NOT pleased . He hissed and growled and hid out in a powder room near the kitchen . After no improvement in a few weeks , I first bought the Feliway spray - which really helped and then bought 2 diffusers - It 's been a HUGE help . When the cats are all in the kitchen , waiting for food , the growling and hissing is GONE - thing of the past . Also , my 17 year old seems more calm and is more sociable , now comes out to be with the rest of us rather than hiding out . While it did n't make him become best friends with our newcomer , the situation has greatly improved . I noticed by vet 's office also has these diffusers plugged into each exam room . The delivery from Amazon was FAST and the price is great - much better than a pet store or vet office .
 When my girlfriend was about to move in , both of us had concerns about how to get my cat and hers to accept eachother . I had no idea such a product existed , but my girlfriend being a veternarian technician knew about this product . We purchased two of them to cover the entire home and the results were very good ! Yes , there were some cautious days where the two cats avoided eachother , but no fighting . Only a few days later they are best buddies ! Cats have their own personalities , and there 's no guarantee two cats will get along , but from using this product I believe I have limited the difficult adjustment period to days rather than months !
 We adopted two cats that had been dumped at the local shelter . One very friendly and one very `` sensitive '' . Turk would spray , no no for a indoor cat and would bite to get his way , also would Attack his little sister Caico . This product has settled him down , he does not spray any more , and when the Comfort Zone has run out , yes it has a couple times , we know because he starts beating up his sister . We keep this on hand now all the time and it is on the calender to get a new one in so it does not run out . I highly recommend this product .
 My male cat insisted on spraying all over my past apartment even though he was fixed . I bought this while moving into my new home to prevent that horrible odor starting all over again . It has worked amazing !!!!!!!! He has NOT urinated one single time to mark anything . It saves the time & hours of cleaning up messes that can be prevented completely by using this . I also bought the spray to use along with it at first . I have both a female Maine Coon & a male Ragdoll whom both seem so relaxed since I have used this plug in . They are constantly purring . Also my female Maine Coon tends to boss around my male Ragdoll & since I have used this her mood swings towards him have decreased unbelievably . I recommend this product so much !!!! It absolutely works . I am always a skeptic & had read many reviews before purchasing the product , mostly all amazing ratings that I now highly agree with ! BUY IT !!! SAVE YOUR HOUSE FROM A HORRID SMELL of cat urine !!! The price is absolutely worth it !
 Farnam Comfort Zone Feliway Electric Diffuser with 48-Milliliters Imitation Cat PheromoneI purchased two of these upon recommendation from my friend who is also a CVT , because my yearold nurdered tom cat was spraying in rooms in my house . I have only had these for about one month , so far so good ! . I will continue using this product .
 I have 3 indoor cats & 2 dogs . I began using Feliway after one of my cats passed & I was given another homeless cat -LRB- I have 2 male & 1 female -RRB- . This helped with the adjustment and after a year I they all seemed to get along so I stopped using it . Then I was given a puppy which upset the balance of the home . My older cat started being mean to the other 2 & with the stress , the other 2 came down with UTI 's . I plugged the Feliway back in & have used it ever since -LRB- 2 yrs -RRB- . I notice by the behavior of the cats when the bottles are nearing empty . My older cat gets along with the dog now -LRB- although other cats do n't -RRB- but he will still pick on the other 2 cats -LRB- he has n't been right since my other male passed -RRB- , so I do n't dare go without it .
 We recently adopted a shelter dog and our two cats were not happy about it . Our older cat in particular , who was known for being very affectionate and social , hid in the basement all day for about a month . One of our friends recommended this product and I was skeptical but it is amazing ! It took about a week for her since she is a senior cat but she 's back to her old self again !!! I am so happy I bought this product .
 I was n't sure about this one but after adding a third cat to our family I was not having much luck with introduction process . There was alot of hissing and aggression . Within a week of using the plug in diffusers the cats seemed to be much less territorial and now after a month I have just ordered refills because I have been so happy with the results . They say you can use one diffuser for each floor of your home but I have found it seems to work best having one diffuser in each room . There is no odor detectable to humans so I do n't even notice they are there .
 This stuff is magic . It helped the cats to feel comfortable after a long move . I highly recommend it for use during any transition period or any nervous kitty.I also recommend the spray . I put a little on their carriers before 3 long flights . My kitties were happy and relaxed all the way to Italy under the seats in front of us . Also helps when going to the vet .
 This product has helped my cat . We have moved twice this year to another state with a different climate and acquired a new dog . The cat was marking my bed , sometimes with me in it . It has stopped totally and the cat is out more . He seems much happier he is back to being `` himself '' I would highly recommend this product .
 My 10 year old female cat -LRB- she is a purebred persian/himalayan -RRB- has an occasional bad habit of getting angry/stressed/psycho and will pee in the corner of my hallway upstairs . She also pooped in the hallway as well . She was checked out by my vet for physical problems -LRB- there are none -RRB- and she has a clean litterbox . I know it is behavioral because she has done it while she looks right at me . I read about Feliway online and checked it out at the pet store . I found it to be kind of pricey to try something that may not work . I ordered the plug in from Amazon at half the pet store price and plugged it in the hallway last week . Needless to say , no pooping in the hallway -LRB- she had done it 4 times in the three weeks before I bought the Feliway -RRB- , no peeing , and my cat seems calmer , sweeter , happier and more relaxed . Last night I actually saw her drop to the floor below where the unit is plugged in and start rolling around on her back and she let me pet her belly-I could not believe it ! I will be ordering the refills and the spray as well because I really feel that the product has made a positive change in my cat 's behavior . I have not had any problems with the unit -LRB- no leaking and no strange smells -RRB- . I wish I had known about Feliway years ago !
 At first , we did n't think too much of the Feliway dispensers , especially considering what they cost . We bought them to increase harmony and cut down on the occasional `` spraying '' . We did n't find out how well they were working until they ran out . My wife and I noticed that the cats seemed to be quarreling more often , and no one was getting along real great . when I checked , the Feliway dispensers had run out . When we replaced them , it was n't long before everyone settled down again ! these are worth the money for a multi-cat household to keep down the occasional squabbling you are bound to have . And the have pretty much eliminated any `` spraying '' which you will have if you have a multi-cat household . Invest in this product !
 great product , i have 10 cats and having this in each room of the house , no more fights !!! everyone uses the litter boxes ... my home is totally calm ... its amazing . Try it and see for yourself . My husband would have sent my cats to the pound if not for feliway , they were fighing and using our towels for a litter box , it all stopped when we plugged in feliway .
 I purchased this after my two spayed females cats began having problems with each other . It has definitely made a difference . The aggressor has calmed down significantly and actually will sleep beneath the diffuser : - -RRB- I will be purchasing the refills !
 within 10 minutes of plugging this in , it turned my Maine Coon attack cat into a pansy . I can now pet is stomach without losing an arm . He is much more affectionate and passive . Works for me !
 We have had a serious problem with our cats ' marking behavior for several years . They would pretty much pee on anything vertical -LRB- walls , furniture , appliances , etc -RRB- . We had tried several remedies without much success . Last fall , we remodeled our family room and we were determined to keep the new room `` pristine '' . We heard about Feliway and decided to give the diffuser a try.Feliway actually worked ! We put 1 diffuser in the living room -LRB- same old carpet and furniture as before -RRB- and 1 in the remodeled family room -LRB- all new materials -RRB- . Marking stopped in both rooms , as well as in areas that are immediately adjacent . In the past 6 months or so that we 've used Feliway , we 've had 1 episode of a cat peeing on some papers , so the problem is n't 100 % cured , but the improvement over daily marking is huge . -LRB- We did get a recurrence of some vertical spraying in 1 room when we were late in refilling the diffuser . Refilling it stopped the behavior again -RRB- . Feliway is n't cheap , but it still costs less than cleaning or replacing damaged furniture , paint and carpets . It 's no work -- just plug it in -- and the house smells good again . Hallelujah .
 My cat has eye problems that is causing her to see shadows which makes her very nervous and frightened . It got to the point where she would back into a corner of the room and just stay there all day except to come out and eat or do her business . I felt so sorry for her ... then I remembered hearing about this product from a friend of mine and tried it . Boy , did it calm her down . Now she is out roaming around the house like she used to , I thought I was going to have to put her down.This product SAVED HER LIFE .
 Feliway works ! You just need to use it for 3-4 weeks before you notice a difference in behaviour . A new addition to the house -LRB- boyfriend 's cat -RRB- made one of my cats very unhappy - inappropriate peeing ! I was about to go out of my mind trying everything under sun when I found Feliway - After 4 weeks , noticed he stopped peeing and was alot more calm . Also using GNC calming treats which really helped my little guy . And the feliway spay helped a bit . We were in process of buying a new house too - and plugged these babies in new house for 2 weeks too prior to moving cats to new place 2 months later and so far so good . . been in new house for 3 months and no inappropriate peeing ! Using a few in house and in basement where litter boxes are . New territory and feliway seems to help situation of getting along . I might just keep it going for a while - each container will go for almost 2 months ... just remember to refill them . . I have them all over the house ... PS
 This product is a godsend ! I have 2 indoor cats . One has always been very timid and fearful . Well a cat has been coming in our yard , spraying the house and my timid cat went psycho on me . She became very aggressive toward my other cat and this made my life a living hell . I was worried that I was going to have to give one of the cats away . Then I tried this plug in . With the timid cat the effect was almost immediate . She got up on my lap and started purring , she began to play with her toys rather than terrorizing the other cat . It took the other -LRB- abused -RRB- cat about a day to stop hissing and hiding from her tormentor , but now things are pretty close to normal again . Highly recommend !!
 A common issue for cat lovers is an anxious or spraying cat , especially when introducing another cat or dog or baby , change happens in the form of a move , an upheaval in the family routine , or a new person in the house . One thing to really understand is it usually wo n't go away until you take steps to help the situation . You will have to make an effort to be a part of the solution for your animal friend.Something that REALLY worked for us was Feliway plug ins -LRB- with a treat that contains thealinine called `` Calming '' . You have to give it to the cat twice a day , every day and it takes a week or more to kick in because it 's an amino acid . It 's good for them and all natural . -RRB- When our refills run out , I notice a difference within days . Our `` problem cat '' becomes anxious and begins to bully the others and spray.It 's important that you give this stuff at least a month to work , sometimes more.Just an FYI
 Farnam Comfort Zone Feliway Electric Diffuser with 48-Milliliters Imitation Cat PheromoneMy mother had 2 psycho cats in her home , one of whom preferred to `` defecate '' just outside the catbox . There were urine stains in the carpet as well . One of the cats was afraid of people and would hide under the bed all day . The cats were alone in the house for much of 2 months -LRB- except for daily feeding -RRB- while my Mom was ill . Needing to move her and the cats out of the house was going to be very stressful to them -LRB- and me -RRB- . Since the shy boy was moving to my house , I needed to try ANYTHING to make the cat tolerate the move and become normal , or I would have to adopt the cat out or euthanize him . -LRB- I had never even been able to see the cat before -RRB- After learning of Feliway on the internet , I asked the vet who said it works for some and not for others.THANKFULLY , I am ECSTATIC to report that the cat is a keeper . He does his business in the litter box , and while still shy around others , he seems starved for affection from people he knows ! He 's coming around and is out exploring his new world including my cat and dog . He 's eating well now and gaining weight.I attribute the change in part to Feliway , a sqeaky clean catbox and an initial bribe of fresh Ahi to get him out from under the bed.Feliway is worth a try . I am ordering some for the other cat who hates my family and growls and hisses at us . Maybe that will be the true test ! I am continuing to use the feliway and will report back after we return from a week 's vacation when the cat will once again be people-less ! Here is a link to a miracle tool for removing pet hair from dogs and cats . I must spread the word to everyone , if you have a pet , you MUST buy this `` brush '' ! -LRB- I use the 4 in . on the cats also , the small size is too small -RRB- FURminator Large Yellow deShedding Tool with 4-Inch Edge
 We recently agreed to take our daughter 's cat -LRB- because of her boyfriend 's severe allergies -RRB- and at the same time needed to turn the in-and-out stray who had adopted us into a full-time house cat -- making a total of 5 cats . The group included two boys who like to start things and a highly nervous cat -LRB- who had been abused and declawed before she came to our daughter -RRB- who had no experience with other cats . We heard about Feliway through the local animal shelter and asked our vet , who said it was definitely worth trying . It 's pricy stuff , but I knew we needed to try anything that might help.We set up a diffuser in what seemed like central location and also used the spray in strategic spots . The results were beyond any expectations -- no fighting , hissing , etc. and a generally laid back atmosphere , even between the ones who usually get on each other 's nerves . We added a second diffuser in the dining room with the same excellent results . The only problem we noticed was that we did not replace the original diffuser fast enough and a little tension resulted , but it was soon gone when I put a new bottle in .
 My 13 year old cat had been spraying for 10 years . I had tried injections of Depo-Provera and Feliway spray without success . I was about to put him on Prozac when his vet suggested this diffuser . I was sceptical because I had tried it once before to no effect.The key , however , was to put one in every room and lock him in the house with it untill he was drugged by it 's calming vapors . Spendy but not compared to the property damage he had caused in the past . He had ruined a Mac flatscreen monitor , a VCR , curtains , clothes , shoes and a few relationships with roomates . I really thought I would just have to live with it until he died but now he has not sprayed in the house for 6 months . -LRB- I do see him spraying out in the yard but not in here where it 's all friendly and calm . -RRB- Carmine was broken and this stuff fixed him .
 I have two cats . One big fat , lazy male who has not a care in the world and one small and extremely skittish female . I got her when she was 9 weeks old , but she must have been feral because she was so fearful from the get-go . I thought she would relax once she got used to things , but that did n't happen . She lived under my bed for 2 years - truly . She came out when there were minimal people in the house , but you could not catch her to pet her or anything . If she snuck out of my room while we were awake and we looked at her , she would run back under the bed.I himmed and hawed over whether she would be better off living with a little old lady who never left her house so she could have the most consistent and calm environment , but I could n't . I had resigned myself to the fact that I would feed and clean up after a cat that I never saw for the next 10-15 + years.This is kind of gross , but I had noticed that one of the cats was pooping blood . It would happen on and off . I finally took the little one to the doctor because I was fairly certain the big fat one was not the culprit . The vet checked her out and found absolutely nothing wrong with her . She figured she had a bacterial infection of some sort so she prescribed an antibiotic with anti-inflammatory properties . I do n't know what on earth made me think I would possibly be able to get more than one dose of it into this cat , but I agreed to try anyway . Her other idea was Comfort Zone with Feliway . She was n't sure about it but said that the bloody stool could be due to stress and that the pheromones could potentially calm her . She had a couple of patients she said reported positive results with other issues like aggression and scratching , but she did n't seem too convinced . She told me I should give it at least a month to see if it made a difference . I decided to try it.I have an 1150 sqft apartment , but since I did n't have high hopes , I only invested in one diffuser at first . I plugged it into the outlet closest to my bed since that 's where my spazzy cat spent all her time . Fast forward 2 weeks or so and my boyfriend and I are chatting about thinking we saw at least a tiny bit of improvement . She started coming out earlier in the night before we went to bed . Nothing extreme , just in my bedroom doorway where she could see us on our computers . She got increasingly more relaxed as time went on . At 4 weeks , I was sold and bought another for our living room when I needed to buy the refill for the one we had . It just keeps getting better.Don ' t get me wrong , she is by no means a full on lovey dovey cat at this point -LRB- about 1.5-2 months after the first diffuser was plugged in -RRB- , but she 's * interested * in us . She walks around us and shakes her little tail . She lays down on the ground next to our chairs . Granted , she is always prepared to flee , but she 's sitting near me !! When I shift in my seat , she does n't run away from the scary noise -LRB- this was a source of drama for a long time -RRB- , half the time , she does n't even get up ! She does look concerned , though . Sometimes she even lets me pick her up , but only allows it for maybe 15-30 seconds max -LRB- literally -RRB- . Sometimes she even plays and finds herself in vulnerable positions like being on her back while she wrestles with a toy . She will still skeedaddle if you make any quick movements , but she does n't run all the way under my bed , just out of reach . She is about halfway to being a normal cat . This is so much more than I could have hoped for . She 's 2.5 years old and is just now allowing us to get to know her . She sniffs our faces as long as our hands are n't near her . It 's all just very cool because I was sure we 'd never have that with her . That 's kind of sad , is n't it?Anyway , the bloody stools stopped . The fear of anything and everything is significantly toned down , but not perfect . She lets me pet her , but not cuddle , but that 's fine . I get to see her now . The difference is so marked that there is really no possible way that this could be all in my head . I 'm sure it does n't work for every cat , but it made a huge difference for mine .
 I only wish I had gotten this sooner , and the price on Amazon is far less than local stores . One of my cats was traumatized by our move last summer and began losing weight , hair under her chIn , rough coat and lack of appetite . Along with Daily Best and Pet Tinic vitamins , Composure for cats , and Feliway , she has bounced back and both cats are happier .
 I have two rescue cats . I 'd had Mela three years when Jimmy turned up , two months old , black as the inside of a stove pipe , one hour before dark on a night predicted to get down to 20F . Mela is the most reserved , low maintanence cat on the planet , but intolerant of other cats in the house . Feliway saved the day . A year later they love each other mightily . We keep the Feliway on hand for emergencies now -- illness or any other bother that needs soothing . I also have a spray bottle
 My eight year old litter-mate cats have been fighting off and on for a couple of years . It has never been anything more than some hissing that would eventually subside . I have had them checked for health issues by a vet etc. . In the last two weeks , we have had two HUGE blow up fights , with one cat spraying in the most recent fight.I had been considering these but was n't sure if the pheromones would cause additional issues . Before I could make up my mind , this week 's big blow-up occurred . When I called my vet 's office , they actually recommended these to try before bringing the cats in . Because I needed them immediately , I had to buy from a local PETCOmpany , where I was charged OVER TWICE the price Amazon has the plastic packaging listed for now . I also got a couple of `` calming collars '' because my research seemed to indicate they would work a bit more quickly . -LRB- I am not nuts about the smell on those and hope to phase them out after a week -RRB- . I will update my review with long term effects/success , but I can say that each cat was MUCH calmer while separated in rooms with the diffusers . I now have placed the diffusers in the area where I am slowly reintroducing the cats to each other and it really does seem to help . I have three diffusers in the open living room/kitchen/office area where my cats spend most of their time . I am hoping the three units will provide enough coverage for there to be a sustainable effect.I bought the third here and got the less expensive `` paper packaging '' option . It is the exact same product but it comes in two small boxes instead of the harder to open plastic packaging.If you have cats that are fighting , do n't wait until there is a blow up and you need something quickly . You will pay so much more at the vet 's office or pet stores .
 The scenario
 My 2 new cats were a rescue from neglect . They are 2 huge Maine Coons , 6 yrs. , and siblings . The male -LRB- 20lbs -RRB- unpacked within the first hour , moved in and wanted lunch . The female -LRB- 17lbs -RRB- hid . Both were infested with fleas , ticks , and roundworm . She had good reasons to hide because she also had an upper respiratory infection , conjunctivitis , and a urinary tract infection . This is what happens when people think that their domestic pets can survive outdoors for long periods of time . They can not . The female would have died before winter.After a month of anti-biotics , flea , tick and roundworm treatments , her diseases were healed but not her psyche . Her brother liked to pick on her and she would growl like a mountain lion . She even scared me . I 've had cats for 40 years and this is the first time I questioned my safety with one.But I knew part of her reaction was stress from all the changes - new home , new food , warm bed , a host of sicknesses , etc. . Nevertheless , I needed to get on top of the stressful behavior or they were going to be permanently separated with the female going to a new home . He was a lover right from the start . I did n't know what she was because she was freaked out . Sleep deprivation was also turning me into zombie.A Google search turned up this product . It was serendipitous that this product was the first hit , because I study the same types of odors in humans -LRB- scientist -RRB- ; they 're called human semiochemicals and pheromones -LRB- this product -RRB- are one class of semiochemical . At any rate , had this product Fed-Exed to me and all I can say is WOW.Within 12 hours all stress levels dropped by a factor of 10 . For the first time in 6 weeks both animals slept through the night without an ` argument ' and I , too , got my first full night 's sleep since bringing them home . It 's been 2 days now and both animals are completely chilled out.I 've decided to bomb my entire house and put a diffuser in each room in order to maintain this blissful state for the next 60 days with the expectation that both animals will transition into calmness without any further need for the product after this time period . If it turns out that stress begins to increase , I 'll just continue using the product in the rooms where they spend most of their time.While the female is still ` tetchy ' , she is phenomenally less stressed and can be handled . Because of this product , I wo n't have to separate these two lovely animals and also will not have to resort to Valium for her.While this product may not work for long standing stress situations where bad behaviors have been allowed to continue for years , it is an amazing product for recent changes . It seems to me that all shelters and rescue organizations might benefit from this product and its canine counterpart to relieve shelter stress . Highly recommended - it is science -LRB- not hocus pocus -RRB- , backed up by empirical tests , and it works .
 To the Feliway product description information above , I would also add , `` Aids in calming cats ... who manage stressful chronic health conditions . `` My 4yr . old neutered male cat manages several chronic health conditions , which at times create seemingly unrelated behavioral issues , when flare ups occur that jangle his nerves . When his IBD is not well controlled , my otherwise angelic cat becomes stressed out & does deadly things - chewing through power cords , consuming inedible objects , eating plants untouched for years , climbing to & jumping/falling from extremely high places aggravating his arthritis , & more . When he 's not feeling well , acting-out is his way of externalizing his bad nerves & telling me , `` I do n't feel well , help me '' . So I bought a Feliway Diffuser for him for his birthday a few weeks ago , & the change in my cat 's behavior was noticeable within the first few hours after plugging it in . Initially , I noticed a personality change - sort of a mellowing effect , reflecting a more leveled out & increased general sense of well-being . I see less lethargy , & more interest in social interaction , his environment , & play . It 's a subtle overall field effect , but his happiness & joy somehow seem happier . I 've noticed I 've had an easier time with giving him his regular medications & brushing his teeth . It 's a synthetic feline facial pheromone , but I call it `` the airborne feline prozac '' ... And without putting more chemicals into his system that do n't belong in the body , & their problematic side effects . My cat seems to appreciate the general change in the overall atmosphere of his home , & occasionally , he even sleeps underneath the diffuser.The benefits my cat experiences also pass on to me - because if he is less stressed & upset , & doing fewer life threatening things in reaction to his nerves - then I 'm less stressed out as well . I 'd rather buy him Feliway , than spend money on veterinary visits & additional medication to deal with new problems he creates when he 's stressed . And there have been a lot of them.Feliway contains an odorless oil by human standards , & it does not upset my cat 's severe asthma or allergies , nor my own more moderate conditions . In fact , I am wondering that if he 's less stressed out psychologically - & in turn physiologically - if there might even be less asthma & less digestive upset due to a reduction in the cycle of internalized stress . And if it improves his overall quality of life , I 'd much rather buy him peace instead of more doctors ... I live in a small 1 person unit , & 1 diffuser does seem to cover the entire place . I unplug ours when the window is open , & plug it back in when it 's closed , while I sleep or am away , & any time I think he might benefit from it . The plastic bottle can be unscrewed from the plug-in unit & recapped to preserve it until your next use . This may help to extend the 6 week life span recommended in the packaging information , we 'll find out . I would also add that the diffuser gets warm , but not hot to the touch , & certaintly not hot enough to burn a hand or singe a whisker or fur . I have handled the diffuser many times during use , & I have no fear of allowing my cat to be directly near it.The only negative aspect of this product so far as I can determine is how much you 'll want to kick yourself for waiting to buy it for long as you did ... As a pet store employee recently told me , `` It is one of the few behavior mod products for cats on the market that actually does work . '' While there is no substitute for building & maintaining a solid , trusting relationship with your pet - or for seeking competent veterinary care - Feliway does seem like it could be a great adjunct to it.Feliway gets 2 Thumbs & Paws Up from kitty & me . = ^ . . ^ =
 I 'm highly active in cat rescue , and I 'm vice-president of a no-kill animal rescue organization . I recommend this stuff to EVERYONE who cares for more than one cat , or who has trouble with a cat spraying , peeing , or fighting . I have this conversation on a DAILY basis with people who want to surrender or otherwise get rid of their cat -LRB- s -RRB- because of spraying , peeing , fighting , etc. . . After I 've gone through the usual questions -LRB- Is your cat neutered ? No ? Then DO it , NOW ! -RRB- and potential solutions -LRB- You have 6 cats and only 1 litter box ? You need at least 3 more litter boxes ! -RRB- , I tell them to try Feliway - spray , diffuser , or preferably both . I explain how it works , and point them to the shelf in the store where we hold our adoption clinics . As a rescuer with a whole houseful of cats , with `` strangers '' -LRB- cats up for adoption , kittens being tamed , and feral cats awaiting release after spay/neuter surgery -RRB- coming and going all the time , I could not function without Feliway . It 's a lifesaver!Does it work for all situations and problems ? No . Is it magic ? Of course not . But , it works for what it is intended for . Not all peeing problems are due to stress . If your cat starts peeing outside the box , the first thing to do is try a different litter - something unscented . Then try a bigger box , or one without a cover - some cats , especially big ones , do n't like enclosed boxes . Next , have them checked for a urinary tract infection or phosphate crystals in their urine - bladder stones . Urinary discomfort is the primary cause of most feline peeing problems , and is easily treated with antibiotics or a modified diet , depending on the cause . Please see a vet before you consider getting rid of your cat . Thousands of cats are killed in shelters because they have urinary problems which could be easily and inexpensively treated . I see these cases every day , and it 's a tragedy.However , if you DO have a situation where dominance fighting/spraying/etc ... is the problem , then Feliway should work . I do n't run into too many peeing/spraying problems because ... well , frankly , because I 'm a pro . I have loads of experience with cats , plus space and equipment to handle them . I know to get males neutered ASAP , I have big isolation cages , and I know how to do gradual introductions . However , I DO deal with a lot of fights and dominance aggression . That 's what Feliway works best for.Do I endorse products for a living ? Absolutely not . However , I do have my favorite brands of food , scratching posts , toy mice , etc , and I recommend them to other cat owners . As an experienced cat caretaker with a rescue organization behind me , I have a lot of possible answers , a lot of solutions at hand . Feliway products are one of the most useful tools in my belt . Your kitty problem may have a more complex solution involving medical care , drugs , or behavioral training , but this stuff is definitely worth a try !
 Wow , I can not believe the behavioral changes in my 3 male indoor cats !! It has been chaotic in comparison and I just did n't realize how peaceful it could be with a little help!Here are the problems I was having with one of my 3 cats :1 . Behaving aggressively towards the other two by attacking , biting , hunting them really2 . Meowing often , even in the middle of the night , often waking me up at 3am AND I NEED MY SLEEP ! 3 . Chewing almost EVERYTHING - power cords , flip-flops , the bed frame , the hard plastic handle on his brush , etc.Last week I took him to the vet wanting him tested for hyperthyroidism and if that were not the problem , then get some sort of tranquilizer . My vet said the blood work was normal and for me to try Feliway - either that or we try a daily dose of Prozac and I 'm not too keen on having to give a cat medication every day if I can avoid it.My condo is 1100 square feet so I got 2 diffusers . One is downstairs next to their large cat tower , the other in my bedroom . They were plugged in Tuesday afternoon and by yesterday the aggressive behavior WAS GONE ! I have a gentle cat and the others have now relaxed , too . THANK YOU FELIWAY ! THIS IS WORTH EVERY PENNY!No more cat attacks , no more excessive meowing - I got 10 hours of sleep last night it was wonderful !! I have not had the territory urinating problems that Feliway says to use their product for , all of my boys always go in the litter box , I just wanted to see if it would calm the aggression expressed in other ways and it has .
 My wife gave me 6 months to get the cat from peeing in the upstairs hallway or she 's sending the cat to the animal shelter . I had tried EVERYTHING ! Vinegar/peroxide/baking soda , natures miracle , stink free , pulling up the carpet and pad . This was my last hope . With in a week of plugging in the comfort zone diffuser , there were NO MORE MARKINGS !! It 's been a little over 3 weeks since the last marking and she now seems to find the box everytime . I am pretty sure it was the dog that moved in about 18 months ago that stressed her out and started marking in the first place . It 's been that long of having a urine soaked hallway . But , not anymore !! I still have a lot of clean up to do , but , she has seemed to stop peeing outside the litter box . Great product !!
 This thing works . I was skeptical , but kind of desperate . I have a 11/2 year old siamese that began peeing on things 5 months ago when we brought a foster child into our house . The foster child went back to his biological father some weeks ago and I hoped the marking would stop . No such luck . My cat was still stressed . Then my husband was stressed . It 's no fun having your dirty clothes peed on . Or your shoes , or anything else . And that smell is so pungent ! The DH threatened to throw kitty outside . But kitty has been declawed . I did not know what to do . I did a random search on Amazon thinking I would find a book with suggestions . What I found was Feliway . I read the reviews and thought it was likely a scam , but at this point had nothing to lose -LRB- except money -RRB- . It arrived 2 days after ordered . It has now been over a week and the cat has not peed on anything except in his litter box . The unexpected side effect is that my cat has a new personality . He is friendlier , cuddlier , and much more interested in the family than he ever was -LRB- even before the foster child came -RRB- . He now rubs my legs and my chin like cats I have had in the past -LRB- something he never did before -RRB- . This thing works . My only complaint is the cost . By the time you add in shipping you are looking at -LRB- ... -RRB- . Although this is still cheaper than a trip to the pet psychic or a year 's supply of prozac .
 We began using Feliway Comfort Zone about a year ago , after a feral cat took up residence under our deck . -LRB- Our cats stay indoors , but could sense him through a sliding glass door . -RRB- The oldest cat , aged 16 years and normally a sweetheart , began attacking our 7-year-old cat so badly and so often that the 7-year-old was covered in scabs . He responded by `` going outside the box '' several times a week.I work at home , so I was here when the fights happened ; but the oldest cat was so agitated that he even attacked me a few times . He continued this behavior after the feral cat left , and stopped responding to being squirted with water . It was heartbreaking ; I asked the vet for advice , asked friends , etc. . I did NOT want to have him `` put down . `` In an effort to try everything , I ordered Feliway Comfort Zone . It began working within hours , calming the older cat . I ordered another unit for the second floor . -LRB- Each unit covers 650 sq. ft. -RRB- Now , the fights are very rare and the 7-year-old only goes outside the box when we 're on vacation . I feel like we got our pets back.I would recommend this product to anyone who wants to see the sweet personalities of their cats restored . It really seems to calm them and give them a sense of well-being . The only downside is the cost . Locally -LRB- at Petco -RRB- , refills cost double the price on the internet , so it 's worthwhile to plan ahead and order online.If you have a cat who goes outside the box , I would strongly recommend Nature 's Miracle for getting rid of the odors . It 's available as a spray -LRB- for carpets and upholstery -RRB- and as laundry detergent . It works when you think nothing could possibly work -- on pillows , coats , etc. .
 Feliway is wonderful . My cat has been `` inappropriately urinating '' and marking for years . We 've tried everything . Feliway finally did the trick . There 's no way I have time to spray everything in every room every day , so I tried the Comfort zone kit . No more peeing outside the box , no more marking . As an added bonus , he was much easier to get in the cage for the vet visit when I set it next to the unit , and upon return from the vet , was immediately loving again -LRB- instead of hiding the rest of the day -RRB- . I 'm now getting a diffuser for every room in my home .
 I first used this at the suggestion of an animal behaviourist/vet . I had adopted a young 11 lb . rescue dog who liked to chase my 14 lb older cat . Willie was always a scaredy cat but the new dog chased him and Willie retreated to a spare room on another floor and rarely ventured out . I placed the diffuser in that room and within a few weeks , I heard the dog chasing the cat , chase stopped , dog yelped and ran off . Dog had his tail between his legs for a day or so . Willie stopped hiding . I never saw what happened , but Willie got his groove back and peace reigns once again . I recently moved and began to use it again .
 I just got one of my 4 cats home from the vet and the other cats were hissing at him . I plugged the Feliway in upstairs and within minutes one cat was asleep and another way sitting other the outlet , relaxed.I still have n't plugged the second one in downstairs because I have to rearrange furniture so it 's exposed to the room.There 's still fighting going on downstairs , but upstairs is a place of relaxation.As far as I can tell there is only one con ; it smells a little like cat breath . My husband swears he does n't smell anything , I guess I 'm really sensitive.I would recommend this product to anyone with multiple cats . It works wonders !
 Two-year-old Sammy has been trying to train me for ages
 This product worked wonders for us . We have two 10 year old female cats . I never would have chosen to adopt another cat while our two were still with us . Then a six month old female kitten showed up on our doorstep and never left . We kind of had no choice . She adopted us . Needless to say it did not go over well ! Our 10 year old started peeing in my kids ' beds . All three growled , hissed , etc. . The new kitten was scratching everything . What a nightmare ! We put the Comfort Zone in the bathroom connected to my kids ' room -LRB- where the 10 year old was peeing -RRB- . I chose not to put it in the bedroom because it does get warm to the touch . The growling and aggressiveness improved almost immediately and the peeing got better and better . Within a few weeks , all the negative behaviors had stopped . The main proof for me that this product works is that I let it run dry and the cat immediately started peeing in the bed again . I just ordered a refill and if the peeing stops again , I will be buying this product for the rest of my cat 's lives because it does really work . Word of advice - Do NOT bring a female kitten into a home with two adult females . DUH ! : -RRB- Update
 Back story
 This product has helped a lot . My cat 's crazy making behavior calmed down within a day or two to very tolerable levels , although I did eventually combine Feliway with Calming Chews by Pet Naturals of Vermont to get completely satisfactory results . I ca n't change the things causing my cat 's anxiety right now and am relieved I can rely on Feliway to help us out until I can.Although I ca n't smell the Feliway at all , I am sure Feliway is working because there was definite improvement when it was introduced plus my cat started hanging out exclusively near the diffuser , abandoning her usual chill out spots in order to do so . After a couple of weeks , I decided to see if I could cut back to just the Feliway . After a peeing incident we are back to the Feliway plus Calming Chews again . No issue since . I reverse tested to see I could eliminate the Feliway and rely on just the Calming Chews . There was soon an obvious uptick in annoying behaviors . Seems the best combination for us is Feliway plus the Chews.You do need to consider factors like air circulation as well as the volume of air the diffuser has to treat . Putting it in too large a space , a room with high ceilings or circulation issues caused by objects like furniture or screens blocking air flow will blunt its ability to treat the entire space . Open plan homes may also cause probs since there is no way to confine the pheromones to a specific area . In some cases the spray may be more practical.If you 're not completely happy with Feliway alone , before giving up on it completely try tweaks like changing the diffuser 's location ; using more than one diffuser ; supplementing with the spray in places the diffuser might not reach ; using a calming collar in addition ; or , like us , adding anti-anxiety supplements like Calming Chews . If none of these things help , then you likely need to make changes in the cat 's circumstances or environment.Just read the review by Susan A. Mascia warning about high ethylene content in Feliway , which she says is harmful to humans . I have not noticed any problems at all but tolerance levels vary greatly from person to person for all sorts of substances.I am hoping my cat 's anxiety level will eventually reset itself to normal so I no longer need these expensive products . But even if we have to continue them indefinitely , that is preferable to surrendering her to a no-kill pound , which unfortunately would have been the next step .
 I recently adopted a 2 yr old Siamese , and decided to try this to ease his integration with my existing cats . It was incredible -- where it would normally take several weeks before letting the new cat out into the rest of the house , Beau 's integration happened within one week , and now 2 months later you 'd never know he was the New Kid . I highly recommend using this if you are trying to integrate a new cat , or are having dominance issues with existing cats.BTW , I got Beau from the Siamese Cat Rescue Center , at -LSB- ... -RSB- Please consider them if you 're looking for a Siamese cat !
 This product works great for our cat . We have a 17 year old indoor only cat . Our daughter recently moved back home with her indoor puppy . The cat hissed and was very unhappy with this change so we put up a baby gate to keep the pets separated . Our cat still felt threatened and was still very stressed . She even began to pull out her fur . She also lost lots of weight because she was barely eating . I was looking for anything that might relieve some of her stress without putting her on Valium . She does not take pills well and since she was barely eating , putting it in her food was not an option . This plug-in diffuser works great . Within a couple of days , I noticed she was much happier and had stopped pulling out her fur . She has also begun to eat better and rarely hisses at the puppy anymore . The only negative is it covers only about 600 square feet so I had to buy two of them . Be sure and put a note on your calendar to buy more refills because they only last about a month .
 I have three cats , who were not getting along happily . Two of them had started urinating throughout the house . I was skeptical but at my wits end , so I bought the spray and a few diffusers . I found two of my cats curled up together just a few hours after starting to use the products . Now , I have to say that they still do n't always get along . They 're not the Stepford Cats or anything , but they are reasonable to one another . An unexpected benefit , and I do n't know for sure this is related to the Feliway but the timing is right , is that my cat with the sensitive stomach who was throwing up several times a day hardly ever vomits anymore . We had already tried several foods and settled on the best one for her stomach months before , with only minimal results . But with the Feliway diffusers , it seems to be much less than before . Maybe she had been so stressed she was throwing up , and is not anymore ? I do n't know , but I 'll take the improvement . Why do I think it 's the Feliway ? Because my diffusers ran out last week and I did n't notice until I started finding pee and vomit around the house this weekend . I 'm online now to buy refills . The instructions suggest 3 months , and we 've only had it for one .
 We just found out that my oldest cat has FIC . Main factors for managing this disease include reducing stress , increasing water intake and reducing weight . I have 3 cats ... the oldest is 5 , then 4 , then 2 . Before the 2 year old came along the 2 oldest were pretty good with each other . They would cuddle on the bed and play . All 3 are rescued and when we brought the 2 year old home she was only about 6 or 7 months . My oldest does n't like her very much , is jealous , aggressive and they growl like they are man eating beasts -LRB- !! -RRB- at each other . They would also get in spats and then the middle `` child '' beats up on the oldest because she thinks the oldest is picking on the youngest . They are definitely like children.When my cat first got sick the vet asked about stress and I told her the above . She recommended Feliway , which I had never heard of , and I immediately ordered it . I then had to take her to a specialist for her diagnosis , he recommend the Feliway also ! I read many reviews on this product before purchasing . Everyone says to give it at least 2 weeks to begin working and wait a month before you make your decision about it . I have had it plugged in for approximately 1 month ... what a huge difference it has made ! Now the oldest and youngest do n't mess with each other . They will even sit near each other and eat close to each other . Strangest thing ! Everyone seems to be very happy now and there is no aggression ... just a little -LRB- tiny -RRB- bit of playfulness . I am eager to see how their future together pans out now . = -RRB-
 FOR 11 YEARS MY ALPHA CAT SPRAYED ON EVERYTHING IN THE HOUSE . THEN HIS NEMESIS , THE PERSIAN , DIED . WE NOW HAVE TWO NEW PERSIAN KITTENS AND ARE USING FELIWAY AND HE HAS NOT SPRAYED ONCE ! WISH I KNEW ABOUT THIS PRODUCT YEARS AGO . HE 'S MUCH CALMER NOW AND NOT AS AGGRESSIVE TOWARDS THE KITTENS AS I THOUGHT HE WOULD BE . I 'VE ORDERED MORE AND WILL CONTINUE AS LONG AS NECESSARY . IT 'S STILL CHEAPER THAN THE PROZAC WE HAD HIM ON WHICH DID N'T AFFECT HIS SPRAYING ANYWAY . THE KITTENS ARE ALSO CALMER , WHICH IS A SIDE EFFECT I WISH WAS N'T HAPPENING . THEY STILL PLAY , BUT THEY 'RE NOT AS WILD AS THE FIRST 5 DAYS WITHOUT THE PRODUCT . IT REALLY WORKS , AT LEAST FOR OUR 3 CATS . WE ARE VERY HAPPY AND PLEASED WITH THE RESULTS .
 AMAZING ! One week and we are seeing results!My ten year old male cat was very restless , keeping me up all night . He would run around the bed , dig at the curtains , dig at the lampshade , meow and cry ... he wanted attention , he wanted me to play , he wanted fed . If I got up to feed him -LRB- which is just letting him know that if he digs the curtain , Mom will get up -RRB- he would settle for a few hours , but always come back again . If I refused to get up , he would just keep at it . Closing him out of the room -- he would dig and cry at the door . All of this equaled NO SLEEP for me!We have had Feliway for one week , and now we are sleeping through the night ! He is very happy , he cuddles , he purrs , he sleeps with the dog , he plays happily by himself at night - it is amazing!Now - someone at a pet store told me that Feliway only works if the CAUSE of their behavior is a negative thing ... like fear or anxiety or a new home ... This person said that my cat was keeping me up for a ` positive ' reason , wanting attention and to interact with me.Whatever -- how do we really know what the underlying cause is for their behavior !? Either way , I decided to try it and am delighted with the results !
 We have a one year old kitty that is extremely nervous about everything . She was a found feral kitty and so probably had it pretty rough the first few months of her life . She is fine with us , although sudden noises or movements frighten her . But if anything in her routine changes she begins `` stress grooming '' and had actually pulled so much fur off of her back that she had two bald spots . Feliway diffusers were recommended and so we put them in the two rooms that she is in the most . We really believe that the Feliway has helped to calm her . She is not so jittery and has almost completely stopped the stress grooming . When they ran out we could see that she was nervous again . We replaced them and she is much better . The product is expensive but I believe that it has really helped our kitty . I would recommend this product .
 This seemed to comfort my new cat while I was trying to introduce him to my old cat , but it ca n't really help them much since they just do n't like each other 's attitudes . I am planning to buy the refills for another couple months to help them calm down again .
 This product seems to make my cats a little less crazy.Girl kitty was peeing on my office chair and in my closet . After we got the product she stopped . Boy kitty was attacking girl kitty . He has since stopped attacking her quite as often , and seems to be more loving twors us . However he is still occasionally a little crazy and mean , but it seems to have helped .
 My 5-year old kitty scraped the paint off of every corner in my apartment ... until we hooked up the Feliway ! It supposedly does n't work for every cat , but it did for mine !
 I have four cats . My oldest male who is eleven years old became aggressive attacking my other cats . My vet suggested I try Feliway diffusers . I purchase four for different rooms in my home . It has no doubt made a difference . All four are playing peacefully . I just ordered the six pack of refills .
 i ordered feliway out of sheer desperation . my male cat started both marking and urinating outside his tray in all sorts of places after contracting crystals in his urine . this behavior continued even after treatment and a new diet of prescription food . other suggestions on how to modify this behavior just were n't working . any one who owns a cat knows , having to battle these behaviors gets old very quickly . on my vet 's suggestion , i ordered feliway . the first few weeks were spotty in their results , but after a month , i have n't seen or found any urine . this is definitely an option to pursue if you are struggling with this problem . you and your cat will regain your peace .
 The product is wonderful !!!! My cat stopped spraying the same day I plugged it and he is so calmed and sweet . I am totally amazed ! I greatly recommend it !!!!
 I bought this after 8 months of my cat not wanting to use the litter box . She would either pee/poop on the floor or in the back yard if I let her out regularly . Had discussed with vet that this may have been due to a combination of factors relating to competition with other animals -LRB- former homeowner 's cat , visiting dog , visiting cats -RRB- . But when the other animals left , the behavior did not cease . Since I started using the Feliway a month ago , she has only gone on the floor 1 day , and has actually resumed using the litter box . Hooray ! Let 's hope this keeps up !
 I was very skeptical about purchasing this product . My kitty was immediately drawn to it once I plugged it in . He kept smelling it and looking at me contemplatively . I do feel it does calm him down at times but not all the time . What I do notice is that he is not marking is territory in the room anymore . I also used a cleaning solution that has pheromones as well . With this and the solution , it definately solved my kitty `` wetting '' our bed .
 My 10 year old male cat kept pooping outside the litter box . The vet had me switch from dry food to wet food and the problem went away ... for a while . If we would have overnight guests he would get upset and start going outside the box again . And it was n't just on the floor ... imagine getting into bed at night and putting your hand into a squishy pile of you know what . Or how about going to put on your favorite suede boots and finding a brown present all over the toes.I did everything , changed the litter , gave him a more private box , went back to the old one ... I finally got desperate after about 10 days of finding piles all over -LRB- the futon , the bathroom rug , even the dog 's bed -RRB- and got online to find a solution . I purchased two products , one was an herbal mixture you put in their litter to attract them , and the other was the Feliway Comfort Zone diffuser . Within two days the behavior stopped . He not only started using the box again , his almost constant meowing went to almost nothing . He would sit on the couch in the room I had the diffuser and look happy and content . After about a week I unplugged the diffuser , and I plug it in anytime he is going to be stressed , like company or us going away . It is n't a miracle , it 's not instant , but I do believe that it can help take a behavior from unbearable to mildly annoying .
 I have used Feliway spray in the past and know that this product works for my cat . I have an indoor cat that occasionally sprays urine on the enclosed porch of my house . The Feliway diffuser deters this tremendously . You should talk to your vet if you are having the same problem so you can find out why your cat is doing this -LRB- it may be a medical issue -RRB- and get some tips for resolving the issues . You will be lucky if this diffuser alone with no behavioral management stops your cat from spraying in the house .
 Our 21/2 year old , Smudge , is painfully shy and became even more so when our 3 year old , Shadow , died unexpectedly of a heart condition . She withdrew to a tiny space in our living room and only came out at night . Could n't be held or petted . With a lot of work we were able to get her out in `` public '' but and eventually would allow me -LRB- only -RRB- to touch her . This phase took a year . Smudge also began scratching our wool carpet repeatedly in one spot . We put the Feliway diffuser in an outlet near her hiding space a month ago . She 's now out in public almost all the time , let 's me and my family pet her , and in the past few days my daughter and I have even been able to pick her up ! We just bought another diffuser for the room where we keep the litter box .
 I can not recommend Comfort Zone with Feliway highly enough . It was a life saver for us , maybe even literally.Our first Cat , Nixie , showed up at the back door when she was about 5 months old in September 2010 . She was moved in by the new year and slept inside at night although we still allowed her out during the day whenever she wished . Nixie was never a very physically affectionate cat although she would occasionally curl up on my chest for a scratch fest and nap . In July 2011 , we unexpectedly added two small rescue kittens to our family . Sugar and Odie were about two months old but it was hate at first sight for Nixie . She would growl and hiss whenever she saw one of the kittens and attack them if they got too close . The kittens slept in a small cage at night so I could be sure they were safe but Nixie would also attack their cage . Poor little Odie died of a genetic disease at four months but Nixie 's hatred of Sugar continued . Worse , Nixie 's anger and insecurity was transferring to our human family members . My 82 year old Mother and 88 year old Aunt live with me and they both were badly scratched several times . We were really facing a dilemma with Nixie . We could n't give her up - we all loved her and Mother thought of her as her furry baby . We did n't want to declaw her since she still went outside . But I could not have my elder relatives being injured and Sugar too was at risk . I had seen Comfort Zone with Feliway recommended on several cat forums as well as a book forum I frequent . Out of desperation , I decided to give it a try.We got our first Comfort Zone with Feliway diffuser in December 2011 and plugged it in a socket that was in the hallway that runs through the center of the house . We humans could not smell the product and the diffuser itself it soundless but we saw results within just a few weeks . Nixie stopped growling at and attacking Sugar . She stopped scratching Mother and Aunt and even started rolling over for belling scratches.We are just about to start our third month using Comfort Zone with Feliway . Nixie is a completely different cat . She naps laying against Aunt 's legs on the couch . She often sleeps in bed with Mother and Aunt . She stopped attacking Sugar completely and gradually started becoming friendlier towards her . Now Nixie and Sugar play , chase balls and laser lights , frollick through our play cubes and tunnels , chase each other madly throughout the house , wrestle with each other , and play hide and pounce . Sugar so desperately wanted to play with Nixie after poor little Odie died . She 's now extremely happy following Nixie around . Nixie is still allowed outside whenever she wants but she hardly goes anymore . Usually she zips out in the morning for a few minutes then is completely content to stay in with the family the rest of the time . Nixie has even started occasionally curling up on my chest again . Nixie is not perfect . She refuses to eat near Sugar so I often have to put a separate feeding station down for her . And they do n't sleep together although Nixie will allow Sugar to sleep near by , often on the same bed or couch . But Comfort Zone with Feliway has really changed Nixie 's behavior for the better . I really do n't know what we would have done without it.Overall , Comfort Zone with Feliway diffuser is a fantastic product . Just pop the small bottle with the product into the diffuser -LRB- you can get refills here on Amazon -RRB- and plug the diffuser into a wall socket in a central location of your house . If you have a large house or multiple stories you will probably need more than one diffuser . We have a one story house and one diffuser has worked great . The diffuser is completely silent . There is no smell that humans can detect . Also neither Nixie nor Sugar have ever paid the least bit of attention to the diffuser . One bottle of product lasts 4 weeks so while you reuse the diffuser itself you will need to get periodic refills This product completely changed Nixie 's behavior and turned our angry , unhappy , scared baby into a happy , playful member of the family .
 My male cat -LRB- now 13 years old -RRB- was always needy and super attached to only me . After getting married and having my first baby , he got pretty edgy , but it was always manageable . During my second pregnancy , his anxiety got out of control - yowling at the top of his lungs about every 20 minutes day and night . We tried giving him extra attention -LRB- was hard to do with the allergies I developed during my pregnancies and he did n't want it from anyone else -RRB- , squirting him with a spray bottle when he cried -LRB- did n't work -RRB- , and ignoring the crying completely -LRB- did n't work either -RRB- . For a few months we put him outside during the day and in the garage at night because he was waking our toddler and our newborn , and pushing two sleep-deprived parents to the edge . We felt terrible about it . We even , sadly , considered finding him another home or putting him to sleep . We were pretty desperate . I read about Feliway , but was very skeptical and put off buying it . I should have gotten it WAY sooner . We noticed improvement the first night ! And now after only two weeks , my cat is much quieter and is even a less needy version of his old self . Just try it for a month - if it does n't work for you it 's only $ 20 down the drain , but if it works , it is awesome !
 Good product to use for stressed cats . Easy to use , you do n't even know it is around . Makes a difference in the cats behavior !
 Our 1yr old male -LRB- fixed -RRB- cat has been spraying our bed multiple times a day whether we were in it or not . After three weeks of trying to give him more attention , checking him at the vet , cleaning the litter box , and everything we finally grabbed one of these and plugged it in next to the bed . Not a single incident since -LRB- literally this worked in less than 24 hours -RRB- . He is now back to his happy pet me and love me self . He has also taken to sleeping on the corner of the bed closest to the Feliway diffuser .
 Has issues with our cat when we introduced a new kitten into the home . After plugging in two of these in my house it only took a few days for my cat to totally change her attitude and the kitten to calm down . Now after 60 days they are getting along great . I would highly recommend these for anybody having any issues with their cats .
 We have one cat and then introduced a younger cat and the new kitty soon became the dominant one . They get along for the most part but we started noticing that our original cat became less sociable , hides , does not sit on our laps or cuddle with us anymore and seems tense or anxious . We bought one comfort zone plug in just to see if it has any affect before buying more and he 's gotten better ! Not completely since we only bought one plug for our big house . He does n't hide as much , has become more sociable , sits on our laps more frequently . He 's still anxious and still avoids us here and there . From the changes we 've seen so far , it works . We just need to by more plug ins to put around the house .
 Moved to our current home 2 years ago . Our then 10 year old turkish angora cat was extremely upset by the move and started using the hallway carpet both upstairs and down instead of her catbox . She would no longer go outside and hid for the first few months . After much research my husband found this product on the internet . Since both my husband and I are now retired , she is used to our being home most of the time . When we go on vacation , in spite of hiring a cat sitter who spends alot of time with her , we need to make sure the diffuser has not and will not run dry while we are gone . As long as we continue to use this product , the marking has stopped . When it runs dry , she does n't mark unless she sees another cat outside or her routine changes . Getting the smell out of the carpet has been challenging , even using the enzymatic cleaners , so we try to make sure the Feliway is always plugged in both upstairs and down .
 I seriously would have laughed at you if you told me this works . But indeed it does . I used it in conjunction with the spray and no more kitty problems . I every so often have to plug it back in as the kids unplug it , but I was pretty diligent the first few months . Kitty seems to find the area a non potty zone now which is soooo fantastic ! Yes indeed , this actually works . Expensive yes , but less so that the money I spending on cleaners and the time it was taking me -LRB- not to mention this is a rental -RRB- .
 Desperate but sceptical , I bought three Comfort Zone units in hopes that they might reduce my cat 's unfortunate habit of urinating on various favored vertical surface throughout my house . My vet had assured me that medically , kitty was fine , that the behavior was probably due to stress or depression . Unfortunately , my sweet but stubborn Angora simply would not take the anti-anxiety meds the vet prescribed . So Comfort Zone was my last chance.Three weeks have passed since I pligged the units in ; kitty has totally stopped his inappropriate peeing , a behavior I 'd previously seen him exhibit on a near-daily basis ! And , as an added bonus , he and my female cat have stopped getting in sparring matches -LRB- the female never has cared for other animals -RRB- . This thing really works !
 With 4 cats who were n't all raised together we have definitely experienced some feline aggression problems . Within approximately 3 weeks of using the Feliway product we definitely noticed a difference . They 're not drugged or sedated -- just calmer , less anxious & neurotic , and little disputes do n't escalate into large-scale cat fights . Definitely recommended !
 I can not express enough how much I love this product . I have a male cat who was neutered late , and he still wants to mark his territory , even though he can no longer ` spray . ' Unaware that his spraying mechanism is gone , he just goes around lifting his tail and peeing on everything.Until the Comfort Zone is plugged in , that is . It works ! He does n't try to mark anything near the plug-in ! These things have saved me SO much time and money - I do n't have to go around cleaning all my walls and carpets anymore . I LOVE Comfort Zone !
 I have a pretty bossy Russian Blue , a shy feral born DSH , and a recently added Manx.I did n't really have trouble with marking , but the stress level was pretty high , with Oscar being so domineering . Sure wish I 'd known about Feliway when I adopted him , he was very aggressive and drew blood on a regular basis.Feliway mellowed out bossy Oscar , gave shy Lillie some confidence -LRB- she stands up to the two boys now -RRB- and made the addition of Finn very low key.It seemed to take at least a month before I noticed a discernible difference in the big boss cat . Now he is a big love bug and even seems to play more .
 I am so very pleased with this product . We have 4 cats and the largest one always chases the smallest . There was much growling and hissing , which certainly stressed me out . Ever since we have been using this product the cat fights have lessened considerably and I feel more relaxed . I only have to break up a fight , maybe once a week . My vet said that this does n't work for everyone , but it sure worked for us .
 This product allowed me to keep my cat who was otherwise being sent to the glue factory !! I was at my wits end with my female cat who had become ornery and angry , scrathching and spitting and growling all the time . I plugged-in one Feliway downstairs and one upstairs , and within days we noticed a BIG difference . `` Blackie '' is now pleasant and sociable , and for the FIRST TIME EVER , actually enojys being petted and spending time around people .
 I bought the US version of this particular diffuser , which is featured here , instead of the European one I should have bought . I was thinking a simple plug converter would do the trick and the diffuser would run smoothly . About 20 minutes later , I smelled smoke and had to rip this bad boy , melting plastic and all , out of the wall.I make this mistake a lot , since there was no voltage listed on the package I assumed it would be fine . I like to save money where I can . Just a word of advice for anyone else overseas who wants to order this , there is a diffuser available in your country , but it will be more expensive.That being said , I salvaged the `` Comfort Zone '' and diluted it with some water and sprayed it around the area where my new cat and the existing cat would be hanging out . It seems like it soothes their nerves and they can tolerate one another a little easier . A friend of mine turned me on to this product , and she said it worked beautifully to stop her cat from urinating in the house after they moved into a new place .
 Heard about this product at the local pet store and tried it when I adopted 2 female cats that were 6 years old . They were in a lot of distress-urinating out of the litterbox , wandering around the house crying at night as if they were looking for their previous owner , scratching my rugs , cowering under the bed . They refused to let me comfort them except on a limited basis . I figured it was worth a try . It was pricey at the pet store even with a coupon . Found them on Amazon at a much better price -LRB- about 30 to 40 % lower -RRB- and ordered a re-order . Have been using them upstairs and downstairs for the last 9 weeks and feel like they definitely helped the transition and helped calm them and reassure them in their new home .
 We rescued a miniature pinscher a few months ago and he is a handful . Very excitable and needy . He quickly bonded with me and then proceeded to try and keep my dear cat from getting anywhere near me . It upset both her and me terribly and also led to me having to discipline the dog constantly.Clearly , the problem was twofold
 Ever since I had my daughter almost 11 months ago , one of my cats has been going to the bathroom -LRB- both urinating & feces -RRB- in a variety of places . I had tried everything and had come to point where we thought we would have to put her down . In a last ditch effort I posted my concern on fb & someone suggested this . I thought that I would give it one last shot . A full week later I honestly think that the issue has been resolved . I have not seen any evidence that she has gone to the bathroom outside of the box since before I plugged in this diffuser . Her overall dimeanor is very different as well . I will update my review if anything changes but for now , I honestly think that this did the trick for us -LRB- knock on wood ! -RRB- . Update - my other cat has only sat on my lap twice in 10 years -LRB- both times b/c I was preganant -RRB- . This same cat has same on my lap twice tonight and she wo n't stop purring . This is amazing .
 This is the most effective product of any kind I have ever used.At the beginning of the year , I adopeted an eight month old male rescue cat/kitten as a companion to my nine-month old female cat/kitten . I have had cats all of my life , almost all female . I was apprehensive about getting a male cat -LRB- my husband picked him out -RRB- . I did n't know what to expect . It was certainly not what I got.The male cat basically tried to take over the house . He stalked the female cat and treated her like prey-including biting her throat . He was like a Coo Coo bird , trying to destroy the resident cat.He ran around at night making all kinds of noise and hid inside the furniture when he was not making a general nuissance of himself . I feared that I was going to have to send him back to Kitten Rescue . I really did n't want to do that , but felt I had no choice for the sake of my sanity and the safety of my female kitty.I got Feliway . I soon noticed a calming in him . He graudaully spent more time outside of the couch and eventually abandoned it . He slept with me and stopped beating up on my female cat.Until two days ago when he just went off . He , and the rest of us , had the worst night ever . He jumped on us , knocked things over , I found a puncture wound on my female cat 's neck -LRB- first time he had broken skin -RRB- . Despite my husband 's objections , I was about to call the vet and get a prescription for Prozac . Then I check the Feliway despenser and noticed that it was empty.I stopped by the pet store on the way home last night , plug it in and watched the magic happen . The crazy behaviour stopped . No attacks on my girl kitty , no night terrors . Peace . When I woke up this morning , he and my girl kitty were curled up together next to me . We 'd all had a good night 's sleep.This may not work for all cats , but it certainly worked on mine .
 Farnam Comfort Zone Plug-In Diffuser with Feliway , 48 MillilitersFI resided with four cats and thing were pretty normal except for the occasional squabble . A couple of years later I caught a couple of unspayed strays that had been kittens around the neighborhood and took them in with the help of a local human organization for TNR -LRB- trap , spay/neuter , return -RRB- . One of the cats had to have extra surgery , so I kept the sisters in for a couple of days rest -LRB- in a spare room -RRB- . After a few days I decided they might be good bets for adoption working with the humane group , but it was `` kitten season '' . I began to try a couple of introduction methods as outlined in books to introduce them to the rest of the family . That turned out to be pretty much of a disaster . The newbies thought they would be accepted and then became defensive when the others were vying for their level on the pecking order . A couple of nasty disputes occurred . A friend suggested Feliway . I am very grateful . Each cat has his/her individual scent and what Felway does is NEUTRALIZE their scents . It has no scent discernible to me and caused no allergic reaction . It WORKED . I wo n't say everything is perfect , because it never is , but it is immeasurably better . I purchased 2 diffusers with refill for my area . The refills last around 3 months . I have purchased a set of refills . FELIWAY is well worth its price .
 Our 8 year-old Siamese -LRB- adopted 2 years ago -RRB- was driving us NUTS with late-night MEOWING . I absolutely would have gotten rid of the cat , but our daughter would n't allow it . Tried Feliway & noticed the difference within a day . She still meows loudly , but now we get to sleep through the night . We can always tell when the difuser has run dry , as our cat start to act NUTS ! THANK YOU FELIWAY !
 My kitten had been marking -LRB- ie - peeing on the dog bed every chance she gets -RRB- . I asked my vet what she recommended , and she suggested the pheromones . She explained that it works for some cats and not others , but it might be worth a try . It seemed to help our kitten , and we went a good month with minimal accidents . She recently started up again , so I checked the pheromone diffuser , and it was empty ! I just ordered the refills and hope to have the same good results.The only reason I did n't give it 5 stars is because there is no way to control the release amount . It 's meant to work in a large space , but I 'd like a way to emit less in a small space , like the bathroom where my kitten sleeps . I do n't want to overwhelm her ! It would also help it last longer , because we only got about a month out of it .
 This stuff is absolutely amazing . I never type up reviews about products , simply because I 'm not interested in doing so . But this product is truly an amazing item to have when you own a pet thats making your life all but swell . My two cats Kahli and Hermes -LRB- adopted brother and sister , adult cats -RRB- have had an issue with scent marking for almost 2 years now , since I got my parrot . I give all my pets all the attention in the world , but the cats just did n't seem to care and began scent marking shortly after I got the bird . They 've ruined more of my personal belongings than I care to mention . I purchased the Comfort Zone plug in spray unit and like having swiped an invisible magik wand , they 've turned into the 2 biggest `` pussy cats '' ever -LRB- much pun intended -RRB- . Their attitude is far better than it was and I 'm quite sure the urinating has ceased . They are relaxed and always seem playful and responsive , instead of running away the second I approach them . I highly , highly recommend this product for anyone having similar problems with there pet . It works like a dream . If your pet does n't stop scent marking after you 've used this product for 24 hours , then I would consider taking it to a vet , because more than likely there 's probably something wrong with it internally . Comfort Zone diffuser works !
 I was having problems with my senior cat , but since using this , he has stopped unwanted behavior . Thank you Lord !
 It apparently works , but not completely . The price is good in comparison with prices in pet shops . However , I think it is very expensive for the contain of the product .
 My Maine coon is touchy . He does n't like big change . Well , my mom came for a visit and I started babysitting all in the same week . He went nuts ! He was n't using the litter box . I was beginning to think I was going to have to get rid of him . Broke my heart after having him for about 5 years at that point . I decided to try Feliway . It WORKED ! Within the first day , you could see a difference in his attitude . He started using the litter box again . He began to relax . Idk what would have happened if I had n't tried this product and I do n't want to . I got to keep my kitty . It has now been 6.5 years since I first picked up that cute little fur ball . We have used Feliway on two different occasions -LRB- each bottle lasted for about 30 days in my home -RRB- and it has worked wonders . I would HIGHLY recommend this product to any owner that is having problems with their cat . It might just save your relationship your that furry best friend !
 I have two anxious female cats that live separately in my house . One likes to scratch herself out of anxiety , the other gets &#34; backed up &#34; due to the aggressive male kitten as he tries to attack her while she is using the potty . Enter Feliway ! Itchy-Kitty now itches WAYYY less , and Constipated-Kitty is WAYYY more comfy because Crazy-Male-Kitten is WAYYY less crazy ! Yes , have one of these hanging out in the outlet on a regular basis !
 Great pricing for this refill ! I read that the Comfort Zone in purple packaging is recommended , so I bought them . They work SO well , and I bought refills at the same time I purchased the original diffusers .
 We have two cats and , ocassionally , they have had `` accidents '' on furniture and other inappropriate places . After installing and keeping the Feliway jars updated , they have had no such problems . I just wish the stuff was not so darn expensive !
 I have had my cat for about a year now and he has been through a lot . I adopted him and since then have moved twice . He has had issues with urinating on my bed and suitcases . Since I have started using this plus the spray bottle there have been no issues .
 Works better than the spray for reducing stress.It was helpful in establishing the new cat in the house , with the old cat .
 With 3 male cats and 1 female , I have issues with them in the winter because they fight on occasion . This stuff is excellent at keeping them calm .
 I love feliwayI feel it really helps my cat that has stress issuesThe diffuser lasts about 4 weeks
 All I can say is that this product really works . If you have a cat with behavioral issues because of changes in the household with people or other pets , try this item . I can not get over how quickly it helped with our cats . This thing really does work !! Thank you for this excellent product .
 I have a cat that has anxiety issues and tends to scratch and bite herself to the point where she bleeds . I also recently had a baby making her anxiety increase and she restarted an old habit of pooping on the carpet.I bought this refill and she calmed down significantly . It 's an expensive fix though . And she is still scratching and biting .
 I always plug one of these in when something stressful is going to happen . I had it in for a month when I brought my first cat home , and again for another month 1 year later when I got a 2nd cat . The transitions went so smoothly I assume that the diffusers were working to help the cats feel at ease . I have never had any marking or scratching behavior from either of my cats .
 I was having issues with my one cat and after we started using the Feliway Diffuser it stopped . Our first bottle is about to run out and I am waiting for my next supply now !
 Within just a few days we noticed the difference in personality and no more marking ! Been using it now for over three weeks , and recently ordered and received a backup refill . Everyone is happy
 My Tomcat marks his litter box 1 or 2 times every day and he does not cover the marking -LRB- Thank God that is the only thing he marks -RRB- he started doing it after he got declawed 3 months ago , I was hopping this product would help ... . It did n't ! he still bombs the poor litter box every day . But in the other hand he seems to be friendlier , calmed and less stressed compared to a week ago . I bought two and I still have some hopes , maybe he 'll stop his smelly habit soon .
 I have three cats
 I had 2 siblings -LRB- male and female -RRB- 6 years old cats in the house.Brought in last winter a freezing short hair stray boy I found under the hood of my car -LRB- before you start the engine in the winter > ALWAYS check under the hood as they seek the lasting warmth of you car engine -RRB- . As soon as I stepped with the undocumented alien in the house , the war was on ! Blood flowing . Screaming protests . Hunger strike . You name them , I witness them all.I had to keep them separated for 8 months , or under supervision.Plugged in the diffuser ... waited 1 hour and got them together in the same room.Nothing happened ... the 2 cats behave like siblings now with the stray one as well.Just amazing . One week later they are sleeping together.It works . Period.PS1 . I hope the company will make one for my stray wife as well.PS2 . I 'd pay big bucks for it.PS3 . Really
 My 12-yr-old cat has been indoors since age 6 wks . His mom was feral . He never did adapt well , & would hide or run when anyone approached . Even me , the feeder , if I did n't do it right.He got worse after hurricane Katrina , and spent about 6 months wedged behind a bookcase . Any loud noise or unfamiliar person would send him scurrying.About a month ago , I saw a program on telly that featured a cat much like mine . The `` therapist '' advised the owners to use a pheromone spray on themselves and to spritz the legs or feet of guests . When the `` therapist '' revisited , the cat was calmer.Well , it seemed worth a shot . I ordered the diffuser , since that seemed more polite than spraying down guests.I saw results in about 8 days . The cat began staying in plain sight more , and would jump on the sofa , and even asked to be petted . He also began grooming more.The acid test was when he did n't scurry when my husband entered the room . That was revolutionary.This is a product that I 'll continue to use .
 We were having vocalization problems with our cat that began mysteriously and about four months into the problem , we had had just about enough . It was time for a trip to the vet.We live in a moderately sized apartment and the cat would sleep normally throughout the day and night but durning his waking hours , he seemed obsessed by one thing
 This product has been a miracle for my cat . W adopted her several years ago and we were warned that she was feral . For years she peed on our furniture at least a couple times a month . She stayed very thin , about five pounds , just barely eating enough to stay alive . And she would n't let my husband pet her at all . Picking her up was not an option . We had just about given up when we found this product . I noticed a change in her almost instantaneously when we put one in our house . She now allows us to hold her . She eats more and weighs a much healthier 8 pounds . She does n't hide from my husband . She actually lies down and purrs for loving . And she has n't peed on anything since we started using this product about 8 months ago . I use two in my house .
 I recently started using this product - just days ago . It is too soon to know whether it decreases marking , but it has had a dramatic effect on Dusty , my cat from hell . She hates everyone - the other seven cats in the house and most of the time me . Her goal is to be an only cat , but she does n't have a prayer of that , and her mood is constantly grumpy . Growls and hisses punctuate our days together . All that has lessened dramatically since installing the diffuser . Another cat , very timid male , also seems much more sociable and comfortable in his environment . He is suddenly less of a loner . I just purchased two more for this large house .
 I picked up a Feliway plug-in for my neurotic cat when a friend and her small dog temporarily moved in . Domino sprays when he is nervous -LRB- and sometimes when he is n't -RRB- and I fully expected him to hit every rug in the house . I even covered the sofa with plastic and a throw just in case he smelled either the dog or my friend on there and decided to cover their smell with his own . To my surprise , Domino was quite well behaved -- right up to the day the dispenser ran out . Then he sprayed a rug and a tote bag . Needless to say , I ran out and bought the refill.Now this product did not change Domino 's personality . He is still skittish to the point of paranoia . But at least he is n't urinating on everything .
 This product worked spectacularly well in my house with 6 cats in 2400 sq feet . With two males -LRB- neutered -RRB- and four females -LRB- not spaded -RRB- we have had constant problems over the past three years with cats spraying areas to establish territoriality.We have 10 litter boxes scattered about with 3 or 4 different types of litter -LRB- more than the n +1 rule -RRB- , but this has n't eliminated the problem . I 've tried isolating cats with their own litter box , and although this helps it also did n't solve the problem.About three weeks ago we installed 6 diffusers throughout the house -- particularly in areas where the cats constantly soiled . The result was almost immediate . They stopped urinating outside of the litter boxes . In only one instance has a cat urinated , and that was in a room we normally have as a cat free zone.The problems caused by having the second male cat has n't disappeared . He is socially immature and tends to attack the other cats , but the stress levels for the cats have gone down.I wish we had known about this product sooner . Other than its cost , which is a problem , Felliway does what it claims and I will be using it from now on and am an enthusiastic endorser .
 I love it ! I bought this a month ago . My domestic shorthair had sometimes peed on the carpet immediately outside of the laundry area of my apartment , where the cat box resides . I plugged this gizmo in - and I also thoroughly treated the peed on spots , after locating them with a black light . She has not peed on the carpet since then.Not only that . My Siamese has not thrown a major hissy fit since I got the diffuser . If you have a Siamese , then you know what a Siamese hissy fit is like , I 'll bet . He is much calmer . He asks politely when he wants to go out on the patio . He does n't have crying jags in the evening , when he wants me to go to bed and pet him . He sits calmly and stares at me instead . Amazing - truly amazing.I see this does n't work for everyone , based on the reviews , but it sure as heck works for my cats . They are happier . I am happier . Win win all the way.One suggestion - I highly recommend locating the spots with a black light and then treating them with a solution that will neutralize the pee and remove the smell completely . This , I think , will increase your likelihood of success.I just bought two refills .
 I have adopted a few overly stressed cats and this does help with their social skills although the affect is not immediate.It seems the price on these items is a little high .
 I was very skeptical of this product when I first heard about it . But I had found a little red kitten that had been thrown out , and as he started to grow up -LRB- he 's 9 months now -RRB- , he became a monster . I also have an 8 yr old male , and the new arrival attacked the older cat without mercy -LRB- and he was n't playing , it was fighting attacks -RRB- . And my older cat just ran ... meaning he was chased almost the whole time he was inside . My new addition also tore up one set of miniblinds , bent three sets of miniblinds so that they need to be replaced , literally dug a hole in my living room carpet down to the backing -LRB- no carpet fibers left at all -RRB- , and he 's denuded almost all the leaves from my artifical plants in the house . I had hoped having him fixed would calm him , but while it helped , it did n't stop anything . So I did some online research and found a few recommendations for Feliway . I really did n't hold out a lot of hope , but since I was at my wits end , I decided to give it a try . I bought the plugin with one refill , which lasted five weeks . To be honest , it seemed as if my baby was a little calmer , but not enough to make a that much of a difference . So when the container was empty , I threw the whole thing away . BIG MISTAKE . Because he had been calmer , I did n't realize what a difference there was between the kitten BEFORE Feliway and the kitten DURING . Oh my gosh , in the matter of about two weeks after Feliway , he went from being a relatively decently behaved cat -LRB- which I had attributed to his growing up -RRB- and the terror I had put up with before . Now Feliway may not work this way for everyone , but it makes a huge difference in my cat.So if you 're having a behavior problem , its definitely worth trying . I 'm back to using Feliway , and I plan to continue using it until my baby brat turns gray!One more thing , I have a 1800 square foot house , and one plugin seemed to do the trick , so maybe that will give you an idea of how many you need !
 Our vet recommended this product after we discussed other options -LRB- Kitty Xanax -RRB- I wanted to give Feliway a try before I went to meds and it worked !!! From the second I plugged it in , I noticed our cat sniffing in the air . He became less and less territorial as the days went on.I purchased a can of the spray as well and took another stray pregnant cat to the vet . One spray inside the carrier and she was calm -LRB- still not happy about going to the vet , but calm -RRB- . Re-ordered some refills . This will be in my home as long as there are cats inside !
 I was really skeptical about this product but also becoming desperate . I was trying to integrate a -LRB- spayed -RRB- female rescue kitten in with my male and older female -LRB- all neutered and spayed -RRB- cats . My older female and the kitten were acting out , ruining all my rugs , peeing on floors , etc. . I plugged in the diffusers and , to my surprise , noticed an almost immediate difference . The cats were definitely calmer . It did take a few weeks for all the unacceptable behavior to stop but the worst of it stopped almost immediately . I also purchased a can of the spray to keep the behavior from spreading to my couches and carpeting and to spray directly on the areas they fouled earlier but I stopped using that after a couple of weeks . The diffusers are done and I did not need to order a refill for this purpose . I wish I had known about Feliway when I moved the kitties cross country . Although they did not misbehave , I know it would have calmed them and helped them through the stress of the relocation . I will order refills in the future if needed .
 My shy older cat -LRB- neutered male -RRB- is calmer now . The only problem is when the diffuser bottle runs out he gets extra jumpy until I put a refill in .
 if it works . I bought this for my cat this summer . He 's got a funny personality and likes to be alone . He hates to be touched and sometimes can be angry if you do . I bought this hoping he would turn into the miracle pet everyone wants . The cuddly loving type . LOL ! Well that did n't happen . I 'm not sure if I noticed any change in his behavior at all . It 's really a matter of personality in his case , not anger or fear . I gave it 4 stars because I 'm sure it 's a great product as it seems to work for everyone else . But I DID notice a smell . Similiar to basic soap , like when you buy bubbles . It can be strong , and I do n't like it . I have noticed he is around me more now that I 've stopped using it . I used it merely to see if it would make my cat a happier one , but he 's just a typical Garfield ! I love him regardless !
 The first time we tried a Feliway diffuser , there was no improvement , and we had to put our anxious and aggressive cat on medication . That did n't go well , so we decided to try the Feliway again , but this time we also purchased the Cat Vs. Cat book.Cat Vs. Cat goes on and on about the problems of spraying and aggression , and it also gave lots of information about how to use the Feliway correctly . The insights offered in the book made all the difference . It was helpful in distinguishing between stress spraying and inappropriate urination -- two really different problems with different solutions.It took a couple of months to really get the problems in a multiple cat household straightened out , but now we rarely have an incident . We use the spray only occasionally except for periods when we are away on vacation . At that time we have the diffusers in the main rooms going , and the person feeding the cats uses the spray daily . We come home to no problems . This has really been a stress reliever for the humans as well as the cats.Feliway is a great product , but you really need either Cat Vs. Cat or a veterinarian who will go over the entire process with you to make it a success .
 I have been using this product for close to a month now for my cat 's problem . It has been recommended by the vet , along with Busperone to help with litter box aversion . The product advertises its beneficial effects with urination problems but it seems to be working for my cat 's problem as well . He has no trouble going in his box to urinate but not for his bowel movements which seems to be unusual . I have ordered more refills to continue this treatment until the problem is completely solved .
 I think it helps my kitty to relax . It 's hard to tell because he 's so moody to begin with , but he 's been a little more pleasant since I plugged this thing in . Only drawbacks are that it leaves an oily residue on things around it .
 We had 6 cats -LRB- all female -RRB- and everything was going along quite well until my daughter moved back in with her three female cats . All of a sudden , several of them were spraying -LRB- marking territory -RRB- all over the house . Our pleasant home was smelling like a poorly kept-up catbox ! This was recommended to us by our vet . We put in several of the Comfort Zone Fewliway diffusers and , while it has n't completely stopped the spraying , it has considerably cut it back and eliminated it in some rooms . This is not a cure-all , but it 's certainly a help .
 We adopted two cats -- Abyssinian brothers . They settled in here very nicely but the big brother eventually developed a habit of over-grooming . He would create just awful looking bare patches or areas of fur that were chewed down to very short stubble -- usually on his back , forelegs or belly.We tried everything our vet suggested -- food for allergic cats , more attention to playtime , different bedding , excessively clean environment and NOTHING worked . Only a periodic shot gave any relief but it never completely eliminated the over-grooming and was an ordeal in itself every few months.As a last ditch effort we tried the Feliway diffuser . HALLELUJAH ! It eliminated the over-grooming and all his fur grew back ! I wish our vet had been conscientious enough to suggest trying this in the first place since it sure beats the daylights out of those expensive -LRB- not to mention side effects -RRB- steroid shots . We only wish buying volume on the refill yielded a better discount .
 So ... I purchased this product from a local Pet Supplies Plus ... Sort of ` on a whim ' ... The reason for my purchase was to calm one of our 3 cats who recently had a traumatic experience involving myself -LRB- also traumatized by the experience ... -RRB- ... my partner -LRB- who plays with our cats more than I -RRB- had to work overnight ... And so I ended up sleeping on his side of the bed because of the alarm clock location ... At approximately 5:30 am , one of my cats startled me and I knee-jerk reacted by pushing him away ... He hissed at me and came at me ... Which further freaked me out ... So I shoved him again and he again hissed and ran at my face ... So I jumped out of bed and ran out of the room , closing the bedroom door as quickly as I could -LRB- I was really freaked out -RRB- ... He tried to run after me and caught his leg in the door slightly -LRB- it only startled him - he is fine - he is not hurt -RRB- ... Anyhow ... He hissed and growled at me for about 2 hours following that incident -LSB- I was afraid he had somehow contracted rabies or some other vicious scourge -LRB- weird , as he is strictly an indoor cat , as are the other 2 -RRB- ; however , I soon realized that he was but traumatized ... Probably more than I had been - he is usually a very loving , friendly sort of being , although afraid of most tall slender objects - including walking sticks , vacuums , steam machine , etc. -RSB- ... He continued to growl when in the general vicinity of the incident mentioned above ... So I journeyed to my favorite local pet store to purchase a ` cat calming spray ' ... This product was on sale and the store did n't have any sprays , so I purchased this item ... it 's been plugged in for about 6 hours now ... And he is completely comfortable in the area that he had previously been terrified of ... Additionally , one of the other cats who we 're constantly trying to keep from scratching door mouldings , has not done so ... He 's also very OCD in general , always spending 3-5 minutes covering his business in the box ... Crying when one of us is out on the patio . . And frequently walking around the apartment aimlessly ... He has n't done any of these things for the past few hours ... It 's quite amazing for us ... and the third cat , who is very hyperactive -LRB- she often jumps up in doorways , sometimes touching the top of the doorway -RRB- ... Knocks stuff over all the time ... While she is still playful , she has not been as rambunctious as she usually is ... This is an amazing product for us so far ! I 'm very happy with it and would purchase it again in a heartbeat ... -LRB- unless something changes soon - as the experience is still very new to us yet -RRB- ... 5 stars well deserved for this product ! -LRB- if even for one night 's well-rest -RRB- : -RRB-
 We tried several products and procedures to help keep our multiple cats from spraying and urinating , but this is the first product that works ! It 's simple to use , although it works best if any soiled areas are thoroughly cleaned . I would recommend it to anyone with a `` problem cat '' .
 I have 2 male cats & 1 female . The oldest male cat had recently began deficating on the hall carpet just outside his litter box . In an effort to deter this , I had tried a number of things to no avail . In desperation I found the Comfort Zone Plug-in and decided to give it a try . I ca n't say for sure that this item alone has fixed the problem , but the male cat is no longer creating a mess on the carpets ! The only problem that I would note is that the plug-in does tend to get very hot and begins to smell as though its ready to catch on fire . We would unplug it from time to time to be sure we did n't have any trouble .
 I must qualify this by saying I have a sociopathic cat that is very tempermental and uses the living room carpet as his marquee sign to communicate with me . Because of that , I have two Feliway diffusers and they have significantly cut down on his spraying . It has n't stopped altogether , but at this point a reduction is good news . So , I would recommend this product .
 My cat has not been spraying as much , but he still occasionally sprays areas that the infuser is close to .
 I bought this when my new kitten did n't get along with my other 2 kitties . Though it took a while to work , about 30-40 days , it did work , and now the kitty that no one liked is my little tabby 's best buddy !! My Siamese still does n't like the new kitty though , but I think that 's just because she is the Queen of the house and sees the new kitty as competition for Mommy 's love . . hahaha ... anyways , this item works , just be prepared to go through at least 1 refill before you see results .
 Recently moved into a new home with my 3 cats . 1 of them has a problem with marking his territory . We moved a 5 year old large dog in a couple day later and the territorial cat made friends within a couple days and has not marked anything even once . Prior to this he would have FREAKED if any other animal came into the home . I used the diffuser in conjunction with the Felliway spray .
 This product worked great ! We were having problems with one of our cats running away after we moved -LRB- three times he ran away -RRB- . After purchasing the Feliway and putting them around the house , he has calmed down and has n't run away again .
 I was skeptical about this product but bought it anyway at the urging of our vet . Well , within 24 hours both of my cats are completely different ! They are both more calm and no more using my bed as a litter box ! One cat was always afraid of everything , particularly going downstairs . So I bought another one of these and plugged it in downstairs and WAH LA ! Now I have two cats downstairs sitting in the sunny window ! The dog and I do not smell anything , but apparently the cats do ! Well worth it !
 I was skeptical about buying this type of product but my cats love it ! It totally works ! I just moved into a new house with a friend and her 2 cats and my girl cat would not come out of my room at all . I put the diffuser in our living room and now she comes out . It also made the other cats super friendly and happy .
 I have nine cats who have all managed to get along until recently . I had some remodeling done , which may have upset them , but also my 14 year old male cat was overthrown as pride leader by my youngest male cat . The vet gave me a few suggestions , the most important of which was for me to quit taking sides in their disagreements and recognize the younger cat as the new dominant cat . Once I did that , the marking and fighting among all 9 cats reduced by about 75 % . The second thing she had me do was add the Feliway diffusers . I bought three and put them in the main rooms where the marking was happening . I also bought the spray . I have followed their recommendations on cleaning and how often to spray etc very closely . I am very pleased to report that in just under two weeks , things are almost back to normal . I do think the Feliway has helped , as when I did n't use it as faithfully in the first days , I had cats marking those areas . I 'm still doing a spray 2-3 times a day near the areas where they were marking and as long as I do that , they do not mark.I 'm giving this a 4 star for now , but I 'm going to follow the recommended 30-90 days and see how it goes . I will be very grateful if I 'm able to keep all my beloved brats AND not have them destroy the house .
 I ca n't say for certain that Feliway stopped my 18 year old cat from her nightly yowling , but it certainly seems like it is much less and not as loud . We were becoming frantic from lack of sleep because of the nightly and wee hour of the morning yowling . That 's why I decided to try this product . Each day we feel like it has made a difference . It is plugged into an outlet in the bedroom where we sleep and we shut the door almost all the way . The feliway runs all night . As a matter of fact , we are on our refill bottle and I am going to order more . If you are as desperate as we were , it 's worth trying .
 My son 's fiance recently moved in with him , bringing her four cats . A day before their arrival we put one Farnam diffuser on each of the three floors . The cats demonstrated no stress or nervousness at all and from day one they had no accidents outside the litter box . They continue to be extremely laid back and friendly a month later . I 'd say the Farnam works great .
 This diffuser is always in use in my home and helps my anxious cat enjoy life more with other pets , which makes our life easier too .
 Both of my cats love to wake me up multiple times nightly to be fed and for attention . Desparate for some sleep , Feliway was recommended by several friends . I think that it 's helping to some degree . One of the issues is that in larger rooms it is less effective and plugging them in everywhere for maximum effect is just too costly . I will stick with it , though , as any additional sleep is priceless !
 As a frequent skeptic , when my girlfriend first told me about this product and how it would soothe our 4-month old kitten when he becomes frenetic , I readily admit that I was in mostly disbelief . Our little Eli is an adorable Maine Coon but prior to purchasing this product , he frequently would become excitable to the point of biting , often while we were asleep . He seemed immune to our wishes that he stop . We tried playing dead , clapping , and nothing worked until this product -- whose science I know little of -- was plugged into the wall , and just a short while later , we began to see a calmer kitty . Now , after a few weeks of use , Eli has chilled considerably and is sleeping by my side as I type this . I would prefer not to have to rely on any sort of tool to help calm him down -- that 's something I 'd like to think my girlfriend and I could handle without this item . However , it releases soothing pheremones to him , it works , I do n't see any real harm in it as far as I can tell , and so I am extremely pleased with our purchase and glad that it 's working so well . I 'd heartily recommend it .
 I 'm not the infomercial type , and it 's really hard to believe in something that claims to be a `` cat pheromone , '' but this stuff has really worked for our cat . She used to pee on the sofa and on the bed -- she loved comforters and blankets . Now , when there 's a working feliway plugged in , she does n't pee anywhere but the litter box . When it runs out , she starts peeing on stuff again . It 's kind of like clockwork . Is this scientific evidence ? definitely not . Is it worth $ 13 a month to keep my family 's snuggly little friend from making our one bedroom apartment gross ? Yes .
 I bought these diffusers as a last resort to try and combat my two males cats spraying my home/furniture/curtains , etc. . As soon as I received the diffusers and plugged them in , I saw almost an IMMEDIATE change in my kitties ... they were calmer , nicer to each other , and actually sitting next to one another ... a miracle . Spraying had almost stopped -LRB- with the exception of two times , but there is a stray outside wandering my back yard which is causing my kitties to be more anxious -RRB- HOWEVER , as soon as the liquid ran out , I can see the old behavior coming back , so it 's a MUST to keep the diffusers in use at all times , which may get pricey with the refills , but to me it 's WELL worth it .
 We have a 9 year old cat that would urinate on anything left on the floor and had licked her back legs hairless . After more than two years and finding nothing medically wrong , we were at the end of our rope . I ordered this on the recommendation of a vet friend . I was afraid that this behavior was too ingrained to be solved , we have been dealing with it a long time , but lately it was getting unmanageable.The unit swivels to fit whichever way your outlet goes . We placed ours in the living room , where she spends most of her time . By the third day I was holding my breath and praying that out pee-less house was n't a fluke . It was n't . We are three weeks in and she has only urinated outside the box once.I do think some of her problems are due to another cat in the household , but this has been a saving grace for us . She is obviously calmer and hopefully her hair grows back soon.I know this wo n't work for every cat , but it does work for most , I say it is worth the 20.00 gamble .
 I rescued a stray male black cat , but already have 4 young cats , 3 males 1 female -LRB- big house , 3 litterboxes , not a cat hoarder -RRB- . Plan to put him up for adoption . After he healed up and I gradually let him in the main house , all but my alpha-black male cat were ok with him . The alpha refused to even come into my bedroom anymore or to his cat tree once the new male was there ... alpha cat would growl and warble even within 10 feet of new cat . This stuff had arrived a few days earlier so I decided to plug it in my room near the tree , and there was a response within several hours . Alpha cat not only entered the room , but he stopped making noises and fixating on the new cat , and even began playing in the room . He got within a few feet of new cat and just looked at him , no posturing or noise . This transferred to when they were out of the room together as well . They do n't exactly love each other , but I am very pleased with this quick change in behavior ... no way it was a fluke or accident . Curious to see how it develops . new guy is being neutered this week , and at that point I will remove the feliway and see what happens.addendum 2/13/13
 On one of our cats this works as advertised and gives the results we were looking for . The other cat is a complete tool who has dedicated 5 of his 9 lives to pissing us off but even he has slowed some of his irritating ways . Not as answer for every cat but the magic solution when it connects
 Our cat was very anxious . She would hide if people came over and pee on the furniture . Since we started using Feliway along with a scented collar , that behavior has completely stopped . We will definitely be reordering !
 Bought several of these to plug in all over , to help with male cat spraying/bad litter box manners problem . Things seem to have improved , but do n't know how much of it has to do with the diffuser , and what can be attributed to extra litter boxes being installed . Will update after more time has passed . I will say though , it certainly did n't hurt anything , and I have noticed that my usually worried lad has been much more tranquil .
 So after using this for a while my anti-social cat seems more comfortable coming out of the back bedroom . The only change in the front room has been installing this diffuser so I have to assume this isworking .
 I had moved into a new home , and initially I thought my cat was taking it well . He seemed somewhat normal the first few weeks in the new home , but then I realized that in subtle ways he was kind of stressed out . He was being more restless at night and in the morning , and every time I came home he was desperate for attention -- and not in the normal affectionate cat way -- he would n't leave me alone at all when I was at home . I thought he would settle down after a while , but the need for constant attention continued -- I could n't sit down in my house without him being right in my face and on my lap at all times ! In retrospect , I think he was just in need of constant reassurance from me in the new environment.The last straw came when I caught him spraying the wall in the living room ! I was shocked when I saw it . My cat has never sprayed before and I 've had him 3 years now . The only other time he has ever had an accident was when he was sick with an infection . But it was definitely spraying and not illness b/c it was clearly against the wall and it was not the straining to urination that I have seen when he had his infection . I was really upset because it was a brand new home . I cleaned up his urine -LRB- very important to completely rid the area of the smell otherwise they will mark it again ! -RRB- and then remembered how in the office of our old vet how they kept a feliway diffuser in the exam rooms that seemed to have a calming effect on the cats . I went out to buy one of them . I plugged in the diffuser close to the spot where my cat had marked and waited . At first nothing seemed to happen . My cat was still demanding constant reassurance , but he did not mark again . It helped also that he had marked right outside his litter box , so I replaced his litter box with a new open one -LRB- the old one was closed -RRB- . Fast forward 3 days - I would say my cat is beginning to chill out . Yes , he is still a little demanding with the attention , but it 's not quite as desperate before . He seems more relaxed at night . He is showing some of his old independence and confidence like he was before - he will even sit quietly by himself sometimes . The package says it can take up to 30 days to really see your cat mellowed , and I think for the reviewers that say this product does not work to give it some time . Your cat wo n't necessarily become a whole new cat , but it does seem to take the edge off of a stressed cat . I can certainly see a difference in 3 days and I look forward to seeing him return to his old personality in the next month or so . I will definitely keep buying this product to use for the next 90 days as recommended by the package .
 Things to consider : - We live in a studio - We only have one cat - We do n't have kids - Our cat was part of a Trap and Neuter program - Our cat was part of a feral colony that a couple of people tried to poison , but was rescued and placed into a shelter since he was young enough.Experience with Feliway : Behavior before Feliway : - Hiding 24/7 - Fearful and stressed - Scratching without warning - Never approached us - Never played with toysWe recently adopted a fixed , male , semi-feral , 8-month old kitten named Felix at the end of July 2012 . When he first arrived , he had accidents , rarely ate , hid under the couch and constantly scratched if you got too close to the couch . It was a nightmare , but we patiently waited as we learned that semi-feral cats need a lot of adjusting . A month later , he was finally eating and using his litter regularly , but the hiding and scratching continued . After looking in pet stores and online for a calming aid , I decided to try out Feliway since it was n't too crazy on my wallet and with a Prime account , I had free shipping.Item arrived on time , appropriately packaged and had easy-to-follow instructions . So I plugged it in and left it alone.One week after Feliway : - Hiding only when we were around - Fearful and less stressed - Scratching stopped , replaced with hissing , which is preferable as it is the appropriate cat 's warning for us to back off - Never approached us - Started playing with toys -LRB- A LOT -RRB- One month after Feliway : - Significantly less hiding -LRB- only when he was tired of playing or we had company over -RRB- - No more stress , but still showed signs of fright for us - Less hissing and more walking away - Would lay down/sit near us while watching TV/reading - Continued intensity for playing with toysAt this point , there was so much improvement in such little time , I decided to buy a replacement and another diffuser!Two months on Feliway : - Hides when he wants to rest -LRB- as most cats do -RRB- , but is always out and about now ! - Stress-free ! - Allows us to pet him ! - Comes out when company is present but does n't like to be touched or called out toI would definitely recommend giving it a try for your cat . It 's not too expensive to try and it could be the best thing you 've ever spent your money on -- I know it was for me . I had my doubts about our cat ever being socialized , but with the help of Feliway , those doubts are gone.A few cons about Feliway : - Diffuser seems to have a hard time filling up a room . We live in a studio , which was small enough , but clearly not small enough for the Feliway . The instructions do say to place it where the cat frequents . - Diffuser gets hot intensely and rapidly , which was the source of a couple of uncomfortable accidents , but nothing serious.Pros : - Feliway recommends 90 days of usage , so after our 3rd replacement , I plan on stopping the use of Feliway . - See above changes in our cat : -RRB-
 I bought Feliway because my male cats started fighting with each other after I had my first baby . They were getting pretty aggressive with each other and one of them started to spray different areas of the house . I bought Feliway -LRB- spray and diffuser -RRB- and it really helped calm the situation . Both of the cats relaxed a lot . It was n't enough on it 's own to stop my cat from spraying -LRB- for that , we had to put the cat on Prozac , believe it or not -RRB- , but it did make both cats feel a lot more relaxed and has stopped the aggression . By using some behavioral techniques and meds -LRB- for the spraying cat -RRB- , combined with the feliway , the unwanted behaviors have complete stopped . I definitely recommend this product to people with cat `` issues . ''
 So far it seems to be working pretty well but the Feliway says it takes about a month to show improvement .
 Very fast shipping and I think it 's working if not on the cat 's I feel more relaxed.I just wish it lasted a little longer than 30 days but other than that good stuff .
 Nice price , I have seen some difference in behavior , mainly from our newest cat who we took in 6 months ago . Less shy , less stressed .
 This product has come really far since its introduction years ago . I had a cat that recently passed away that was very skittish . This new product in diffuser form was a God Sent ! It worked almost immediately with my cats . They seem to calm right down . I would suggest to anyone who is experiencing anxiousness or behavioral problems with their cats to give this product a try . I am sure you will not be disappointed .
 The diffuser/plug-in seems to have really calmed our manic cat down . It could be that he just got used to a more loving environment , but the change was too sudden for that . This wired-up cat is just about normal now ! Truly a joy !
 I read some of the previous reviews on this product and it seems it works very good or not at all . In my case it works amazingly well . I have two Bengal cats , neutered male and a female I want to breed in about a year . Well the female came in to heat . She was making some really weird noises day and night . She started wetting on the floor and then on my bed ! I called the vet who recommended Feliway . I went to the pet store and bought one bottle/diffuser . I came home and plugged in the diffuser , went to work , came home a few hours later . Both cats had undergome personality changes for the better . They were both much calmer , more affectionate and playful . No more weird noises . No more wetting . That 's when got on Amazon and bought four more diffusers to put through out the house . But I have n't had to use them yet . I 'm waiting for a version for humans !
 I 'm the president of a cat rescue group , for Ragdolls . While it 's hard to tell if it works on some cats , we 've had great success , using this with aggressive & scared ones . We can tell when it 's getting low , from the actions of one aggressive cat , in particular . It 's definately worth trying !
 Each year we board my mother 's cat while she is on vacation , and each year so far she has gotten a urinary tract infection from holding in her urine for the first few days . We also get issues with one of my own cats scent marking clean laundry and bedding . This year my mother 's cat never got a UTI , and we have n't had one single scent mark from the other cat . It has n't eliminated all the tension that exists between the cats but it definately makes the visit easier to bear .
 Our adopted , male alley cat who was very cagey and shy at first , seems much more relaxed when we use this product . We are into our fourth bottle/month of it , and each month , I can tell when it is time to change the bottle -LRB- when there is almost no fluid left in the bottom to get into the wick -RRB-
 My cat stopped urinating after plugging in the diffuser . It 's well worth it to not have to worry about pet stains and odor .
 I bought this at the suggestion of my vet . My poor Charlotte was very nervous , not eating , marking my rug , and got to a point where she refused to use the litterbox at all ! I tried so many ways to get her to stop marking with little success . After I plugged in the first diffuser , I absolutely noticed she was more calm , but still marking . I bought a second diffuser , and that did the trick . With the help of special cat litter -LRB- Dr. Esley 's Cat Attract -RRB- and the diffusers , she got back on track . As they state in their information about the product , it took 3 months to see the full effect in her . Today , I could not live without this product.I keep one diffuser by the spot where my cat was marking and one in the next room to cover the downstairs of my home and the places she spends the most time in . Now she is a calm , lovable cat , eating like a champ , and using her litterbox . Let me add after so much peeing on my area rug , I had to throw it away because she was still obsessed by the spot . One year later with the rug gone and the diffusers , she is still a happy cat and I have peace in my house . I will always keep refills of Feliway in the house . Charlotte is my special needs cat and I consider this product to be like her medication , something she will always need . Also , do n't let it run out ! She had a terrible relapse when both of my diffusers ran dry . Check them often because they may not exactly last 30 days .
 We have been using Feliway for 3 years now . It prevents the knock down , drag out battles between 2 of our 4 cats . The bully is mellow and his sister is out of hiding . This also was the least expensive place to purchase our diffuser and the refills . I have researched all over the internet . Also , Amazon was a safe and quick way to order this product .
 We have a multiple cat household ; we have 2 timid cats and one bully . It took about 30 days to see a real difference but the timid cats are much more relaxed now and the bully has n't been so naughty . It 's a calmer household now . We just bought refills and will continue to use this product .
 This keeps the cats form having major fights . I can tell when it runs out and I have to put in another bottle by how the cats act .
 So far so good . I searched for the lowest price and found it at Amazon . I 've never had any problem with Amazon and order from them frequently and will continue to do so . The product is working so far . I know it depends on the cat , and so far he 's responding well .
 This is exactly what my Vet recommended for my cat that was overly grooming , biting , licking & tearing out his abdominal fur . I found it for much less at Amazon.com than at the local Pet stores . As it turns out , it looks like my cat has a yet-to-be-diagnosed skin allergy problem so I am unsure if the product actually helped in this situation , but I will continue to use it at least until everything with my cat is resolved and maybe longer if it helps calm him .
 This product does seem to help , and it certainly is WAY LESS EXPENSIVE to buy it here than it is in the pet store . Be aware - you need to use this at least 3 full months to make a long term change , and use it in all the rooms where you have a problem - for us , that turned out to be almost the entire house ! Also , we finally had to add some anti-anxiety medication from the vet because our cat , who had been doing very well , would revert to spraying everytime he felt too stressed again - such as when we had company.However , overall , this stuff -LRB- and the anti-anxiety meds -RRB- have made the difference between giving away and keeping a beloved cat.I also recommend that you buy or check out at your library a book on cat behavior and learn why your cat is spraying in the first place - this stuff is n't going to fix everything if the source of the problem still exists , but we do have altogether 3 much , much happier cats !
 I have two cats who have lived together for about 18 months . Both were rescues and both had spent considerable time awaiting adoption.My male cat , prior to my adopting him , had spent 5-1/2 months living in a pet store ; when I got him , it was clear he was frazzled by the cat store lifestyle , although the people at the store told me what a great cat he was and how sweet . But when he was new to my home , he meowed in protest any time he was picked up , despite being a great hog for attention if you left him on the floor.He was nervous and jumpy for many months ; he had been between shelters and fosters homes and the pet store , so it was clear he was waiting for his `` lap of luxury '' rug to be yanked out from beneath him . After about 15 months with me he was due for booster shots . He was so stressed out after a couple hours out in the car/at the vet that he started acting out - mounting my female cat -LRB- which I had never seen him attempt before -RRB- , running around the house , hiding atop the tallest cabinets in the kitchen . My biggest concern was obviously his mounting behavior , because that was stressing my female cat out . While neither cat had ever clearly become the `` alpha '' cat in our household , this was an obvious attempt on his part.When he did n't calm down on his own , I started looking for a product to help him so I would n't have to resort to drugs . I saw this at the pet store but found it 50 % cheaper on Amazon . I plugged it in and less than 48 hours later I could see a marked change in his stress and anxiety levels . It took a couple weeks before he quit running after my female cat.The bottle did not last quite a full 4 weeks ; for me , I think it lasted about 25-26 days . By the time I was onto the first refill by about a week , I would have to say
 I have tried so many things to keep my cat from peeing in my son 's bedroom . I had to pull the carpet , replace some of the subflooring and replace with new carpet . Still pottying , in fact , he marked a different spot bcuz he could n't get to the usual spots . At first , I did n't see a difference with the diffuser except that my cat walked really slow in that area . Then I noticed she started peeing in the livingroom again . Then , she went from peeing to pooping in the bedroom . Even though it was much easier to clean up , shit ca n't happen . I did put a diffuser in the LR . I also bought refills . I have n't noticed my cat soiling anywhere he should n't . One night , the cat pooped in the bedroom but I noticed the diffuser was knocked out of the wall . Also , several times a day , he gets these bursts of odd energy , like chasing light switches . Gets very rambunctious . Other times he will lie low , literally .
 Ca n't say enough about this product ! The moment I plugged it in , my cat literally deflated , as if he 'd taken a monster-sized deep breath and all of his stress and anxiety left him as he exhaled!It 's a bit pricey , but SO worth it ! I can actually start resocializing him with other people so I can have company again ! YAY !!!
 The product works well for our cat . Easy to use . Arrived quickly and in perfect condition . We will be purchasing refills once this one runs out .
 When I adopted my kitten , Edison , my 7-year-old cat , Winnifred , initially tolerated him . Then Edison grew to be much bigger than Winnifred , and his playing got too rough . One day Edison bit Winnifred on the back of the neck and hit a nerve that caused her eyelid to droop for a few months . After that , Winnifred holed herself up in my guest room and refused to come out . If Edison came near her she hissed and growled like crazy . She would n't even venture out of the guest room to eat or use the litter box . I followed my vet 's advice and put food and water dishes and a litter box in the guest room , and kept the door closed so Edison could n't get in . Winnifred was happy in her room , but whenever I brought her out she got very tense , and ran back to her room right away . Things went on like this for months , with no sign of Winnifred wanting to rejoin the family in the rest of the house . She would tolerate having her door open , but would n't use the litter box unless it was closed . A few friends recommended Comfort Zone , so I bought it and plugged the diffuser in Winnifred 's room . After a few weeks , I tried bringing her out into the living room , and she was the most relaxed I 'd seen her in months . She did n't try to run back into her room , even when she saw Edison . The next day I left Winnifred 's door open overnight . Ever since , she 's been wandering all over the house , eating in the kitchen , and using the litter box in the bathroom . Even though she 's still scared of Edison , she has n't gone back to hiding in the guest room . She 's back to her old self again , thanks to Comfort Zone ! I do n't think these two cats will be best friends anytime soon , but Comfort Zone has definitely helped them to live peacefully together .
 I ca n't say enough about this product !! I would tell anyone to buy this , it worked wonders for my cat . She was suffering the loss of her litter-mate brother , they had been together almost eleven years . For two months my cat suffered terrible stress-related illnesses , and the first day I tried Comfort Zone Feliway there was a remarkable change in her . She was more relaxed , affectionate , and playful . Over the past month , she also has begun to use her litter box to urinate . I 've had her for almost seven years , and the entire time she would pee next to her box or in front of it , in the carpet . I thought she would just always be a high-maintenance cat . Not anymore ! It 's nothing short of miraculous , she is like a new cat . This is an awesome product .
 I have 5 indoor cats and one has stress issues from time to time . Well after a week of using this she has n't acted out . She was peeing on the floor . Last year she ruined a couch with urine ... She nearly moved out ! But I read about this and figured i would try it ... Well she has been very good and I have just reordered the refills ... I highly recommend this for any cat lovers !!!
 I ca n't believe how well this product worked for us . I have a dog and my boyfriend has two cats . When we moved in together this past June , the cats were terrified of the dog , so we kept the dog downstairs and the cats could come and go . After a couple of months , we got tired of the obstacles in place , and decided to try a more focused approach - all the pets in the same room -LRB- with plenty of cat escape routes -RRB- . A couple days later , I bought this diffuser and plugged it in . The improvement was noticeable within 24 hours ; we estimate it took about 25 % off the top of the cats ' anxiety levels . Within three weeks , the cats who did not want to even be in the same room as the dog were now snoozing together on the couch cushion with the dog sleeping on the floor below . I mean , they 're not cuddling together , of course , but just not having the cats pitch a fit or run & hide every time the dog moves is a great accomplishment.Our biggest goal was to have the cats cuddle with us on the couch and the dog sleeping peacefully on the floor , all in the same room . I thought it would take months to get there , and it happened during the course of the summer Olympic games . During opening ceremonies , the cats were hiding and upset ; by the closing ceremonies , they were cuddling with us on the couch.Thank you , Feliway ! We wo n't even have to buy a refill - I 've already had it unplugged for a week , and everyone is still calm and friendly.Great product . I liked that it came in a diffuser , very convenient . Also , I am sensitive to smell , and could not detect the smell of this .
 We have two female cats in the household -LRB- around 9 years old -RRB- . One is pretty docile , the other ... well , she is a little particular , but not hostile . Every time we move , the particular cat gets really worked up and gets upset over everything . We received the diffuser the morning after we moved , plugged it in and left . When we returned home a couple of hours later , we had our normal cat back . On a scale of 1-10 she was at a 10 before we left -LRB- wide eyed , hissing , and swiping at everyone - scared and aggressive -RRB- , I would say she was at a 4 when we returned -LRB- still more aware than normal , but no more hissing or aggressive behavior -RRB- . I did notice that she is much more touchy feely than usual - following me around and needing a lot of attention . After about a week we unplugged it and everything is back to normal . It usually takes about a month after moving for everything to calm down , so I am thrilled . I would definitely recommend this product to anyone who has a stressed out cat .
 This product is fantastic !! My two cats had been fighting terribly , and once I put two of these diffusers in my home , it was like I had two different cats !! They no longer fight at all !!
 The area where we have put this diffuser has been our cat 's `` favorite '' spot and we have seen no ` indescretions ' since putting this in place . Impressive . Although we just recently have been find some other places in the same room , we found the diffuser emply . Hmmm ... . May be cause and effect . I will certainly refill the diffuser .
 I purchased this product because I recently moved with my cat . I actually have no idea whether its making my cat feel more comfortable , but he did seem to handle the move pretty well , so just from that I will continue to use it .
 Feliway Electric diffusers work wonders in reducing stress in multi-cat households . I highly recommend get several diffusers if you and put them throughout your home .
 My 2 in-door six year old cats , both male and raised together since kittens , were turning agression from outdoor cats toward each other and making my life miserable . The fighting was very scary and had gotten pretty dangerous - to where I was afraid one would lash out at me and I was about to have to make the heartbreaking decision of getting rid of one of the cats . `` Comfort Zone '' was suggested and I ca n't believe the difference in less than a few hours after plugging in the diffuser . UNBELIEVABLE ! The cats are getting along much better - one gets on the verge of a `` snit '' very rarely now after 2 weeks of using the plug-in but where the other cat would take it as a challenge he now backs off . I truly believe the diffuser saved one of their lives . They are so much more relaxed and it 's like being in the house with 2 different cats . One was very anti-social but now seems so much more relaxed . He was always so stressed - the vet had put him on Prozac but I 'm about to take him off the meds as they are difficult to get him to take now and I think he will be okay with just the plug-in . I ca n't praise `` Comfort Zone '' enough and have told several friends with multiple cats how well it works . It 's worth every cent . One wonders why vets do n't recommend the product instead of suggesting `` behaviorists '' at $ 155/hour .
 -- this product saved our lives . Our cats were tearing the place up . Now things are far better . Remarkable !!!
 My vet recommended Feliway when I moved a few years ago -LRB- my female cat was not adjusting well -RRB- . I did not have to use it long so I could not tell if it really worked at the time . Then a few months ago , my male cat started pulling out huge clumps of hair . It got to where the base of his tail was bald & he was starting on his sides & stomach . So I turned to Feliway again . This time I used 2 diffusers & I noticed a difference within a week . The fur-biting has not completely stopped but it is 90 % better , which is amazing ! I notice a difference when I do n't order refills fast enough because within a week , he is pulling fur again . So clearly it is working.I highly recommend this product .
 My cat has always been high strung and just plain mean . She growled , hissed , slapped , bit - you name it . So when someone recommended Feliway to calm her down , I decided to try it , but I did n't hold out much hope . I plugged it in in the master bedroom - her domain and saw an immediate difference . Oh , she still growls sometimes , but she is much more loving and affectionate and seems calmer . Great product !!
 This stuff is wonderful and truely works ... . I brought my Feliway from my vet.I have two adult 8 yr old cats and I introduced a 12 week old puppy and a 6 month old kitty into the house at the same time ! Mistake , yes ... but no choice since they came from the shelter ... . at first the kitty got loose in the house and in a playful way , kept wanting to meet/greet my cats throughout the house and that really mad things bad . The adult cats starting hissing at each other they were so stressed . We finally got the kitty and puppy in cages and isolated them in a room downstairs , but my adults were still very spooked from this exposure on their turf ... . I put a diffuser in the hall close to where they were hiding at noon and that night I could already see that they were coming out from hiding and being socialable with the family . Although still spooked somewhat that night I saw a huge change in 6 hours ... Than in 24 hours an even bigger change because they were coming out to the rest of the house area and were playful . In 48 hrs they were walking around the closed door of the kitty and puppy room and would began to watch the puppy play from the top of the stairs.Seeing my adult cats -LRB- babies -RRB- so stressed was hard ... and I can say that Feliway helped calm them down and accelerate their recovery ... . I plan to keep the cats seperated for another few weeks , but I believe they will are close to meeting the puppy face to face ...
 We recently moved into our newly-built house . With a parade of contractors still coming in and out and the stress of moving , the youngest of our two cats began spraying in the room in which their litter box resides . We bought both the Feliway spray and the room plugin . We sprayed the litter box room and used the plugin out in the room he spends most of his time in.Now both boys had also begun to hiss at each other and not spend any time together . With the use of the spray and plugin , not only did Duncan stop spraying , but he and Yenta now play and sleep together again . Also , both boys are now very affectionate.Please note -- if you 're buying the product to stop spraying , be sure to get ALL the smell out of the affected areas . We used Anti-Icky-Poo spray to clean and remove the urine.All of these products were god-sends and have saved our new home !
 So far so good - new house and no spraying problems for a month .
 My daughter , who has a truly dreadful cat , was going out of town for 2 weeks , which meant trouble . I sent her one of these items , and amazingly , the cat became docile and friendly . We need a lifetime supply . What a product !
 We adopted a crazy cat . We are keeping our crazy cat because we have this plugged in . It works . When it runs out after about 30 days , we do n't even need to look at the calendar . We know we need a new one because the cat starts acting crazy again .
 I live in a cozy apartment with too many cats , including a big , territorial alpha male . After trying everything , I bought a Farnam Comfort Zone Plug-In Diffuser with Feliway , 48 Milliliters . Within 24 hours my alpha male was calmer and less agressive . It has n't done away with all the overcrowding issues , but I no longer have to seperate the cats at night .
 After reading the reviews , and the suggestions to try this , I was so glad that i did ! We have a very aggressive male cat , and he likes to attack other cats in our household . THis product really seemed to calm him down , and make the whole house get along easier ! Which is not always an easy thing when you have 5 kitties running around ! So worth trying ! Wish I had tried it earlier ! I will be purchasing it again ! If you have more than one cat , try it .
 I bought this product on my vet 's recommendation to help alleviate a serious problem with redirected aggression in my two cats . Maggie had begun randomly and viciously attacking her sister Molly after seeing the neighbor 's cat through the window.I had to separate the cats for almost a month and reintroduce them gradually . I ca n't say if the Feliway would have worked without the additional behavioral `` therapy , '' but there 's no question that Maggie calmed down considerably within a week or two of having the diffusers in the house . She stopped pacing nervously at the doors and windows , and the reintroduction sessions began to proceed much more quickly and smoothly . I keep several diffusers going all the time now , and we have n't had any signs of aggression in over three weeks.Inappropriate behavior , including redirected aggression , is one of the prime reasons cats get returned to shelters . This product allowed me to make good on my promise to give my girls a `` forever home . ''
 I purchased this because my older cat was spraying around the house . He is no longer spraying . I only gave it 4 stars instead of 5 because it is expensive , especially if you need to use more than one diffuser in your home on a regular basis .
 I recently moved cross country with my cat -LRB- who 's nervous to begin with -RRB- and bought the feliway diffuser about three weeks before our move . When I first plugged it in my cat strolled around the house smelling in the air with a delighted expression on her face . After that she did n't really notice it , but was very calm . It 's helped , too , on the other end in terms of settling her into the new place . Recommended if you 're going through a transition -LRB- move , new pet , baby -RRB- with a cat . I only ever buy it on amazon because it 's SO expensive everywhere else !
 I have seen great , immediate results in my cat . I HIGHLY recommend this Feliway diffuser , which is about 1/3 of the price of the local Petco -- Amazon ROCKS ! Here 's my situation
 The first day I brought my two mix , nine-week old Bengals kittens home , they started having problems . The first two days one of them was pooping anywhere and meowing at a loud volume at all times of the day and night . The other was skittish . This is expected when two kittens leave their mother for the first time , but the pooping was bothersome . I actually thought I might have to return one . A coworker has four cats and one was an older Bengal mix . She said that after a week of the diffuser in the wall socket , the cat calmed down and did n't attack the other cats or complain . I immediately went to a Petsmart and bought the diffuser . It looks just like a ` Glade ' air freshener and simply plugs into a wall socket . There is no smell or odor.After one day - ONE DAY - of being on , the two kittens stopped crying and used the litter box . No more accidents . They also became much friendlier towards me . That 's when I went on-line and immediately bought a refill . If this synthetic pheromone can calm down a couple of wild feral Bengal mixes , it can calm any cat . I am not even going to try having them without the Feli-way diffuser . This stuff is so worth the money . My kittens are now affectionate and calm . This is a great product . Expect one refill to last about one month .
 Thank you , thank you , thank you . This stuff really works.I was at my wits end . My 7 year old male persian cat had started urinating outside of his litter box for the last 4 months or so , and it was driving me crazy . I did not know what I was going to do , as I love him , and letting him go was not an option.I adopted another small persian cat about 6 months ago , and although it appeared they were getting along , I started noticing my older cat was starting to urinate outside of the litter box.I took him to vet on several occasions , he had a urinalysis and x-rays , so fortunately , it was not a medical issue , but more a behavior problem . He had always been so mild , sweet and friendly in the past . Also I should note , his former cat mate , my 17 year old female persian passed away in Jul 09 , and they had been together for almost 7 years , so I think he may still have been missing/grieving her.I ordered this product on Friday , 30 Apr 2010 , and received it on 1 May 2010 . As soon as the package arrived , I put the plug-ins , I bought 2 of them , in the areas where I keep the litter box , and one where my cat usually spends alot of time . I had them plugged in for about 2 hours , and I immediately noticed a difference . Both of my cats seemed to be so much calmer , friendly , just overall `` relaxed . `` I am so thankful , he has been going to the litterbox , ever since . No more problems , so far.This product is a life saver , you must at least give it a try . I prayed it would work for me and my cats , and my prayer was answered . I was cleaning the floor constantly , at least 3 - 4 times a day , when my cat was stressed . So this product has truly been a God sent blessing.I hope your experience will be as rewarding as mine has . I will be ordering refills in about a week , to have on hand , and I do n't plan on ever being without it . -LRB- smile -RRB-
 I purchased this product because I have 4 male cats and I was introducing a fifth cat , a female cat that I rescued and that two of my cats were n't accepting well . I ca n't really tell that I can see a difference while using this product , but my vet swears that it works in her work ...
 This is twice as much money at PetSmart , which is where I bought it because i needed it now . Get this before you bring a new cat home so you save some money . I 'm pretty ticked that I spent so much for it.We 're going to try it , I had to give it a rating . We 're only going to have it plugged in while we 're not at home and see how things calm down after it runs out before we get refils . Things are ok , just new cat is bothering the old one , and old cat is n't eating well . We 're hoping to reduce some stress and since it 's not a terrible problem , hoping this one dose will calm her down and by the time it runs out , she 'll be used to the new kitten .
 Feliway has been the answer to my cats problems . I wish I discovered it a couple rugs and years earlier !
 This has decreased the amount of screeching battles between my male cat and new arrival quite a bit . The new one still does not like him , but the old cat does n't seem to stalk the new one as much and he has significantly reduced his spraying to mark his territory .
 This is kind of a tough review to write because I did n't buy it for myself , but rather for a friend whose cat is 17 years old and has been keeping her up all night howling . The vet ca n't find anything wrong with the cat -LRB- thyroid checked out fine -RRB- that would cause the howling , but I heard that as they get old , cats can get senile too . Another friend of mine bought this stuff for her cats and she said they are much more relaxed and less uptight -- especially whenever a visitor is over . She had one cat that used to hide under the couch the whole time anyone was there , but now it just lays there on the floor like a big bearskin rug without a care in the world . Anyway , the friend I bought the stuff for said that her cat is n't starting the howling until after 2am -LRB- before it started around 11 am -RRB- , so if it 's really helping , she 's grateful because she 's getting a little more sleep . Based upon that , and my other friend 's comments about how it 's made her cats less nervous , I think it 's a good product to try if your cat has issues that ca n't be pinpointed to any medical problems .
 We were very skeptical . One of our cats would mark certain spots -LRB- like corners -RRB- occassionaly . But we had no idea that he was daily marking the area rug in our living room ! It got so bad that we had to discard the rug . We tried Boundary spray which would keep him away from the usual corner spots for a day , but the one time we forgot to spray , he would mark again . We were at our wits end and decided to try Feliway . We bought two diffusers and placed them near his usual marking spots . At first we also used the Boundary , but eventually we stopped using the spray and noticed that we did n't see any urine markings anymore . It took a few months but we can honestly say that the product seems to work . Our cat even appears more calm and pleasant . We make sure that we replace the container of Feliway every 5 weeks or so . It 's well worth the money .
 We recently moved , and our two cats were having a few anxiety issues while adjusting to the new apartment . One cat , usually friendly and playful , would hide anytime a new person came into the apartment . The other cat , usually very docile , was being overly aggressive during `` play time '' with the other cat and with us.After buying the Comfort Zone plug-in , we noticed a gradual change in their behavior over about a week . Both cats seemed more relaxed and their behavior was more normal - more friendly and playful , less anxious and aggressive.The only reason not to give 5 stars is because the description says one plug-in vial will last 4 weeks , but the vial was nearly empty after only 2 weeks and completely empty after 3 . But maybe there was more in the diffuser even though the vial had no liquid left . It is hard to judge when the plug-in actually ran out because the cats ' behavior did not change , even after I unplugged the diffuser .
 I have a cat and he was spraying and scratching and this is why I bought this . He is not spraying and is still scratching , but I have to give it time to be effective .
 It took about 3 weeks to really start working but my 10 + year old born feral cat has had an amazing transformation . She had to move with me through my divorce which caused tons of hard to deal with behavior . After three years with me she stayed at my old condo when the ex moved back in and I moved to be closer to work . After about six months he needed me to take her back and of course she started peeing in various locations and leaving little smelly gifts under the dining table.A friend of mine recommended this product so I was all in . The first week there was no change . The second week she started peeing in the litter box but still leaving solids under in various locations . Somewhere between the 3rd and 4th week she just simply stopped doing those things . Now she uses the litter box 100 % of the time.In addition , she has become a cuddler . This is seriously new behavior . I can put up with the drooling on my legs to see how mellow she has become and how much happier . She is still crazy psychotic scardy cat for most things and a big ball of freaky energy in the morning but I can tell she is happier and healthier . Just ordered refills , I am a believer !
 this product appears to be working ... fingers still crossed , however so far so good the cat has not revisited her &#34; favorite &#34; spots ...
 We adopted a 2-year-old cat that had been a stray , and she was extremely nervous in her new home . It took us a couple of weeks to buck up and buy Feliway diffusers because they 're expensive and we were n't sure they would work , but we felt so bad for our poor cat &#8212; she was almost always trembling , and spent most of her day under the bed . She did n't even feel comfortable eating &#8212; the slightest noise or movement would send her running back to the bedroom to hide . So we bought two Feliway diffusers , and put one in the kitchen by her food , and one in the living room . It took almost a week , but wow , what a change ! Now our cat is acting like she owns the place , running around and cuddling with us all day long.I 'm sure time had some effect on her comfort level here , but it 's surely no coincidence that she felt so much better just a week after plugging in the Feliway diffusers .
 I have several cats in the house so I understand feline &#34; nervousness . &#34; This product tended to soothe the ruffled feathers .
 The item I bought got here much faster than I thought it would . And in great condition . I 've since purchased other items from them.Thanks !
 Finally a way to spray oil on a salad without using too much ! Nice design of the container ~ you could put it out on the table for company ! The only drawback is having to pump it each time you want to use it , but not a big deal at all , since I am generally the only one who uses it . I would recommend it .
 This is Sally before , and after three weeks of Feliway :1 -RRB- Petrified of people walking close by . A little better .2 -RRB- Not on good terms with her littermate
 I just began using this product . I really like it . I have two cats and am introducing a new 6 month old kitten . They are still just behind opposite doors so based on the new smell my orange cat got very upset . She 'd hiss at everything or everyone in the house and sometimes would go screaming through the house . Since my two resident cats are litter mates it was stressful to see them not get along . -LRB- redirected aggression -RRB- As I researched , another cat owner suggested this so I went ahead and tried the produce because what could I lose?I 'm so happy ! Maybe because my cat 's problem is stress/anger , it 's only been one week since bringing the kitten in , this product began working in about 30 min . We were all amazed . By the end of the evening she was playing , having pretend adventures , and laying close to my black cat . She might hiss every once in a while but I 'm hoping this will lessen as I continue use . I really like the plug in and since it covers about 500 sq/ft , I 'm going to buy another one for my bedroom . I think it will help all the cats when I begin introducing the new cat by sight .
 My male cat had been marking ever since we got a new tenant , and nothing helped . I was afraid I was going to have to give him up , and I knew he was probably not adoptable - he did n't warm up to many people.I stumbled upon Feliway when reading up on marking , and decided to give it a try , although I was skeptical . I bought the plug in first.Almost immediately , the cat stopped marking - and he had been doing it 2-3 times a night , ruining quite a few things in the process . He did mark once , so I purchased the spray , as well . Since then he has marked a couple of times upstairs where there is no Feliway , but otherwise , no marking.Not only that , but he developed a new personality . Prior to Feliway he was always hiding - probably because of my two dogs . He is now out and about a lot , sleeping on a chair in the living room , actually sitting on my lap and purring for half an hour . He is just not the same cat he was before in a GOOD way . My dogs do n't seem to like his new personality , but I do.I can not say enough about this product , and what it has done for my cat . It 's an added expense , yes , but my cat is well worth it . My husband has nothing to complain about anymore , I do n't have to wonder what valuable thing he has ruined anymore , and best of all , I keep my cat . Miracle is really the only word I can think of !
 I have two cats and one occasionally decides it 's time to beat up his smaller brother . The vet wanted both cats to be put on tranquilizers but medicating them became a twice daily horror show . My cat-sitter suggested using this product and so far -LRB- a year + -RRB- we 've had significant results for the better .
 The scenario
 We were in the process of selling our home and all of the people coming through was quite stressful to one of our cats . He began spraying . Another cat , Angel , has always been `` skittish '' and not real approachable . The Feliway Plug-In worked quickly ... no more spraying and miss Angel more relaxed and approachable . I love it ! I will be buying more to place in our new home -LRB- when we find one ! -RRB- to facilitate an easier transition for the cats to their new home .
 I used Comfort Zone three -LRB- 3 -RRB- years ago when my former feral cat saw my neighbor 's cats roaming outdoors - it helped her then and I was able to stop using it after 6 months or so . I think a lot of people give up on it before it starts working . Yes , some people claim they notice a change in 7 days or less , but you REALLY have to give it 4 weeks to notice a significant change . Most of the time you wo n't need to use it the rest of your cat 's life , sometimes you do.Now due to a recent emergency room visit with my oldest cat -LRB- she suffered a stroke -RRB- , my former feral cat was upset with changes made to my home while my oldest cat recuperates . I also purchased a new litter box in this same time period and my feral may have become upset over this change , too . She developed cystitis - in addition to a vet visit for the cystitis , I had to get the diffusers out again . It 's working for them now as it did in 2008/2009 . ** And Very Important ** The review I wrote 3 years ago I stressed the fact to avoid the Feliway sold in the blue/purple boxes . If I remember correctly , it was made by Ceva . I tried that brand and the wicks dried up in less than a week even though there was still plenty of the pheromone liquid in the container . Thinking I 'd been unlucky and received defective refills , I contacted Ceva and they sent me replacements from a different lot number . Those did the same thing . PLEASE -- only buy the Comfort Zone brand , you are wasting your time and money on the other Feliway . Comfort Zone comes in the pink boxes , and I see now they have redesigned their packaging , but it 's still pink and white . And no , I do not work for Comfort Zone .
 It makes cats and kittens feel SAFE . I had to introduce a 4 week old feral kitten to my household of two 13 year old cats , cats who had strong and well-established attitudes , no less . This worked very well to calm the kitten down . The adult cats were purring and playing right along with the kitten . It makes cats `` happy . '' This is an excellent product for stressed-out cats . It is an imitation cat facial pheremone that mimics the smells that cats place throughout a home . There is no noticable smell to humans . The diffuser gets warm when plugged in , but that appears to be a normal function . A little goes a long way . In my case , it worked overnight . As an alternative , you can also try the `` spray bottle '' option called `` no stress '' by Nature 's Miracle . I rolled up a washcloth , bound it with a rubber band and put just a little spray on it and threw it in the center of the room . A week later , with no additional sprays , the cats still play with it and carry it around the house .
 I have a great cat named Carl . Neutered male , age 11 years . Awesome , but long-time solo king of the house . We recently adopted a cute little kitten , Carly , from the SPCA . Carl could n't stand her and sprayed , sprayed , sprayed -LRB- 18 times in the hall ! -RRB- He was depressed and hid in our closet for hours and no longer `` talked '' to us . He was one mad , sad cat . I thought we would have to return the little girl to the SPCA . I researched , found this product Farnam Comfort Zone Plug-In Diffuser 48 mill . and plugged it in . within 48 hours Carl was talking , rubbing against my legs and rejoined the family . A month later he is tolerating Carly and sleeping near her . I even caught them chasing each other -LRB- nicely -RRB- ! The Plug-In went dry and I did n't notice and Carl pooed outside the box and was surly . I plugged in my refill and the next day ... mellow boy again ... Wow .
 Our rescue cat has some issues . We have a new puppy , and she was n't being very nice to her . And she 's rarely nice to us for longer than a few minutes at a time.Package arrived on friday at 11am . I plugged it in , and left for a couple hours . I come home to a cat I do n't recognize . I picked her up and there was a noticeable difference in her tension level . Her claws stayed retracted and I was able to hold her until I wanted to put her down . This is not usually the case.It took another 18 hours or so before she started playing with the puppy . It scared me at first because I thought she was going to attack her , but she kept her claws in and played with her until long past the puppy wanted to play anymore.So I do n't really know what else to say . I 'm pretty blown away in the improvement , it 's almost too much to believe . It 's only been a couple of days , so we 'll see how it continues to work , but so far I am very happy with this product . I 'm back to buy more for the rest of the house . So far I only have the one .
 I do n't know how this stuff works , seems like magic . I was living with these two cats , one mine and one my roommates . The roommate 's cat is a total F$#%@$^% B@S@&@*& to other cats . My cat is a shy guy , and pretty reasonable , but I could tell he was getting depressed about this psycho cat . So I did research . I was at my wits end , my roommate 's cat would come into my room and pee on my stuff , and constantly hiss , swat , and growl at my cat . I read about this stuff from a website , then came on amazon and read all the customer reviews , and was sold ! The crazy cat calmed down in a DAY ! The two have n't really turned into what you would call ` friends ' but there is no growling or random peeing anymore.YAY for Feliway !
 My 10 year old cat has a very nice and sweet nature . However , lately he has had some health problems -LRB- under treatment currently -RRB- , which made him anxious . So he did n't want to be petted , he was over-eating , and he cried a lot ; all absolutely foreign behaviors to him . The vet said that it was anxiety . Thus , I decided to give `` Comfort Zone - Feliway Diffuser '' a try.My main concern was the size of the area . I live in a modern house where the kitchen , living and dinner rooms are just one huge-big room . So I was afraid that the effect of the product would n't be felt . I used a `` surge protector '' , which I secured well against the kitchen wall - where my cat spent a lot of time , so the diffuser would be at his level -LRB- closer to the floor but secured -RRB- . Something IMPORTANT
 This was the best investment I ever made ! We have two cats - one had to have an overnight stay at the vet for teeth work . When she got home the next day , the male cat started growling and fighting with her . At first we assumed it was the strange smells and once she started grooming herself , all would be well . They had been inseparable before this - sleeping together , grooming each other etc. . It got worse to the point they could n't be in the same room together . We physically gave her a bath -LRB- not fun for anyone -RRB- to get rid of any stray smells but after 2 weeks , they were still hissing and fighting . Then the male peed outside the litter box twice in different places . Time for drastic action . The vet recommended this product - he was charging much more so when I saw it on Amazon for around $ 20 I thought - why not ? I plugged it into the wall and by the next morning both cats were not only in the same room but actually eating out of the same bowl again . They have been best friends again ever since . I ordered another one just in case . Truly a great product and worth every penny . Wish I had done it sooner !
 My cat has had to move several times during his life so far -LRB- he 's only 3 -RRB- , when we moved again in the first week of August he was scared for a long time and would n't sleep at night like he used to . He also would n't play with his toys for more than a minute or so , and just seemed very distressed all the time . He was acting up so badly it was hard to get more than 4 hours of sleep at once . It has been about a month since I ordered this product and I know it has really helped my cat ... how do I know -LRB- other than being able to sleep and actually kind of forgetting about how he was acting -RRB- when he started acting absolutely INSANE for the last couple of days , I checked the diffuser and noticed that it was empty . Pretty good sign it was working if you ask me . : -RRB-
 Our dog sleeps in the garage every night . Therefore we wanted to try this Fresh n Clean brand since we have tried other brands in the past and have been very disappointed . My dog piddles on the pad instead of going on the floor most of the time . As you unravel the pad from the package and place it on the floor , it does n't tear like the other ones we have bought in the past . I would buy this again.Lambert Kay Fresh 'n Clean Floor Protection Adult Pads Extra Large -LRB- 36-Count - 22.5 `` x30 '' - Adult Pad , Extra Large -RRB-
 We have a miniature poodle that is diabetic and had two strokes . He loves to go for his evening walk but it was becoming too much . We bought the stroller and now he walks until he gets tired , stops , and goes to the stroller and we finish our two mike evening walk with him in the stroller . He loves the ride . The Pet Gear Stroller is great for all of us .
 I have an elderly dog who is unable to walk longer distances . Since he still enjoys being outdoors I figured a stroller might provide a chance for him to keep up with the rest of the family . He loves it ! He gets to go on long walks without the associated joint pain . He will occasionally ask to be let down to do his business but then he wants back in the stroller . It 's very cute . I feel a little silly pushing him around but it 's well worth his enjoyment .
 My mother has recently been admitted to a skilled nursing facility and I have taken over care of her elderly pug . It was difficult to get Daisy up to see her `` mom '' . This product has performed great ! The pug loves the stroller ! I love that it 's lightweight and easy get in and out of the car . The assembly was a little bit tricky for me -LRB- but I 'm assembly-impaired -RRB- . Overall , I would highly recommend this product for any pet with health issues or those that get tired mid-way through a walk outdoors .
 I bought this stroller for my daughter , who was coming to visit with her beloved cat . I thought it would be a novelty , make her happy -LRB- and the cat scornful -RRB- and it would then be pushed to a far corner in a few days and forgotten . Hardly ! Not only was she delighted with it and the ease of handling of it , we took it -LRB- and the cat -RRB- everywhere , including the mall - this is South Florida , after all ! lol She 's returned home and informs me that she leaves it open in her apartment and the cat uses it ALL the time , day and night . Too funny ! Anyway , I think this is one of the best pet purchases I 've ever made . I looked at others before I found this one on Amazon and it was almost half the price of the boutique ones I found .
 I never thought I would be ` that dog owner ' who would buy a stroller ! But , when we got to Florida and spent so much time outdoors , going to restaurants who are dog friendly , and festivals and fiestas where there are a lot of people , our little girl was overwhelmed by it all . Getting the stroller for her meant she would be safe from being stepped on , and people would n't have to worry about tripping over her . It is the perfect solution and we use it all the time . The stroller itself is wonderful - easy to use , easy to transport , beautifully made . We also have a Pet Gear carrier we use on airplanes . Great products .
 I have spent 3 days on the Internet to find a right stroller for my dog . Although the color is not what I hoped to find , I am very happy with this product . Well made , easy to assemble , very light to operate , easy to fold , etc. . . And most of all , my dog loves it !! The only things he does not really care is once you close the zipper , he does not have open view but he is learning to accept it , I think . I showed it to my co-workers and one of them is going to purchase it for her puppy . Yes , I recommend it to everyone !
 This item is a nice size -LRB- not to big or small -RRB- and is pretty durable . My pets love it and anyone who buys it wo n't be dispointed .
 excellant product but wish they made a double a b c d e f g h i j k l m n o
 My Siamese loves her Happy Trails stroller . She already spent a lot of time on our screened in porch but wanted to venture farther . I was looking for a way for her to get out more while still being in a safe environment . I was n't sure how she would take to being confined in a small space since she does n't care to be in her carrier . She seemed a bit nervous her first trip but the next day when I brought out the stroller and unzipped it she jumped right inside and has being doing this every day since . I have n't had any problems with the wheels and usually do a `` fast walk '' but am only using it on paved streets . The cup holders are a nice feature since you can use them for a drink and a set of keys . Easy assembly . Would highly recommend for indoor cats who need fresh air .
 I use this outside on roads , sidewalks and grass and have not had any problems . Its sturdy and easy to guide/push with my 18lbs cat inside . My cat is not declawed and goes to town scratching the screen mesh and I 've not had any problems with it falling apart and I would expect it to because I do n't think it was designed for that . My cat can see from all sides and above so he stays focused on outside . I am really happy with this and glad I made the purchase .
 Researched this on Amazon but DH found a pink one -LRB- new -RRB- on C 's list for $ 30 less . We just returned from a 12-day driving trip with our 14 lb Bichon Frise and do n't know how we could have done without this stroller . There was enough room for her to stretch out and lie down , she did not become overheated - as she would have in the hot sun , and seemed generally happy to ride rather than walk . The wheels are great - this stroller can be turned/spun around with one hand . Folding it up is easy and it can be opened with one hand if the bottom is steadied with one 's foot . This stroller is sturdy but light enough to be carried up a set of stairs when it is open and occupied . It fits nicely in a large black plastic garbage bag if you want to carry it in the back of a pick-up truck , as we did . Big plus is having one 's pet safely contained when moving luggage in and out of hotel rooms . The basket underneath is great for stashing purse and cameras , etc. . We were allowed to bring our dog into areas of National Parks that would otherwise not allow pets because she was zipped up inside the stroller . She joined us for meals at restaurants with outdoor seating . In our experience this stroller can accommodate two 14 lb or one 20 lb small breed dog.Cons
 Before buying a pet stroller I did my home work , reading a lot of reviews , checking different companies and consumer reports.We received our stroller a week ago . It was easy to put together and wheels like a dream . Rocky a -LRB- cat 11 pounds and still growing -RRB- loves it . We put it together and off we went . I bought it to make it easy to enter hotels , go on walks and just travel in general . With the use of a folding litter box ... we are ready . The storage pocket under the stroller is just right for a bag of litter , food , water and toys.Linda
 Pet Gear Happy Trails Stroller for Cats and Dogs up to 30-pounds , SaharaLove this stroller for my 2 Pixie bob cats . Nice and cozy high quality fabric . Nice ride on sidewalks and streets . Fun for them to sleep in and hang out when it 's in the house . the kitties fit well in it too . They feel cozy and safe compared to another stroller that I bought for them that was too big . This is perfect !
 This is a great stroller and at a very good price and it arrived in a very short time . I bought it for my 6.50 pounds chihuahua and she loves it . The back wheels were a little challenging to install , but I got them on . The stroller is very spacious for my little chihuahua . I was afraid I would have trouble open and closing it , since when I had my babies I did not use a stroller , so I was not familiar with the way it works , but I find it very easy to open & close . It looks strong enough to last for a long time . We are very happy with it .
 This pet stroller is very well constructed . Much better than one that I bought a couple of years ago from another source . I only wish it had paw print decals on it to show that it really is a pet stroller . I 've had a couple of people comment , with a chuckle , on putting our dog in a baby stroller so I 'm going to look for some decals . As for the product itself , it is exactly what we wanted and larger and more sturdy than we expected which is nice .
 This pet stroller is sturdy and nice looking . I love that it folds easily . It easily holds all three of our small dogs who all together weigh under 12 lbs . The cup holder is a great feature , too . I also like the basket underneath that you can stole a small purse or Puppy gear , such as water , treats , doggy potty bags , and etc. . The way it zips around the pets for security , but allows them to see out is great , too . The color is nice , not a silly pink or blue ! Love it !
 This doggie stroller seems very well made . Smooth ride and love the sage color . It 's a bit heavier especially to travel with when I have to fold it to put in my suv . But for walks and afternoons at an art fair it 's great . Gracie loves it .
 I have had my pet stroller for awhile now . It took a short amount of time to get my two Singapuras use to it . Now every time I pull it out they hop right in . I have only taken them in our back yard , but some day I would like take them out in the world.The ride is very smooth and both cats have lots of room to look out all the screened windows .
 I bought this as a replacement for an earlier model Pet Gear stroller . Though they look identical , this newer model is distinctly flimsier , making it harder to steer on soft ground . It 's also lighter than its predecessor , but some people might consider that an improvement . It 's still an excellent buy for those who walk on paved surfaces . It 's also wonderful for taller pet owners ; I 'm six feet tall , and with other strollers I found I could n't take a full step without smashing my toes into the rear axles . No such problem with the Happy Trails !
 The stroller was super easy to put together . The wheels turn smoothly and my puppy loves it . It 's great that she can see you from the top , she feels safe and secure .
 Still too soon to give it a 5 star rating but so far I like it and so does my cat . It was easy to assemble and folds up nice to put in the closet . The front wheels were spinning and had intermittent contact with the ground but then I realized it was the sidewalk that was uneven . Once I was on even sidewalks the wheels were ok .
 We 've been using this stroller to take our golden retriever puppy places since he is n't fully vaccinated for another month . Our pup is about 13-14 &#34; tall right now , and weighs 20 lbs . He fits in this stroller just fine and I believe he will make it another month . The stroller is easy to put together , and it 's sturdy and attractive . I 've been able to take my dog to outlet malls because he 's fully contained and the stores do n't mind . I see other women carrying their small dogs around the store and I think HA ! Not too fun to shop with a dog in your hands , is it ? Sure , I get a lot of people looking at me with this big pup in a stroller . Though most of them stop me so they can talk to my dog since he 's so cute . What matters is that my dog is being socialized , and is safe from deadly viruses until he 's vaccinated . I 'm very happy with this pet stroller .
 I use this for two Chihuahua mix puppies , using a coupler . They are each about five pounds . I can wrap a blanket around them to keep them warm when we walk .
 Quality excellent . Easily portable . Our two chihuahuas love being the center of attention ! I would highly recommend this product ! Great color , too !
 My miniature schnauzer torn the ligaments in her back knee -LRB- similar to ACL -RRB- . After surgery the dog is suppose to stay immobile for several weeks . This was a perfect solution to keep her with me but off the leg . I could wheel her room to room and she was happy . It is lightweight , easy to fold to take with you in the car and the mesh is placed in all the right spots so she could see what 's going on around her . The leash inside the inclosure is positioned well so she stayed put and the zipper made it easy to get the dog in & out without bumping her leg . I found it to be a great mobile kennel . My husband did n't mind pushing a sage colored stroller either . Also the sage color is darker than the picture looks . It 's actually more the color of green leaves .
 great product and price a must have for any dog owner that loves to take long walks . . compact with many features .
 I bought this product for my cat Zoey . He loves to ride in the car and go outside . When we would take our dog Teddy for a walk at night Zoey would sit at the doorway and just look at us . We tryed putting him on a leash but he did n't like that . So this was the best resolution to the problem . Now when we take Teddy for a walk Zoey can go with us . He loves his walks and loves this stroller . Sometimes I find him just laying in it in the house . Great product , they do n't call it happy trails for nothing ... Zoey says ; `` Thanks Amazon '' .
 Love the stroller . One of my cats looks forward to his walk around the lake . The other is a bit hesitant to be in a contained space , but did pretty well the first time out . Stroller is good quality and it sure does draw attention . I like the idea of letting my indoor cats safely out to see the birds , ducks etc. while being securely confined and protected . Very happy with my purchase .
 Bought this for our 6 pound furry child . We took her on a week long trip and did not want to leave her in the truck or camper while we went to an antique street fair with approximately 200 vendors . It 's an annual event and there are thousands of people in a very small amount of space . We were able to take her along without fear of her being stepped on . It would also be a good investment for those animals that may have to have surgery or when something has restricted their mobility . Dogs just like people get bored and/or depressed when stuck in the house for extended periods of time . This way they can experience the great outdoors safe and sound .
 My 14yr old Pug dog can not walk and this product is a lifesaver . She loves being treated like a queen . Works great.light weight folds easy , strong and durable . Worth the money . Hoses off too when dirty .
 A friend purchase this same stroller for dog when she was diagnosed with arthritis . When my dog started experiencing difficulties walking I purchase one for her . She loves it . I think she would rather be walking , but this is the next best thing when she is having troubles getting around . We were entered in a dog walk for charity and I did n't have to worry about her -LRB- or me having to carry her -RRB- during the walk . She was also up where she could see what was going on and not trying to hide to keep from getting walked on . The basket below held all the snacks and water we needed for the walk . Some people made fun of us , but we got the last laugh when we passed them later and they were carrying their short legged dogs who could n't make the entire walk on their own . The stroller is light weight , easy to fold up or set up and does n't take up much room in the car . My 13lb dachshund had plenty of room to move around and the cover kept her dry . I wish you had a photo link I have some great picture of both dogs in their strollers .
 My 16 year old pomeranian is now visually impared and is hesitant going for a walk because she has no depth perception . Now it 's easy to go places with her again and the best part is she can go more places because she can be enclosed . Nika has traveled on planes , to luxury resorts and the like , I just wish we had the pet stroller all those times too . This Pet Gear stroller is sturdy , easy to fold , well made . We have taken it on light hiking paths with ease , and now we have more than one happy camper . Personally I thought I would be embarassed pushing a dog stroller but it 's been fun as everyone is still thrilled to see a happy dog , even in a stroller . Many people are interested in the stroller for their dogs too .
 Seems well made , wheels are larger than I expected . Rolls easily in the city . Great view , wish I had someone buy me one and walk me.Most comments I get are a smile and ` spoiled rotten ' . True .
 A very nice pet stroller for the spoil little babies . very smooth operations the puppy seems to love his walks .
 my two poochies love it so much , and it 's very comfy as well - they smile every time they are in there .
 I 'm so glad I bought it because Senor Chico Chihuahua just loves his stroller ! Proof positive is my lap has become his SECOND favorite place to chillax because if his stroller 's nearby , he hops over into it.It 's a snap to assemble . It comes with a thin mat and I added a padded one so Chico rides and naps in comfort . It served us well at the parks all summer . Now that it 's winter we stroller through pet-friendly shops and malls.Chico prefers his top down , convertible style , so he can take in all the sights . When people or other dogs make him feel anxious I quickly zip it , and he feels safe and secure . BTW , since my extremely shy cat also enjoys rides in this stroller , your cat should , too.Don ' t hesitate to order this stroller . It 's a safe , quality item -- a keeper -- that you 'll both enjoy . Just be sure it 's the right size for your pet .
 We first found this product at Wild Oats . What attracted us to the product was that it is one of very few dog `` treats '' that does not contain a noticeable amount of copper , which is important to us because our Westie suffers from copper toxicosis -LRB- aka Wilson 's Disease -RRB- . Although considered high-priced compared to other treats , the savings is reaped in the health benefits of man 's best friend .
 My dog loves these . I just wish there were more per box . You will need to buy a lot because they go fast . They are a great treat for animals that like fish and sweet potato .
 We have had two of the large dog food containers like this and they rock ! They have made it through 850 mile moves and still look perfect . The food stays fresh , they still seal , no break down at all in the container/material . They hold up-absolutely no complaint and ca n't imagine the issue happening like the previous review . We love the removal of the lid too , so you can put the whole bag of dog food in , still in bag if want ... Worth the money . We are now going to buy this small one for cat food . Love the Rubbermaid Pet food container-solid , well made and keeps the food fresh-and looks nicer than most-and a scoop to boot !
 We have had this container for 5 years without a problem ! We just got a new dog and need another container and it is the one we are going to get . Never a problem with cracking or the seal like the other poster has said . Rubbermaid products are the best out there for people and dogs : - -RRB-
 I live in Florida where the fleas are numerous to say the very least . Have been getting this product from amazon for awhile and it seems to do the job pretty well . The price is great and the retailers in the area ca n't even come close to beating it.Since we have the fleas all year -LRB- we do n't get the freeze break like in the north -RRB- , my dogs and cats are constantly picking up `` fresh '' ones in the yard every day . But they do n't last long on the treated pets.People that say this product does n't work in the Florida area have to remember that the `` newly '' acquired fleas do n't die `` immediately '' upon contact with the animal . It may take a couple of hours . All of the fleas I have found after brushing my dogs were dead-on-arrival .
 Although we live in tick country , my experience with Frontline has been that it does n't handle either ticks or fleas . Advantage prevents the summertime horror of flea infestations , common to multi-pet households , and keeps my flea-allergic guys happy . I love it .
 The fleas have been almost out of control this past year . Flea collars , baths and other topical flea products did not work . I used Advantage on my dog , repeated again in two weeks and now he is doing well on a monthly schedule . Happy dog and happy owner !
 I am fostering a litter of kittens at the moment , and they fell in love with an old leather mouse we had purchased a few years back for our other cats . Problem was , they were fighting over it - and not in a very nice way . The company that used to manufacture the older leather mouse has since switched to synthetic fur and leather , and our cats want nothing to do with them ... so I searched online and found these . They showed up yesterday -LRB- quickly -RRB- , I passed a few out to the kittens , and they spent HOURS playing with these . No fights ensued . Our older cats also love these , and it 's bringing out the kitten in them . One problem I 've noted so far
 These are the best little mice on the market . Our cat goes bonkers for these things . They make a little rattle noise and they have some catnip in them . It 's hard to find them , so I always have to buy this big canister , but that 's OK , all my family has cats , so everyone gets a handful and I 'm the beloved cat aunt !
 Even the stray we have living with us right now - who usually is still VERY shy - loves playing with the mice and is going crazy over these ! Generally I have to say esp . the two cats in our house that are not `` enthusiastic players '' go nuts over playing with them . But the others will happily participate too . These were absolutely worth every penny and due to package size I only have to look for them once a month and gather back together .
 My kitties love these mice , they have the ` rattles ' inside , so 4 of the 5 are happy - the 5th prefers the kind she can eviscerate and disembowel :--RRB- Having so many is wonderful , I only have to crawl around recovering them from under furniture once a month instead of once a week !!
 It does n't get much better , especially for multiple-cat households . Always plenty of back-up `` faux vermon `` on hand , for your felines to amuse themselves with , and the quality of these mice is top-notch . Very prompt shipping from the supplier , all arriving in purr-fect condition . Amazon is one of the best sites on line to purchase almost anything in the marketplace . If they do n't stock it in their warehouses , they always seem to have an awesome network of suppliers to get you the product you want . It 's always a pleasure doing business with this extraordinary company .
 My cat has a ver sensitive stomach & this is the only dry food that agrees with her - she loves it
 I was happy to find this very good product on the internet . I could buy it a year or two ago in the stores but not now and I really depend on this for skin problems that my dog gets . Thanks for making it available
 I have very fine hair and have tried so many different products trying to get volume . Usually , they all end up making my hair even more limp . This product does not ! My hair works great with it and as an added bonus , when I use my electric curlers , the curl stays in my hair much better than before . Am glad to finally find a product that works for my yucky hair !
 These pads are great . Best , thickest , most absorbent disposable weewee pads for pets that we have found -LRB- Four Paws is the next best -RRB- . Honestly , you could also use washable bed pads or the disposable chux , both cheaper alternatives to disposable weewee pads . But if you prefer the latter , Little Stinker is the brand to use .
 We have a one year old border collie who can apply more jaw pressure and chew almost anything to pieces in a matter of hours -LRB- often minutes -RRB- . This is the first product that has acutually lasted for a matter of weeks . Not without some distress , but most of it is still hanging in there . When she succeeds in mauling it in excess , I 'll order another .
 In my opinion and my dog , Dylan 's , this is the only line of toys that are virtually indestructible . He has been chewing on the same pink bone for 6 years now and knows it by name . He LOVES it . Thats why we bought several more in the series .
 This is one of very few products -LRB- I have tried many -RRB- that is completely indestructible against my 3 heavy chewers !!!
 These are great toys if your Dog has a tendancy to chew alot . They are virtually indestructable . My bulldog/boxer mix loves it .
 Finally a toy that my 6 month old Yellow Lab can not destroy ! Huck is a solid 4 '' ball type toy that amuses my pet for hours and still looks new . With its design it can be easily carried , thrown and bounced forever . One tough toy !
 My dog loves this ball , plus he has not been able to destroy it in no time like some other products .
 We looked everywhere for a toy that our dog would not simply destroy within a matter of hours . This is the one ! The easy grip area makes it convenient when throwing it as well as getting it out of the dog 's mouth when they refuse to `` drop it ! '' The ball is also constructed so well that when our dog calms down and chooses to just chew on the toy , you ca n't even see teeth markings in the ball .
 I bought this ball for my beagle who loves to chew and destroy his toys . I have since had this ball for almost a month and it is still somewhat intact . The large size of the ball was a great deterrent for him because he could n't get a good grip on it to destroy it . After some incessant chewing he was able to take off a few pieces and now the ball is half its original size . But I am happy because I know that the company guarantees their toys so I can exchange it for a new one . I am also happy that the ball lasted longer than 10 minutes .
 Bandit , our young pit-bull mix breed chewed up every toy we offered him quickly and would swallow the chunks of debris as well . He destroyed Kongs , Nylabones , and other so-called ` practically indestructable ' dog toys in short order . I bought him a Tux in August -LRB- 2010 -RRB- and he has n't even made a mark on it ! It is 100 % intact with no chips or dings . He loves his Tux and it 's catawampus bounce . The shape makes it easier to get him to release it for fetch too . It 's a big win and passes the Bandit test 100 % . I give it an A + !!! We decided to get him a couple more toys - the Huck and the Hurley . He loves them both and they are also holding up to his monster mouth and teeth . I think he likes the Hurley most because it 's shaped like a bone and he can really hold on to it.These awesome durable dog toys are made out of a material called Zogoflex . It is tough , non-toxic -LRB- no nasty chemical smell -RRB- , buoyant , pliable , and designed to be recyclable . Virtually no waste is created during the manufacturing process according to West Paw 's website . They are made in the USA too ! I highly recommend these dog toys to anyone with a dogzilla who chews things up .
 This toy is definitely very durable . I have the frisbee made form the same company , which is still going strong after 3 years of very heavy abuse -LRB- it 's our dog 's favorite toy by far -RRB- . She chews on the ball just like she does the frisbee , and nothing ever comes loose . I can see we will get many years out of this product.One thing to note , it is very heavy . Tossing it in the house should be done with caution , as the odd shape plus weight can send it flying into breakable objects . We have relegated ours to an outside toy only .
 TRULY indestructible . Rilleigh hasnt been able to put a dent in it yet and the irregular shape makes fetch more interesting as she can never anticipate which way it will bounce .
 The items made by this complany are fantastic ! I never leave reviews but I have to for this one . My dog has destroyed every toy we have ever bought for her within minutes . These are the only toys left in our living room . She chews and plays with them all of the time . I would recommend them for anyone with a tenacious chewer . I must admit that she has bitten a tiny piece off one of the toys but that is it . THIS IS THE BEST !!!!
 My dogs have destroyed every toy except Kong toys and I felt that I was a forever Kong customer and had to just continue to buy the same toys . This manufacturer in making this ball has made a customer out of me . My dogs love it and after playing retrieve in the pool and catch in the house , there is not even one tooth mark in it . Incredible , love it .
 So far , so good ! I bought this chew toy for my 7 month old mixed breed puppy and so far it has survived her strong jaw and teeth ! She loves chewing on her toys and most rubber , plastic , or nylon toys she chews through within minutes . This is the first toy that I 've found that she can not destroy . Good price on Amazon and it 's a heavy , durable ball . Highly suggested .
 This has lasted over 6 months and my lab has only managed to do moderate damage to it . Most toys only lasted a few hours with my dog , but this one has surpassed my expectations
 I bought the large huck for a active lil beagle with a monsterous appetite for destruction and mayhem . She ca n't destroy this one or get her mouth around it well . Should have gotten the medium size . She likes this anyway she can gnaw on the edges nicely . This is one tough toy , solid confusion for Madam Destructo .
 The only toy that my pit bull does n't immediately destroy . He loves it and I will definitively be ordering more !
 I bought this ball after searching online for an indestructible dog ball that could stand up to tough chewers , and also would float . We used to use the old Buddy Balls , but they just do n't make them like they used to . I have a dog who loves to play ball in the pool , so it had to float . And another dog who just wants to chew and destroy the ball , so it had to be tough . -LRB- He has shredded the kong in the past -RRB- . This Huck ball is great ! I do n't know how or why it is so tough , but so far the 2 balls i purchased have lasted 5 months . Past purchases - about 5 days ! It is heavy and has a thick feel , but it floats . My shepherd mix plays in the pool with it , and it 's the right size for him . Not too small . But my beagle can also carry it around , thanks to the grooved shape . Beagle loves to chew , and is surprisingly destructive for his size , but so far no problem with this ball . We like it ! Worth the price .
 My Pit LOVES THIS TOY !! I just got it in the mail yesterday and it has been the only toy she 's touched since . Usually she has a store bought toy ripped to pieces within the first hour of play . The only thing that has lasted is her extreme kong and the extra large tire biter -LRB- both great toys ! -RRB- . She can also tug the knots out of the 4 foot ropes , so those do n't last long either around here . This toy does n't even have teeth marks in it yet ! Today was also the first snow for the midwest and it was a great snow toy . It gets stuck just below the surface so the dog has to dig and look for it a little bit , but the color and density make it really easy to find if the dog ca n't -LRB- only happened 2 times in half hour of extreme fetch -RRB- . I ca n't wait for the Zogoflex disc to get here ! BUY THIS TOY !
 I got the large blue color Huck for my 21 months and 31 months Labrador dogs . They 're having so much fun playing the Huck with me or by themselves after they 're done I took away and wash it for the next play . I 've bought a lot of different kind of toys for them and each time I got smarter . The safety , the right size , the manufactures . You living learn , just hope the tuition is reasonable .
 Was given two of these balls at a recent Ultimate Air Dog event . Used it for the first time this weekend . My three Chesapeakes went CRAZY for them ! They are easy for someone like me who is HORRIBLE at throwing to get some good distance on it and it bounces all over the place when it lands!I DID NOT leave the ball with the dogs so they could chew it as I know they really like them a lot and did not want for them to ruin one of them . Unfortunatly one of the balls bounced its way into some scary looking pricker bushes this weekend so I am now down to one ... hence the reason I am here ... to order another one or two.I am thinking I will try to `` throw '' it with a Chuck-it launcher and see if I can get even more distance on them.Really a great toy . -LSB- ... -RSB-
 The Huck is the only ball our girls ca n't destroy in minutes . Even the nylon ones ca n't stand up to their heavy chewing . Their old Hucks are no longer ball shaped but they are saved for chew toys . I hope you never stop making these . We ca n't buy them in any pet stores in our area anymore . Maybe I should stock up on them ! Thanks so much for an excellent product . We did n't waste our money on them like so many others !
 Make no mistake , this ball is made to take a beating . When we first got it we were surprised to how dense and solid it feels . It 's got some weight to it , a bit heavier than a baseball . If you 've got hardwood floors like we do , you 'll definitely hear it bounce and roll around . That being said , for being heavy and dense , it 's got bounce and a rubbery feel to it . Our dog , a hound/gsd mix has got a strong bite and he 's yet to even put a dent in this thing . The shape of it also helps him get a good hold on it , as he can bit the corner and carry it around . We ordered the large size and it 's perfect .
 It 's been 4 days and there are 4 chunks taken out of the round circles on the sides of the ball . My dog loves the ball but it is very heavy . I chose the large ball for my 1 year old Cocker Spaniel puppy and it is a great fit for his mouth . I do recommend this ball . I 'm very happy with the turn out and do n't think there will be any more chunks taken out .
 We purchased the Huck and the Hurley for our A.C.D. a few months ago and we 've been waiting to write a review . Both have held up well , I wrote a separate review for the Hurley.The Huck is a great toy in the two most important respects
 It usually takes my pit bull about 2 days to completely destroy a toy . We are well into week 3 without so much as a dent . She absolutely loves this ball . This ball , by far , is better than the other `` indestructable '' balls we 've ever tried . I wish I had known about this brand earlier . I will definitely be buying more of these toys . The size is great . The weight is equal to any other ball you find . They really do float . The balls are extremely bouncy . They are easy to clean . They do n't breakdown from exposure to the sun or rain . The colors do n't fade . It 's well worth the little bit extra to buy these toys .
 If you have a large and/or destructive dog , GET THIS BALL . Back when I got it , it was about $ 16 . I got it about 4 years ago when we had three dogs :1 -RRB- Rat Terrier2 -RRB- German Shepard/Husky/Wolf3 -RRB- Chocolate LabThey usually destroy the most ` durable ' toys in a few weeks tops . This toy is still going strong . It bounces fantastically , the grooves make it easier for the dog to grip the ball , and easier for the owner to pull the slime-covered ball out of the dog 's mouth.We now have two dogs :1 -RRB- Chocolate Lab2 -RRB- German ShepardThey still love the toy , and it 's still appreciated by the owners : D
 My dogs tear the Tuff tennis balls up within a matter of minutes ... I 'll get 3 and they 'll all be done for in about 30 minutes . I got 2 of these and while they have a few chunks taken out of them , they are still goin ' strong !
 I have a Labrador and a Mastiff and the west paw toys do an amazing job standing up to them . I have seen them destroy Kong toys and they have n't made a dent in these . If you have a serious chewer , and do n't want to pick up pieces of brand new toys all over your house , this brand is perfect . We have both the bone -LRB- Hurley -RRB- and the ball -LRB- Huck -RRB- and so far they are amazing !
 Another great toy from ZogoFlex . Again , very durable and slightly unpredictable when thrown to give a better chase . My pit still has n't destroyed this toy after 6monthsEdit
 Indestructible no , but they do last longer then any other toys we have gotten . We bought all three , the Huck , Hurley and the Tux . The Tux is the only one that is left.The Hurley -LRB- stick -RRB- lasted a few days as he was chewing on it for hours and hours and he simply LOVED IT . That was his favorite . He split it in the middle and we had to take it away only after a few days.After splitting the Hurley , it did n't take him long to move onto the Huck . The Huck lasted a few WEEKS but then once he started getting into it , we had to take it away . Milo -LRB- 1 year yellow lab -RRB- started getting it apart and then the rest came apart in chunks kinda fast . This did last WEEKS tho . Unfortunately it 's just a little to heavy to toss in the house . It 's more a chew toy then a throwing ball.The tux , somehow someway is still going strong and it seems that because we fill it with peanut butter , he does not want to destroy it so we dont take it away :-RRB- He chews it all the time but not with the same ferociousness that he does the others.I called the company 3 separate times to check on this `` no questions asked replacement warranty '' Holy crap they are n't kidding . The customer service people pick up so fast and they are INCREDIBLY pleasant . You get a one time replacement of any/each toy . So I bought all three and they will replace all three one time . They also assured me that the toys are non toxic and it 's ok if they do ingest a little bit of the `` special composition material '' . For the money these are the best toys we have ever bought . I will buy another set this Christmas to keep the Milo man busy : -RRB-
 I gave one of these to a friends dog today . It took less than 30 minutes and there was a piece missing from the ball . I figure that it will be a matter of days before it is chewed up . Not a bad average because this is not your average dog . He is a Giant Schnauzer .
 This is nearly indestructible ! Best toy we 've found for our pit bull ! She loves it and even sleeps with it !
 My dog is a destructive heavy chewer . We 've had this ball for a year now and he has NOT destroyed it . It 's the only toy he has that is not destroyed . He has chewed a little off the round raised part on the ends , but the points on the sides are still there and he just adores his ball . Great product , I am SO glad we found it !!!
 My dog loves this toy . It is her favorite and has lasted longer than any other chew toy she has had in the past .
 This toy is really tough and has survived the very strong bite of a one-year-old rottweiler that has destroyed a dozen other toys that were supposed to be `` indestructible '' . The only other toys as strong as this one would be theKONG Extreme Dog Toy , Large , Blackrubber toys.My dog prefers this toy to play all day long ; but it is heavy and makes a loud noise when it bumps around our flat.If I compared this toy to the Kong , the only real drawback would be that it lacks a hole -LRB- as the Kong has -RRB- where I can stuff peanut butter for the dog to eat while we are away.I will strongly recommend this toy for people with a hard-bitting dog such as rottweiler , mastiffs or pug .
 Our German Shorthaired Pointer loved his Huck so much he would n't stop chewing -- until we had to take it from him because he chewed a piece off . West Paw has a guarantee , though , so we 'll be getting another one -- which we 'll use for fetch instead of as a chew toy . He has a Hurley , too , which he has n't been able to chew pieces off of yet , so he gets to keep that one . U.S.-made of non-toxic materials -- an added bonus . Great toys from a great manufacturer .
 These are the BEST ! I have my dog , my son 's dog and another dog I bought this for a gift and they all three loved them . Great Colors too ! Would recommend this to big chewers .
 Our 15 month old Bichon was a victim of the pet food recall . She was on IV 's for 10 days and we came very , very close to losing her . Once she was able to eat , our vet prescribed Epakitin as a supplement on any `` regular '' food as it helps break down proteins . Her bun reading was well into the 80 's when her kidneys first failed and are now in the 20 's , with the use of Epakitin and a good kidney diet . Our vet checks our dog 's blood every 2 to 3 months . With the use of Epakitin her readings have continued to stay within reasonable limits . We ran out of Epakitin at one time and when blood tests were done her reading were back up into the 60 's . We now NEVER give food without this supplement and her readings are back down into the 20 's . For these reasons I highly recommend this product.BTW , our dog is an extremely picky eater and in the beginning could tell when we added this product to her food . At first she would turn her nose and not eat if it was added . We then cut back on the amount and slowly increased the dosage . She does n't have a problem with the taste or smell any longer .
 My vet encouraged me to try this product for my 17 year old Burmese Tom cat . She thought it could help maintain the health of my kitty 's kidneys . He has had a hyper-thyroid condition for most of his adult life and has been medicated with 21/2 mg . of methimazole for about 10 years . The epakitin supplement is sprinkled on his food twice a day . I have been using it about 41/2 months and he seems to feel good and is active for such an old fellow . Best of all , he likes it and I have no problems at all getting him to take it with food . Cats are often very difficult when it comes to any kind of meds so I am grateful for the ease of dispensing . Also buying this supplement through Amazon is MUCH cheaper than anywhere else I have discovered . Very happy about that .
 Epakitin for Dogs and Cats -LRB- 150 gm -RRB- My 10 year old cat had an abscessed tooth that had to be pulled . He developed a bad reaction to either the pain meds or the antibiotic . He blood work was perfect before the extraction , but four days after the extraction his cretin level was 7.9 and his was hospitalized for 3 days on IV fluids . He was close to death . When I took him home I had to give him Sub-Q IV fluids under his skin 3 times a day and my Vet suggested I also try Epakitin in his food . She said she did n't know if at his age he would ever get off the sub-Q IV fluids but she had good results with Epakitin in younger cats . He hated the sub-Q IV fluids and my knees were knocking every time I did them , but somehow we both got through it . It took 6 months to wean him off the sub-Q IV fluids at home and I continued to use the Epakitin in his food . My Vet said the key to weaning them off the sub-Q IV fluids is it must be done `` very '' slowly . He had blood test every week for months and gradually he was improving . Today he is 15 years old and has had perfect blood test every year . He has not needed the sub-Q fluids for nearly 5 years . I still give him the Epakitin in his food . The container comes with a little spoon and the directions are to use one spoonful a day in the food . He is a muncher and eats about tablespoon of moist food 6-7 times a day so I just sprinkle a little on each serving . I swear by this stuff !!
 My Dog is in early stage kidney failure . After being on Epakitin for a week he was more energetic then I ` veseen him in a year . He has been on Epakitin for a month now and is doing great.I think this is a good product when prescribed by veterinarians for pets in early stage kidney failure .
 This product was recommended to me by my vet . My VERY elderly cat experienced a urinary tract shutdown a little over a year ago and recovered . The vet says this is a phosporus binder that helps to prevent stress on the urinary tract system of cats . I do n't know exactly how it works , but the cats appetite , bladder and kidney problems have not reoccurred since I have been mixing this in to his wet food daily . Probably saved his life and definitley improved the quality of his life . At 22 he 's perfectly healthy at this point . Ca n't argue with effectiveness .
 Our vet put our Wheaten Terrier on Epakitin when she was diagnosed with renal disease . Epakitin is a phosphate binder which pushes phosphorus out of the animals body through their intestines and does not allow it to get into their bloodstream . Consequently , Maggie has had continually good bloodwork reports insofar as her phosphorus count is concerned . Phosphorus is very damaging to the kidneys and many foods contain phosphorous . I highly recommend it for anyone treating a pet with kidney -LRB- renal -RRB- disease .
 My vet recommended I buy Epakitin for my cat Ivan who has been diagnosed with kidney disease . He has been on it for 2 weeks and I see a difference in him . He has more energy and is more active .
 When my 17 year old male cat was dying from renal failure , my vet recommended giving him Epakitin - a supplement that would help flush phosphorous from his system , and not tax his kidneys as much . While I knew that it was probably too late to save my male cat , I started giving this supplement to his sister who also has kidney disease . It 's difficult to know if it 's really working , but my female cat remains well-hydrated and healthy . And my vet , whom I trust whole-heartedly , is absolutely in love with this supplement for older cats battling kidney disease.Thing is , this stuff -- when bought from a vet -- is pretty pricey . When I was purchasing it from my vet , I was paying $ 30 for 50 gm . Imagine my joy when I found I could buy 150 gm for less than $ 50 from Entirely Pets ! I was ecstatic ! I have been very pleased with everything I 've purchased from Entirely Pets . Their turn-around on orders is amazing ! I received my order in two days ! Their packing slip is easy to understand and while I have n't had to call them or return product , I have a feeling that this company would be easy to deal with.All in all , a great experience finding this through Amazon .
 We have a cat with Chronic Renal Failure -LRB- CRF -RRB- and we use this to help ease the load on his kidneys . It is a pricey supplement , but a little goes a long way .
 My 121/2 year old border collie was just diagnosed with kidney failure -LRB- BUN 99 , Creatinine 8.7 - if she were human , she 'd be on dialysis ! -RRB- Her sire also developed kidney failure at 121/2 years old . He 's still alive and doing well on a combination of Epakitin , Renal Essentials , and Azodyl . Meg has been on these 3 medicines for several months now , and feels really good . She 's still competing in flyball -LRB- relay races for dogs -RRB- , agility and is still doing pet therapy . These medicines along with a low protein diet do seem to help dogs with kidney failure live longer , healthier lives .
 My cat has CRF , her BUN & Creatinine was off the chart . we would could have retested with a diluted blood sample to get an actual reading . she was getting twice weekly SubQ injections but no longer . i dose her with 1/2 spoon 2x daily directly into her mouth as she rejects any food combined with the med . this is her 3rd month on epakitin . she is on no other meds or treatments.she seems to be perfectly normal , chases butterflies etc. this was definitely a life saver for de'ana .
 After my beloved cat was diagnosed with kidney disease , I was devastated . I wished I 'd gotten the diagnosis instead of her.The only thing that made me feel hopeful were the reviews for Azodyl and Epakitin that I read online . I now hope to add my voice to those who credit these supplements with prolonging and improving their cats ' and dogs ' lives . I hope I my story might also give comfort to others who are now dealing with the heartbreaking news of kidney disease.Because my cat will not eat the prescription cat foods , I used a dry matter analysis guide to select foods that are low in phosphorus and sodium but high in protein digestibility -LRB- means that they do n't produce a lot of waste products so there 's less strain on the damaged kidneys . Egg white is the most digestible for cats , then poultry , fish and meat , and then meat by-products . Wheat and corn are lowest in digestibility for cats - so you want to avoid a lot of corn or wheat in the food . -RRB- My vet agrees with new studies that say that high digestibility is more important than low protein because it 's ultimately about waste . Link
 First -- thanks to people who have shared their experiences and knowledge . I learned a lot from you . Our almost 13 year old Brittany had begun to slow down , appearing to have what we thought was arthritis . We gave her meds for that but things were getting worse . We went in for a blood panel , she was in renal failure , put in hospital for three days of intravenous hydration . Retesting a week later showed one value as high as ever and another rising . Vet originally gave her Azodyl after hospitalization and then added Epakitin after the last test . We will retest three weeks hence . Her energy and spunk have returned . Her `` arthritis '' has disappeared . One thing the vet told us that I have not seen on these posts -- the pills -LRB- keep refrigerated -RRB- should be given one hour before you feed . She is also on Hill 's KD , canned and dry ; no more wine -LRB- hamburgers -RRB- and roses -LRB- salmon -RRB- but this new regime seems to be paying off . I do n't know what the subsequent tests will show but I do know her quality of life is so much better .
 I bought this for my cat Angel who has the beginnings of renal failure . I use a level spoon FOR EACH MEAL -LRB- spoon included in the container -RRB- and mix it well with Science Diet KD for cats . It is one of the best cat foods because it is meaty , a good source of protein and has a low phospherus content . I put angel on it for about 1 month and had her retested . The results showed that her levels had lowered and on one of the tests , she went completely into the normal range ! Not bad ! I 'm very happy.I SHOULD ALSO TELL YOU ... . Angel has lost her appetite in the last few months and the doctor decided to try something new that he hadnt done before . He put Angel on a appetite stimulant for 3 weeks . This seemed to MAKE AN INCREDIBLE DIFFERENCE . It seemed to stimulate her desire to eat and this in turn got her eating normally again . She 's acting like a normal cat . The doctor told me that he cant keep Angel on it forever because the stimulant could cause renal failure too but he told me that he 's had several cases where once the cat go 's off the stimulant , he has no problem eating again.Dont forget to keep plenty of fresh water around the house . These animals get very toxic if they arent drinking all the time ... -LRB- their kidneys arent doing what their supposed to do -RRB- . The water seems to flush their bodies out ... The appetite stimulant apparently can only be used for cats . Dogs dont respond well to them ... fyi ...
 Hello , I have a King Charles Cavelier Spaniel who developed Mvd . Last year -LRB- 2010 -RRB- he became lazy and seemed to drink excessively -- also became very grumpy and reclusive . When we brought him to the vet his blood pressure was off the chart . He is now on medication and epakitin for kidney failure . It has helped immensely -- he is more active and has become more social . He noticed that we had changed his dog food and added this medication . It took a little time before he accepted the different food and medication but now has adapted . I believe this will add years to his life with us ... Give it a try as it worked for us !
 17 year old Persian with CRF . Started Epakitin and blood work is better now than a year ago : -RRB-
 This product is amazing ! My very sick elderly dog was hospitalized for kidney failure . He was not eating and lost weight . Along with daily hydrating him daily through his skin , his doctor suggested that I use Epakitin mixed in his food twice a day . He is like a different dog . I mix this in his food and he does n't realize that it is in there . He 's eating again , and he 's gaining his weight back . I would highly recommend this product . Also this is a hard product to buy , so luckily I found it on Amazon . This was shipped in a timely manner along with a nice welcome from the supplier . I highly recommend this product and will be ordering this again .
 My dog Annie was losing protein in her urine , losing weight and muscle strength . She was on this supplement along with Azodyl and within one month her protein/urine ratio is in synch , and she seems to have more energy and a bit more muscle strength.I mix it with baby food -LRB- chicken or turkey -RRB- to insure she eats it . Then give her the regular KD diet food right after.So far I am pleased with the results of the supplement .
 We wish we had this in 2005 when our 16 year old kitty Cleo passed away from CRF . When her sister Shorty was diagnosed in Oct. 2005 , we were told she might have a month or might have a year . Well , she made it to age 191/2 in Sept. 2008 -LRB- 3 years later ! -RRB- and we 're sure that Epakitin is the reason . We added the Azodyl last year when we became aware of it , so that may have helped too . We mixed both in with grain-free Wellness brand food to reduce phosphorus and toxin buildup -LRB- the Hills K/D prescription food has bad ingredients , and my cats did n't like it -RRB- . And NO dry food , big no-no ! To the reviewer who said it made their pet eat less -LRB- my sincere sympathy -RRB- unfortunately poor appetite and nausea are some of the devastating side effects of later stage kidney failure . There are prescription supplement solutions to increase appetite . Many vets also recommend 1/4 Pepcid . All of that helps . CRF can cause very rapid heartbreaking decline , and I would n't blame Epakitin . Epakitin is the safest way to avoid toxic phosphorus buildup -LRB- manifest by buckled back legs -RRB- . Good luck , and bless your sweet pootie or woozle .
 This reservoir is nice for the watering system I purchased for my two cats . When I go away for a couple days , I do not have to worry about stale water or water running out before I return . My one cat likes to drink from the faucet which I do n't like and this watering system has a faucet like water fall and it suffices for the sink faucet . This reservoir is only part of the system I purchased , it has another part which contains the pump and main watering system .
 THIS IS A VERY HANDY AND USEFUL ITEM FOR WHEN YOU HAVE A DRINKWELL FOUTAIN IT CUTS DOWN ON REFILLING SO OFTEN AND WORRYING ABOUT THE WATER LEVEL GETTING DOWN SO LOW THAT THE MOTOR COULD GET DAMAGED . IN THE MORNING I TAKE OFF THE RESEVOIR FROM THE DAY BEFORE AND REFILL IT WITH ICE WATER WITH SOME ICE CUBES AND I ALSO SCOOP SOME OF THE LEFT OVER WATER OUT OF THE FOUNTAIN ITSELF AND REFILL WITH ICE WATER AND CUBES AND THEN PUT THE RESEVOIR BACK ON AND PLUG BACK IN AND I 'M GOOD TILL THE NEXT MORNING , AND I AM SUPPLYING FRESH DRINKING WATER TO 5 PETS .
 It really does work well , but could be a lot better if there was an opening on the top so that you could pour water into the reservoir . At present you have to take the reservoir out of its holder , turn it over fill with water and then very quickly put it back into the holder . I bet you can not do the refill without spilling .
 The resevoir is really nice to have . it 's almost a must with the drinkwell because the water disapears pretty fast and the fountain starts making a loud noise .
 My cats like running water . I bought a larger reservoir so it last a long time . Makes noise when low on water and that is my only complaint . Of course , that let 's me know it needs water .
 Is a bit of over-kill for my one cat , but will put it back on when cat # 2 comes . Will need to tape it , though , because when the water level is low in it , it 's light enough that an enterprising cat can knock it off the fountain .
 This item works great . Just added water and placed behind the fountain . Now I do n't have to add water everyday .
 I bought this to replace one that worked flawlessly for five years . It finally needed to be replaced . However , I can still use the optional reserve water reservoir with the new one . My cats rate this 5 Stars !
 I still ca n't keep it filled , but I now do n't have to fill it on a daily basis , sometimes twice daily . I just wish it was self cleaning ;-RRB- They all love it .
 Has been operating as promised since purchased over year ago and makes the water changing a bit more infrequent . A must have !
 This extra reservoir has been a life saver . I only have to fill the water dish every other day . With two cats and a large dog , this is a good thing .
 At first the water would not flow at all , but after a slight trimming of the outlet hole with a modelling knife , to remove sharp edges , the water flows well . The rubber sealing ring is very dry , making sealing difficult . This was cured with a thin coating of silicone grease -LRB- silicone spray would also work -RRB- on the rubber only . Now I am very happy with the product !
 I bought my reservoir abut 4 yrs ago , 2006 . Its always worked well for me . I know that the manual or whatever came with it said not to over tighten the lid . I actually went too far the other way , not tightening it enough . Then it leaked.I learned that a bit tight is fine . I wonder if some of the people complaining may not be getting an inferior product to what I got . That 's a possibility.Maybe the company cheapened the construction since I bought mine ? I do n't know.The Drinkwell can be damaged , I think , if it runs dry . So having the reservoir is some help , plus , it means there 's lotsa water down , should an emergency arise , and you ca n't get to it for a few days.I try to keep mine very full , topping the reservoir off every day or so . I think that if I were n't so paranoid , if the fountain and reservoir are both full , it might last more than a week before filling.This is a 3-kitty household .
 Works great , but one thing to know if you find the reservoir continually overflowing the bowl
 I 'd had the Drinkwell fountain for a couple weeks , as I wanted to test and see if I really needed this additional reservoir -LRB- I had a feeling I would , with 3 cats and a smallish dog -RRB- . And , yeah , I do!While the fountain holds more water than my old Petmate fountain , having the ability to add this reservoir is one of the additional things that sold me on Drinkwell.I generally do n't fill mine up to the very top , as it simply `` rests '' on the back of the unit - it seems really secure , but with my rambunctious brood , I do n't want to chance that they 'll somehow knock over and I 'll come home to all 50 ounces on my floor . Even so , only filling it up half way gets me three days of use before having to fill it again -LRB- I do have another water dish in another part of the house that sees quite a bit of use -RRB- . Before I added the reservoir , I was adding water nearly every day.Cleaning it is so easy , since it 's plenty big enough for me to jam my hand and dishrag down in there.I did have small troubles with getting the lid/seal to fit back on after it 's first cleaning -- I was rushing , and just jammed it all together , and tossed it on the fountain ... . came back 10 minutes later to discover that I had n't gotten the seal properly in the lid before putting it together , and this caused it to leak continuously . Lake Westgate had formed . Oy . It was my malfunction , but it 's something to be aware of - that little gasket ring must be properly in place , or you 'll be sad . And likely have wet socks . And have little wet animal prints on darn near everything.Still - it 's a 5 star item ... the pair of fountain and reservoir have made my critter watering tasks much more simple AND I know they are drinking the water they need -LRB- instead of licking the tub , for instance -RRB- .
 I have n't owned this product for very long , but so far it works great . My cat loves the water bowl , she was scared of it at first but now she loves the water bowl . It is easy to clean and the extra reservoir help ensure that the motor does not burn out from being dry . I hope this eliminates her getting bladder infections from not drinking enough water -LRB- much more expensive than the water bowl ! -RRB-
 I 'm glad a purchased this because it really cuts down on having to constantly re-fill . I experienced the `` flood '' once , but only once . I would definitely recommend this product .
 This reservoir will effectively double the capacity of your drinking fountain so your cats get 100 ounces of water . You can change every other day instead of every day -- nice , if you are going on vacation or it 's really warm and you know they need extra water.The fountain itself is dishwasher safe , but the reservoir is NOT . We had to buy a replacement for ours because we melted it . Just give it a good hand wash and dry and it 'll be ready to go in minutes , but do n't throw it in the washer!Rebecca Kyle , May 2009
 I had our Drinkwell system for almost a year before I purchased the reservoir . It was n't until I was taking an out of town trip for several days that I bought it . Drinkwell is an outstanding product and this attachment made it that much better . I used to refill the bowl about every two days or so , and now I only have to refill it about once a week . It really cuts down on the maintenance .
 MY DOGS ARE VERY HAPPY WITH THE FOUNTAIN . THEY TAKE TURNS DRINKING FROM THE BOWEL AND THE STREAM . THEY DEFINITELY DRINK MORE WATER AND DRINK LONGER . I PUT ICE IN THE EXTRA RESEVOIR SO THE WATER STAYS COOLER . hIGHLY RECOMMEND THIS
 Bought this over other products because resevoir is removable , a little hard to untwist at times but very easy to clean . Lid hard to unscrew , discovered run under warm water and it comes right off . Hand wash .
 Although my cat is afraid of the Drinkwell because of the hum I think it is a great product . Filtering the water that your pet drinks is much cleaner and healthier .
 The reservoir is a great way to keep the fountain full , without having to be around . It simply hooks over the back of the fountain . Easy to use and matches the original fountain . Glad we bought it , and so is our dog .
 Great attachment for the Drinkwell but I do wish I had gotten the bigger size for when I go out of town .
 Awesome !! Rock on ! product got here fast !! Cats love the product . Thanks !! Awesome !! Rock on ! product got here fast !! Cats love the product . Thanks !!
 Exactly as advertised ... replacing a larger one I already had ... . it is a Godsend to extend fountain contents for a full week ... . but not longer as the fountain will get slimy ...
 It sure is a time saver as you no longer have to keep going back time and time to silence the noisy pump motor because it is low on water again . This keeps the water level up where it should be so no more frequent trips to the sink .
 My Kitty LOVES flowing water , and this resevoir helps out by lasting a few days 'til I have to refill it .
 I WOULD HIGHLY RECOMMEND THE RESERVOIR . IF YOU DONT USE ONE YOU ARE CONSTANTLY ADDING WATER SO THE MOTOR DOESNT RUN DRY . MY RESERVOIR LASTS ABOUT 1 WEEK FOR 3 CATS .
 This was a replacement for me . I made the mistake of putting the last one in the Dishwasher and it melted down . Not going to do that again !
 I love my pet fountain and I find the reservoir very helpful . I have two kittens and they drink a fair about of water . Without the reservoir , the fountain was becoming dry and the motor would make a horrible sound . With the reservoir , I do not have to add water as often and it keeps the fountain from running out .
 If you 've gotten tired of hearing that -LRB- almost out of water noise -RRB- and having to refill the water bowl about every other day , the Drinkwell Reservoir is a great relief . You only need to refill the container about every 4 to 5 days .
 If you have a Drinkwell , this is absolutely a must have . It is terrific because it extends the water capacity so you do n't have to lift the Drinkwell itself to refill it . I got the 50 ounce one and I CONVENIENTLY refill it every one or two days because my cats LOVE the Drinkwell so much.The Drinkwell has been the best invention for cats since the Littermaid electric litter pan . It keeps them drinking lots of water , which is a good thing . The reservoir also help compensate for the splashing from those cats who think the Drinkwell is their personal spa.Highly recommended . Good quality . Tight seal . No spill .
 We 've had the drinkwell for a month now , and our cat loves it . The additional reservoir is a must . We fill it up once a week or so unless our dogs drink in which case it goes much faster .
 I 'm glad I took the advice to purchase the reservoir . It works well , and it provides the peace of mind you need when you need to be away for a few days , and want plenty of water available for your cat . The instructions are clear , and simple to follow .
 My dog -LRB- Shi-Tzu -RRB- loves this . The main purpose of this review is to warn everyone that the reservoir bottle may get damaged in the dishwasher . I turned on heated drying and the bottle came out in an `` interesting shape '' and unusable -LRB- this might explain why I 'm shopping for a new reservoir -RRB- . I 've washed the main unit in the dishwasher several times with no ill effects .
 I saw this in a magazine . I wanted a solution because my kitten used to play with water and make it messy . He used to splash water with his paw and the whole floor would be wet . So , I tried this pet fountain . My kitten and dogs love this . I also got the 50 oz attachment also . So now , they have fresh water all the time . My dogs are happy because they do n't have carry their empty bowl out to me when they were thirsty . It gets noisy when it needs refilling . I have had it for about 2 weeks now . Maybe it is just a habit from cleaning pet water and food dishes , but I do clean it when I need to add fresh water . Now I only need to give the pets ' fresh water every 11/2 to 2 days instead of twice or three times a day . Also , I do n't have to worry about whether I have filled it up . When it needs refilling , I usually wash it and fill it and the 50oz attachment and it is good for almost 2 days.Oh yes , the kitten does n't make it messy now .
 Nothing complicated about this unit . Hook the stand onto the back of the Drinkwell fountain , fill the container , flip it over into the stand then go play with your pets ! With four cats and a dog , I needed a more than the fountain 's capacity . The fountain to which this is attached is in a vanity kneespace -- tight quarters . I already had the larger capacity refill on a fountain elsewhere , but it was too awkward in size to get flipped and onto the stand on this one . This size gave me the extra capacity and was manageable in the space I have . The unit adds apprx . 5 '' to the depth and 2-1/4 '' to the height of the fountain . It adds nothing to the width of the unit . No problems or complaints at all . It serves us very well .
 Bought this just a few months ago and wish I had bought it when I got the fountain ! I was having to add water daily to the fountain -LRB- with 2 cats using it -RRB- and several times was awoken in the middle of the night by the pump running low . Now I fill the reservoir with ice cubes about every 3 days and that 's enough for my two . The ice gives them some cool water on the first day and also lessens the chance of water leaking out when inverting to place on the base .
 The refill accessory -LRB- in both 50 and 70 oz sizes -RRB- definitely cuts the refill-maintenance in half . Since it doubles the capacity you only refill half as often . You still have to clean the fountain regularly as recommended . A different reviewer mentioned that the clear reservoir is not dishwasher-safe , and that warning is stated quite clearly in the manual . Throwing caution to the wind I ignored the warning and now have an oddly-shaped container that with some squeezing still works as expected .
 I ca n't really say much about this . It does n't leak , which is a plus and the only thing that worried me . The plastic is sturdy and does n't seem prone to breaking/cracking . It sits on the back of the fountain and just feeds in water to the fountain as needed . Instead of filling the fountain every day , I now just fill the reservoir every 4 days or so . Definitely a convenience factor that I find worth paying for .
 If you have a pet cat or dog this pet fountain is the best thing that you can do for them . Constant fresh running water , very quiet and minimal maintenance . Set it and forget it .
 I was having to refill the water every day , now I can usually wait at least 3-4 days , I love it !
 I live in a warm climate and I like to be assured my cat is well hydrated which keeps her healthy and happy .
 I have two cats and they LOVE their water fountain . The reservoir means that I do n't have to refill it everyday . It is easy to clean and I know that my pets have plenty of fresh water . I have two water fountains and have the reservoir for both of them .
 I had no problems with this leaking as some others did ... I think its REALLY important that it is sitting level . I would fill it up with ice then water so my critters had cool water for most of the day . They really liked it . Unfortunately my fountain went on the fritz so I needed to buy a newer model that the reservoir did not fit . Worth buying ... to ensure the animals have plenty of water .
 My dogs love drinking out of this water dispenser , it 's easy to clean and it makes a nice waterfall sound . So far the filters are easy to buy and not that expensive , they last about a month .
 I bought this product because I was tired of refilling the fountain a cup at a time . When I got the fountain , the cats started drinking more water . When I got this reservoir , they started drinking even more.It 's easy to set up , and easy to refill . Now I only fill the jug once every couple of days instead of at least twice a day . I was expecting to only have to do it maybe once a week , but now I realize that might have been a bit wishful . Some of the reviews say it 's easy to knock the unit over , but I have n't experienced that problem at all . I like this thing almost as much as my cats .
 This product works as it should.I 'm surprised that the reservoir is not built into the fountain as it is an important part of the fountain if you do n't want to be adding water everyday.The tabs on the reservoir could be stronger so as to avoid be broken when being handled.Such as when being washed , or being setup by a child.Once working everything is fine and works well and is well priced.Shipping was fast and it was well packed .
 My cat has been using the original Drinkwell that I purchased about 5 or 6 years ago . To clean it , I 've always put the entire thing in the dishwasher , with no problems . Apparently , the temperature of the hot water in my building was cranked up , because one day I took the reservoir out of the dishwasher and it was warped so that the lid no longer fit snugly and water leaked out all over the floor when attached to the fountain . I ordered the replacement reservoir , which arrived in about 2 days . In the directions that accompanied it , I noticed that it says that you can wash the entire Drinkwell in the dishwasher ... EXCEPT for the reservoir , which you must wash by hand . I guess I was lucky that the previous one lasted as long as it did ! But the new one works as well as the other one did , and my cat gets to keep using her Drinkwell fountain , which she has always loved . Things could n't have worked out better !
 I have 5 cats and I was having to fill the bowl twice a day , so I decided to get the reservoir.I works great ! The only thing you have to be careful of is when you are tipping it to set it in place - you need to be quick about it or it will spill some . I would definitely recommend this item !
 Out cat will not drink still water from a bowl . This product tricks her into thinking the water is fresh running water from the tap - her favorite beverage ! It is easy to fill and clean and does not make too much noise . During the summer I fill the bowl with ice and at least for an hour or two she can drink cold water from the fountain .
 We are very happy with the fountain . We are also happy with the price , and the service we got with the order . Thank you .
 I have a couple of these . They are a great product and the cats love them ! Delivery was fast .
 We got our first fountain when the neighbors cats did not like the water dish . Our cats are less uptight . The pump eventually died after 2 years . To keep it running smoothly & quietly , remove the inevidable cat hair accumulation on the flow monitor ... clean it weekly . We have fun watching the cats bat around the water stream & drink from the stream too . Yes , we are easy to entertain .
 I am very pleased with my Drinkwell product . My two cats are drinking more water these days which was my goal . This product is easy to clean and I do this twice a week . Before , I felt as though I had to put fresh water out every day . Therefore it is a time saver for me .
 This is the best pet water fountain . I have had it for about 3 months now and it has worked with no problems . It is so easy to clean and as long as you do this at least every 6 weeks you will not have any problems with this fountain . It is so easy to take the motor out , clean inside of it and then replace the filter . The filters are inexpensive . My cats -LRB- 4 of them -RRB- drink so much more water now that we have this fountain . It is also very quiet compared to other fountains . I love how you can control the water flow . My cats tend to drink right from the flowing water . They just love it ! This is one of my best purchases on Amazon .
 I have owned three of these products . Keep two at all times . Highly recommend if you have cats .
 I had tried another type of drinking fountain that plugged up in 2 weeks . I purchased the Drinkwell -LRB- the brand that my vet had recommended -RRB- and took the other type back and I am so glad I did . The cats love it , drink from it alot , it does n't clog up , and it is easier to clean . It was worth the extra money !
 This is our second Drinkwell Fountain . The first one lasted over 5 years and only quit working because our water is so bad . On this one , we are only using purified water so it will last even longer.When we used a bowl for water , the cats hardly drank anything , but with the fountain , they drink much more which is healthier for them.I would for sure buy another Drinkwell Fountain .
 I was one of the first customers of Drinkwell Pet Fountains , I remember I called the Owner , the vet and talked with her about her new product . It has to be more than 10 to 15 years ago that I got my first fountain . Well I needed a new motor , the fountain was leaking because of the seal on the motor . They wanted to sell me a new motor for $ 18.00 . But Drinkwell updated their product , and got smart and got a new motor design . It is smaller , much easier to remove . I mean the old motor was really a pain to remove . This new motor is much smaller and they did some redesign how it screws into the unit.So the old Drinkwell has been retired and I got this new one from Amazon at an Amazing price . The new Drinkwell is running and I do n't hear a thing . Leo , my little buddy , checked out his new possession and gave me a thank you meow . I have always loved the Drinkwell , I can not give this a better recommendation , that I bought a new one , after so many years . The best investment I could make for my little furry friend .
 It 's true that cats like to play in and drink running water . In addition , the splash and murmur of the drinkwell is a soothing background sound for the human owner ! I discarded the filter because it seemed like an unnecessary complication to me -- our water in Little Rock is very good and tasty . I also bought a couple of baby bottle brushes for cleaning , as the fountain has several little nooks and crannies that get pretty slimy -LRB- I have four cats -RRB- . You can ditch the little lid on the top ; my cats take it off every time , because they want to drink out of the TOP of the reservoir instead of the bowl !
 My cat loves running water , so this was the perfect solution for her . This is a great fountain . It 's easy to clean and maintain .
 This fountain is great . My only negatives are that it 's a little on the expensive side , the motor can be somewhat noisy at times , and it 's a little inconvenient to clean . With that being said , I think it 's all worth it as my two cats drink noticeably more water now . The motor is n't unbearably loud , as I 'm able to sleep with it in my bedroom and I can stick most of it in the dishwasher to clean -LRB- I clean the motor out with a q-tip and a paper towel -RRB- . I do n't recommend buying the cleaning brushes . I did and I never use them .
 I have 1 & have given 2 as gifts . Love 'em . Some are more noisy than others . This unit is louder than the older model I have . Just wish is was a different material , the resin allows for hard water build up & sometimes takes a lot of scraping to get clean . For finiky cats it 's GREAT & it saves me from cleaning cat hair from the sink & leaving the water faucet on for the cats !
 My cats and I love the Drinkwell Original Pet Fountain . We are on our second fountain . Unfortunately I did n't unplug it when I went on vacation , did n't tell the cat sitter that it needed to be filled up regularly and when I came home 6 days later , the motor no longer worked . In fact I have a cat that lies beside the fountain like he expects the water to start running anytime . Now I could kick myself for throwing the old motor out -LRB- it was old and noisy , but still worked -RRB- . I would love to just replace the motor as I just started using the fountain a month ago . Found a site that sells the motor , but it is almost as much as buying an entire new fountain , so I am debating the purchase .
 My cat loves running water . Whenever I went into the bathroom and he heard the shower or sink , he would cry at the door until I let him in so he could watch and drink the water . This was fine some of the time , but I dont always have the time to sit with him at the sink . Buying this fountain was the answer I was looking for !! He loves it just as much as he loved the sink . He now crys in the morning for me to plug it in for him . He is drinking all the time -LRB- in the beginning he actually threw up from drinking too much , but I think he learned his limit now -RRB- . The water stays clean -LRB- just make sure you change it weekly -RRB- and has made him happy . It 's fairly easy to clean , and does n't make so much noise , just a low hum that you get used to . I would recommend this to all cat owners .
 This is my second purchase of this item . My son burned out the motor on the first one by forgetting to refill it . This time we bought the extra 70 oz . water reservoir with it . We have two cats who absolutely love drinking from this . One of them only drank from the toilet before we got this fountain because he did n't like that the other cat liked to `` flavor '' the water with a piece of dry cat food every day . I have not seen him drinking from the toilet at all since we bought this fountain . The other cat does not put food into this one often anymore either , but even when he does , I think the filter is helping keep the water palatable for the other cat . The picky one tends to drink right where the water comes out at the top where it is freshly filtered . The other cat likes to drink from the stream of water , too , rather than from the bowl . Both cats were drawn to the fountain immediately when we set it up , and used it without any hesitation.I have found many good points to the Drinkwell . I think the price is reasonable . It is pretty easy to clean as well . My 10 year old is more than capable of disassembling it and cleaning it without help . We clean it every weekend , although it can skip a week when the cat does n't add food to it . The fact that the fountain filters the water does seem to make a difference because my picky cat really drinks a lot more now , too.One drawback is that the fountain itself does not hold a lot of water . It needed refilling every other day in our house , and it ran dry causing the motor to be ruined on our first model . The purchase of the additional reservoir has completely eliminated that problem . We can easily go all week without having to add water , and the cats are still happy with the water quality because of the filter . I would definitely recommend buying the extra reservoir if you do n't want to worry about making sure the fountain is refilled daily . Another slight drawback is that the motor is a little loud . We keep it in our kitchen , and I find it a little annoying during dinner . It is really no different than having a fish tank , though.This is a purchase I am very glad I made . My cats drink a lot more water now , and we do n't have to refill the bowl nearly as often with the purchase of the extra reservoir !
 We bought our first Drinkwell at a garage sale so I do n't know how old it was . We used it for several years and then the motor got really loud and one day it stopped working . We took it apart and broke some parts . It was only a few dollars more to get a whole new one , so we read the reports and got a new one . It was very loud at first . After reading other reviews , we have started to use only distilled water in this new one . My cat loves it !! We are not very good at maintenance issues and hope it lasts a long time even if we do n't clean it out weekly .
 The cats appear to like it and prefer to drink from the spout or play in the water . It 's tedious to clean and I just wish the filters lasted longer and were cheaper . Waiting for my aquagarden to go in it : -RRB-
 The Drinkwell fountain arrived promptly , and i set it up in the garage for the cats ... they seem ok with it ; it doesnt fascinate them like water running from the faucet , but seems to keep the water fresher longer for them . my only hangup is its definitely a tad noisier - , motor hum nearly as loud as sound of the running water , than i would like anywhere in the house . needs a bit of esthetic product design tweaking for my taste as well .
 Okay , jokes aside , this is a great product ! My cat now leaves all sinks and faucets alone in the condo -- this drinkwell mimicks the waterfall action of a faucet . The only drawback is no timer and it can be somewhat loud when it is low on water .
 this works wonderfully . it is very quiet and does n't need to be refilled but every few days , even with four cats . they love it , too !
 Overall good product . At first my cat did not like the fountain , but it quickly grew on him . My main issues with the product are 1 -RRB- Short cord . B -RRB- Motors makes very louds noises during the day and night.The product is constantly loud , but those occasion noises are enough to keep me awake at night , so I had to move the product farther away from the bedroom .
 I got the drinkwell fountain for my 3-month-old kitten , Miley - she loves it ! At first she was a little confused by it , but after an hour or so she warmed up to it completely . She loves to drink directly from the stream , and the excitement of it -LRB- and clean/filtered water -RRB- keeps her coming back for more ! She seems to drink significantly more water than my previous cat , so this product gets a perfect 5/5 from me and Mileybear.Only time will tell how the motor holds up , but if I get a year out of it , I 'll feel like I got my money 's worth .
 This purchase was made to replace the same model that we bought in 2005 . The only thing wrong with the old one is that I went on vacation , forgot to unplug it , and the motor overheated and burned out . It would 've been almost as expensive to replace the motor as it was just to buy the whole thing , plus we get everything else brand-new this way.After doing a lot of reading of other 's comments on the newer models , I decided that going with a `` known quantity '' was better than taking the risk with the new model , since the new one seemed to have a number of its own problems.The only complaint I had with my old fountain , and continue to have with the replacement , is that the motor is a little difficult to remove at cleaning time . This is not a huge issue.As for the cats ' opinions , they had to drink out of regular bowls for a few days while we awaited the replacement 's arrival . They thought that was a bit strange , and they were happy to have a fountain back in place.Oh , and what 's one of the most important things to do in order to maintain the fountain ? Keep it clean . That is , follow the manual 's instructions . Ca n't emphasize that enough .
 This purchase was my second of this item . My cats loved it and drank a lot of water . That was why I bought the first one in hopes they would . The first one just wore out and was glad I could still get another like it . I paid less for this one as Amazon had a better price and shipping was free . Just be sure you clean it at regular intervals .
 This is the second fountain I 've bought for my cats . The original fountain died after only a short time . This fountain is durable , quiet and easy to use . My cats love it and drink a lot of more water than they did with just a regular bowl of water . When purchasing the fountain , I highly recommend purchasing the reservoir also .
 This fountain is great for cats . All of my cats were apprehensive about using it at first but quickly warmed up to it and love drinking from it . It holds a lot of water which is also a plus.My only beef with the fountain is that I have to refill it once or twice a day to keep it from running dry . I do n't know if my cats drink a lot of water or if it 's evaporating or what . I solved this problem by buying an extra reservoir for the back.I would recommend this for anyone who 's worried about their cats getting enough water . The fountain encourages cats to drink .
 Our cat would only drink from the bathroom sink faucet when we first adopted her . A BIG pain in the neck and lots of hair in the sink and bathtub . So we got this . At first she hated it , but when I added the grass growing feature , she had to try it out . She now will only drink from the fountain.Pros
 I picked up the Drinkwell Original Pet Fountain during one of Amazon 's Holiday lightning rounds in November . Several Vetenarians had recommended it and the reviews were positve . I have tried other fountains with mixed results from my two cats . One of them loved it , the other did n't drink for a day until we put the water dish back out . Naturally I was skeptical that this fountain would be any more successful . However both my boys love it and while no two cats are the same , if you have pets that are naturally engaged with their environment and have high levels of curiousity the Drinkwell should be a good fit.Pros : Large Storage Capacity w / ability to add an addtional reservoir makes it ideal for 2 or more animals . The Filtration system with motor keeps the water circulating , so hair and gunk does n't build up in the dish . The water stream is adjustable . There are n't a lot of components
 Overall , I really like this fountain . After 3 years , my Petmate fountain motor died . I decided to go with a new fountain instead of just replacing the motor . I 'm going to compare the two : How this one is better : Better quality plastic , easier to cleanLooks nicerCan add extra water reservoirsCat likes the stream of water betterNot better : It is a little noisier . -LRB- I 'm not talking about the awful noise that it makes if it is too low , the other one did that too . -RRB- It 's noticeably louder , even with the stream of water on low , but not enough that I want to switch back . It just takes some getting used to . I keep it in the kitchen , so if you have it somewhere more out of the way it would n't be an issue .
 When I first opened this package the product seemed cheap . It is lightweight plastic , and it was looking doubtful it would be worth anything . It actually works very well , and it is suprisingly quit.I purchased the cat grass pod , and it kind of sucks . It does n't stay clipped on , and the cats can not get the grass out . I have to cut it and serve it to them on a plate . Probably will not waste the money on anymore seed pods .
 It does work . Before , the only way my cats would drink water was when I turned on the bathroom faucet . They did n't care for the water bowl because it loses oxygen or something like that . It was pretty annoying and I would worry they would get dehydrated if I was n't home . But after I got the drinking fountain , I see them drinking from it through out the day . They sometimes even played with the flowing water.Although you can hear the water flowing , it does n't bother me at all . It sounds like one of those therapeutic fountains . The only time it makes an annoying noise is when the water is running out , which is good because it acts as a reminder to refill the reservoir.The only thing that 's a pain is washing it . It 's not as simple as washing a bowl , just because the electric cord is attached to the fountain -LRB- of course -RRB- .
 Well , the bowl came cracked and leaked all over my floor , but I called Drinkwell and they immediately sent a replacement at no charge . My husband thinks it 's noisy , -LRB- how he can say THIS is noisy in house with three kids under 5 I do n't know -RRB- , but I do n't think it is at all . I never would have noticed the quiet hum , if he had n't pointed it out . The flowing water is louder than the hum and that 's a soothing sound , but even that is n't very loud . But the most important thing is that our cat is drinking more water now ; he loves it . I 'm just thrilled because he 's had urinary tract problems and the vet said he needs to drink more water , so I am very glad we bought this .
 I have had my Drinkwell fountain for about 6months now . I have 4 cats and they all love it . It took a while to get them to drink from it , but its a great product.On the lowest setting there is virtually no `` water noises '' like splashing and it does not make noise.Every once in a while it needs to be cleaned * once a month or so * and that only takes about 20 minutes * I use pipe cleaners and a small scrubber * On the highest flow setting it reminds me of a table fountain * the zen relaxation kind * and will make you thirsty.All in all a great product . The price on Amazon is fantastic . I live in Alaska and I paid over $ 65 for mine .
 We love this fountain ! Our cat is wierd and loves fresh water , as in wants it moving and straight from the source . She would run to the sound of water every time she heard it so we needed to do something to keep her out of the sinks and shower . We bought her this and she absolutely loves it ! After she took a long drink she sat and watched it for quite a while . You can adjust the flow of water . If you want just a trickle it is n't as loud and the water does n't move very much , or go up to a normal flow like from a faucet . Even on the full flow it still is n't very loud . It holds a fair amount of water , but if you want to go for about a week without filling you had better get the tank to go with it .
 We had been looking at several Pet Fountains for awhile and finally chose this one . We are very happy with our decision and so are our two cats ! They both seem to be drinking a bit more water , which we believe is a good thing for them . Many times they enjoy drinking directly from the spout . Be sure to get the optional 50 oz reservoir as we have to refill it multiple times during the week .
 I really like how this fountain functions and the fact that there is a filter . Before , I was using a regular fountain with no filter and the water would get grimy and a film would form on the top . Now , the water stays clean . The only thing I do n't like about it is that a new filter , even when soaked before placing in the fountain , leaks out carbon into the water so that it forms a ring around the bowl . I have three cats and one of them would not drink out of it until I replaced the water in the fountain . Once the carbon residue was gone , she came around .
 My cat loves this fountain . I believe she drinks more water because of it . One word of warning - do n't remove the pump motor to clean the fountain . We did this and it caused a hairline crack so the fountain then leaked . We could n't repair it , so we bought another . When it 's time to clean this one , we will do it with the pump in place which can easily be done . There is no need to remove the pump .
 Pretty straight-forward ; just what I expected . My cat likes it , although I admit she initially kept asking for me to turn the bathtub faucet on . Now she just drinks out of this , and might jump into the bathtub right after I shower . She is n't bumming for me to turn the bathtub faucet on every few hours anymore , which is good . Overall , I 'm satisfied ! Motor is very subtle and quiet . I do n't even notice it anymore .
 Bought this for our 1 year old Maine Coon mix . He used to love drinking out of the kitchen or bathroom faucet , it got to be a little ritual in the mornings and evenings . Eventually he got so used to it that he would sit and lick a dry faucet until we would run it for him . So sad ... and a little gross . For his birthday we bought him this fountain , and he likes it and uses it regularly . Despite some of the reviews I read , it is not noisy at all , very quiet when filled to the proper level . I like the adjustable flow , which also helps cut down on the noise if you adjust it down . It has a nice long cord , so you can find an outlet without a problem . Clean it and change the water once a week , and it is good to go .
 I applaud for this fountain . I love it , cats love it . Everything is dishwasher safe . All the parts come apart . Clean the pump about every two weeks . I love the fact that it doesnt get water all over my floor . I recommend buying the extra reservoir , it is handy so you dont run out of water and burn out your pump . Burning out your pump is the most common issue with any cat fountain . The reservoir is nice for weekend getaways too , fear not your cats will not die of dehydration . Worth the money by far .
 ... if I might say.I 've owned a couple of these and they all use basically the same set up.this one i like because it 's easy to take apart and put back together ... 3 parts that are easy to clean and take care of . The construction issimple and it 's easy to fill and re-fill . I thought about giving it 4 starsfor the constant hum of the motor , which is entirely annoying , but once you leave the room it 's really not an issue at all.you can dial the water flow down to a trickle , or up to a small splash.I keep it on low .
 My cats love flowing water - they would jump up in the sink to get to the dripping tap . The fountain was the answer ! It is excellent - it flows at differnt rates . I think it needs washing out ever 2 days because of bits of food dropping in , but that is no problem . I understand it goes in the dishwasher .
 Although I only own one cat , it has been a great benefit for her and for me ! When I first bought fountain , it made a loud humming noise . However , I realized that as long as the bowl was kept full of water , the sound diminished . Since then , I have recently purchased the 50oz reservoir and it has kept the noise level down to a minimum . I even added a few ice cubes to chill the water . I have n't had to fill the bowl now for several days and the reservoir is still quite full . The cleaning is easy keeping maintenance down to a minimum . My cat really enjoys drinking from the spout . She even drinks more water which has reduced her bowel problems greatly . I would definitely recommend this product to all pet owners .
 My very picky cat loves drinking out of this . We have n't had any problems with it . It 's easy to clean .
 My cat Ziggy really likes the drinkwell fountain ! She does n't want to drink from the bathroom fauset anymore , and I do n't have to worry about remembering to turn it off after she is done !
 My cats love this fountain , and so do I . It is small enough to handle easily ; large enough to keep a healthy supply of clean water available to my 2 large cats.I have difficulty dealing with `` large '' fountains that are cumbersome and have too many parts . This fountain is a perfect size , has only a few snap-apart parts , and cleans easily.I recommend purchasing the set of 3 brushes that aid beautifully in the cleaning process .
 As an animal rescuer of abandoned kittens , one of my biggest problems has been getting them transitioned from the bottle to the bowl . This pet fountain seems to be a great source of entertainment for them , while also getting them to drink plenty of water . It 's quiet , clean , and the waterfall has a very pleasing sound . I 'd recommend this fountain for anyone with with pets !
 My cats love this fountain . Our first Drinkwell fountain was in constant use for about 3 years until it was inadvertently stepped on and broken beyond repair . Two cheap replacements only lasted 8 and 3 months , respectively . I bought another Drinkwell fountain in July , 2010 through Amazon and after a year and a half , it 's still working just fine . I take it apart every 3-4 weeks to clean it thoroughly and replace the filter.The ONLY problem I have with it - which resulted in 4 instead of 5 stars - is that the pump is very hard to remove for cleaning . And it DOES need to be cleaned . It necessarily attaches in a very tight , leakproof seal , but is situated in such a way as to make it very , very difficult to detach from its housing . If there was more space allowed to apply sufficient leverage to remove the pump more easily , I 'd have given this fountain 5 stars . Btw
 this is a great product , but dont bother with the filters , the water just runs over the top of them ...
 I bought this fountain about 6 years ago for my 2 cats -LRB- I have since added a 3rd kitty -RRB- . My cats took to it right away as they all enjoy drinking from running water . Do note that you must keep it clean . I was surprised to find that some reviewers clean it as little as once a month or so . I take the fountain completely apart every week and wash all the parts -LRB- except the motor , of course -RRB- in the dishwasher -LRB- top shelf only -RRB- . I give all the parts a good rinse after the dishwasher , to ensure that any residue is gone . This is especially important for the reservoir since there is no way to place it in the dishwasher to avoid water remaining in it through the full cycle . I also remove the aerator from the motor , put the aerator through the diswasher with the other small parts , and clean out the motor housing with the small bristle brush from the cleaning kit . It only takes a few minutes to do the cleaning . For those who complain about charcoal residue from the filters , if you will simply rinse the filters well , in cool water , before placing them in the fountain , there will be no charcoal residue -LRB- or very little , at most -RRB- . I use bottled spring water in the fountain , which is the same water I drink . It seems to help avoid the mineral residue that would occur if I used tap water . BTW , I have hardwood floors . I bought an inexpensive , small , non-slip throw rug , put a plastic pet place mat on the rug , and set the fountain on top . Even though my fountain has never leaked or spilled , I feel that this gives my floors added protection . I highly recommend the fountain .
 my kitties love this fountain , it 's actually the second one I 've purchased ... one for upstairs and one downstairs . They work really well .
 I purchased this for my kitten and she loves it . It is a bit noisy -LRB- and I just purchased it and have cleaned it twice already -RRB- but it is n't loud enough to disturb you unless you are using it in a room where you would be sleeping . It is easy to clean and operate .
 Well worth it ! And if you put water in it every day , you do n't need to buy an extra container to hold more water unless you 're going away for long periods of time .
 We have two
 I purchased the Drinkwell Pet Fountain for my older cat about two years ago , and I have been almost completely satisfied with this product , with one exception
 I 've been using this product for about ten years . The cats love it and always get plenty of water . I struggled for some time with cleaning it though . There are several places that are hard to reach with even a toothbrush or other style brush.This is how i clean it . I rinse out any debris then refill it with water . Add about a fourth cup of bleach and turn it back on . -LRB- Preferably on a counter or somewhere the cat ca n't get to it -RRB- . Let it run for up ten minutes or so then wash it normally . If you have to you can repeat this process when its real dirty but if your cleaning it often enough you should be ok with one time.Cleaning it this way will clean every little nook and hard to reach spot . It will also get rid of any slime and most if not all discoloration . I used to get irritated everytime i had to clean this thing . Now its no big deal . Give it a shot .
 Length :
 We 've had our cat for a year and he 's been very finicky about water . He never liked to drink from his water bowl . He 'd always run into a room where he heard running water though and try and drink from it , even the toilet . That was very bothersome and gross.Now that we have this little fountain , he is drinking from it all of the time . I think he must finally be getting some much needed water in his diet . I 'm sure it 'll help keep him a healthy cat . Our last cat died from kidney disease . She never had the interest in running water , otherwise maybe we 'd have put two and two together . A product like this would have probably kept her from getting that disease.So , when I got the fountain in the mail , I did as the instructions said and flushed it out several times to remove any of the loose charcoil . Do it until the water is clear . Then I set it up and tried it out . It was very very loud , as in being in other rooms and hearing it loud . And yes , I had the water well above the intake . That scared me . I thought I made a bad purchase , because this was literally straight out of the box . Well , I did the only thing I could do . I took it all apart -LRB- as intended -RRB- . Then I ran some water through all of those areas and I put it back together . Come to find out , that did the trick . It was then pretty quiet . After you take it apart once or twice you see it 's not difficult . You 'll want to do that at least every 2-3 days and wash all of those few little parts that fit together out . If there 's ever anything that gets in there , a little hair , or some food , then you 'll have to clean it then . It tends to make louder noise in those cases.Our cat does love it . He stands on the side of it , so he can drink the falling water , like he 's drinking at a water fountain . Lately we 've even caught him once in a while just sitting stairing at it . lol This product may have added years to his life.If I have one recommendation for the company that makes this , it would be to give it a detachable power cord . That would help the cleaning process a lot .
 Let me be clear , this thing is great . I love it , and my list of pros/cons are almost entirely pros , but there are a few things I think prospective buyers should be aware of . Still , lets start with the pros : First , there 's less day-to-day work . You can go days , even a week , without touching it at all . Granted , when I do clean it , there 's a good deal of work involved , but I can go three weeks without cleaning it , and when I do I run 95 % of it through the dishwasher . When it comes down to it , I 'd rather work at it for 20 minutes once every 2-3 weeks than for 4 minutes every day - two in the morning and two in the evening , plus time to wash the bowl when it 's filmy . Speaking of which : There 's cleaner water for the cats . For us , water dishes get filmy and disgusting after less than a day , but my Drinkwell takes over two weeks to get to that state . I think this has contributed to the problem we had with one of our cats drinking out of our water glasses . I think she disliked her stale water so much she 'd look for fresh water elsewhere . We also had to keep our toilet seats down , which tells you how fresh she thought her bowl water was ... Overall there 's less mess . This might be a cat-specific thing , but one of ours , when drinking from a bowl , would lap the water up and over the side , splashing water everywhere . We have nearly zero problems with that now , even when she dips her paw in the water and licks it : -RRB- Those are the pros I can think of . Unfortunately I have a list of cons , but mixed in are some general tips I 've learned while using the fountain : I do n't know what people are thinking when they say that this fountain is quiet . It just is n't . First , I do n't know what does it , but about half the time , the whole thing buzzes . This is a combination of the motor and the plastic plate on the top . First , the motor ca n't be helped . I even received a free replacement from Drinkwell , and it vibrated just as much . This vibration causes the plastic plate on the top of the fountain to vibrate and , depending on how it 's seated , it buzzes like crazy , creating a very loud sound . This could have easily be solved by making the plate ever so slightly heavier . I also think that if you put the fountain on a hard surface , it has a greater tendency to buzz from vibration . I would try the Drinkwell mat , but it seems they 've neglected to create one for users who keep a reservoir attached.Also noisy is the sound of the water . It seems no matter what setting I put the flow on , it sounds like what you 'd think a water fountain would sound like . This is n't what you 'd expect , though , when you see the protrusion in the middle of the bowl that 's clearly there to reduce the sound/splash of the falling water . I eventually attached my fountain to an X10 switch so that when we 're watching TV I can turn it off.Lastly , as I indicated , there 's a flow setting for the water . I admit , at certain low flow levels , the sound of the falling water is not as loud . However , there 's a trade-off . I 've found that if you keep the water at the highest possible flow , the time between cleanings is greatly extended . On the lowest flow setting , the water starts getting gross after around 12 days . On the highest setting , that period seems to grow to over 22 days . I 've left it at the highest setting for my own convenience : -RRB- My last complaint is about the motor
 Length :
 I used to have a dripping faucet in the bathroom my cats liked to drink out of , and when I moved to a house with better plumbing they did n't seem terribly pleased to have to drink out of a regular water dish instead . So , being the over-indulgent cat person that I am , I got them one of these . They seem to be quite happy with it , and while it 's less convenient for me than filling a water dish , I do n't think I 'm sorry I bought it.A few good things to know :1 . It is extremely important to clean it regularly . It 's amazing how much cat hair can get stuck in the mechanism . I 've also had some problems with brown scum forming when I 've let it go too long , and that stuff is hard to get off once it shows up . It is a bit annoying to clean , at least if you do n't have a dishwasher . A bottle brush is essential for getting into all the little nooks and crannies .2 . I may be less sensitive to noise than other people , but as long as it 's kept full , I do n't find it at all noisy . There 's just a quiet hum and the sound of falling water . When the water level drops too far , though , it does make noises that are highly unpleasant to human and cat alike , so you need to keep it full . -LRB- The reservoir add-on is useful if you want to be able to go longer without adding water . It 's a particularly good idea if you have multiple cats . -RRB- 3 . Do n't worry if your cat does n't take to it right away . Mine were deeply freaked out by it at first , to the point where I briefly wondered if I 'd wasted my money , but within a day or two they 'd decided it was n't going to eat them , and once they passed that point they really took to it .4 . If you need to order a replacement part , I suggest calling the company rather than using the order form on their website . I broke the motor blade on mine , and when I ordered a replacement by mail , the new one did n't fit . Apparently there are two different sizes , and the order form does n't differentiate between them . -LRB- This may have been fixed since then ; it was a couple of months ago . -RRB- I 'll note that when I did call them , they were friendly and courteous and sent me the correct part right away with no hassle .
 I was really debating between the Petsmate and this Drihnkwell fountain , and I decided to get the Drinkwell in the end because most people who have tried both seemed to like this one more.My main concern before I bought it was the noise . I was really hoping that it wo n't be too loud . When I first put this on the counter , it did make a loud noise . It 's not terribly loud , but loud enough to be annoying . After moving it to the carpet , you ca n't hear the motor at all . It was very soft . Then I realized the the carpet muffled the motor . The motor of this machine is on the bottom , so when it vibrates against a hard surface , it makes a louder noise . If you buy this machine , be sure to put something soft underneath . I think a small towel folded in half should be good . It would help incase of spilling and also muffle the motor sound.The machine is made of thick plastic . It 's sturdy , but I wish the design was more attractive ... maybe provide a more fun or pastel color ? shiny white would even be better than speckled gray . It 's not very pretty . . , and looks kind of cheap ^ ^ ; One of my cat loved the machine . He does drink a lot more water , and I feel better providing something fresher for him . My older cat , however , really refuse to go near it . I guess he 's just scared.UPDATE
 I 've been using the Drinkwell Pet Fountain for almost 3 years now and would n't go back to using just a bowl of standing water.I think most cats like to drink fresh water from the tap , but wasting water by letting it drip all day is n't a very economical option . The flowing water can be adjusted in the Drinkwell to whatever your pet prefers and will encourage them to drink more often . There is a carbon filter that slips into the back chamber to make the water more appealing and crystal clear . The filters come 3 to a pack Drinkwell Pet Fountain - Replacement Filters for about $ 9 -LRB- when not on sale ! -RRB- and are said to be optional . Cleaning is a little difficult because of the narrow water uptake tube and the filter and pump chamber , but I only need to thoroughly clean the unit about once a month . I use a couple of sizes of bottle or aquarium brushes and a non-scratch scrubbing pad . I replace water as the level goes below the intake pump . -LRB- You 'll hear the pump taking in air if the water level is too low . -RRB- I use bottled water , as that 's what I drink and think it may be why the unit does n't need cleaning more often . During the summer months , I often use ice cubes to replenish the water and cool it , which my cat seems to appreciate.For one cat , using the standard water container is adequate , but if you are using this for a dog or are leaving for a weekend and leaving your cat at home , you may want to purchase the larger water container Drinkwell Additional Capacity Reservoir -LRB- 50oz -RRB- so you wo n't have to add water as often .
 My Persians love this -LRB- I think -RRB- . They preferred drinking from my sinks , kitchen and bath . One even refused water from a bowl.They love this , I think they love the sound and the sight of the water motion stimulates their interest and thirst .
 My cat has taken to the fountain like a fish to ... well , water . I like that the fountain has a large 50-oz capacity and adjustable output . I set it towards the lower end because my cat likes to splash . The set up was also easy . However , the motor is pretty noisy . The whine of the motor drowns out the pleasant waterfall sound of the fountain itself . I have a small apartment where the fountain is near my bedroom , so I turn it off at night . The noise does n't seem to bother my cat , though .
 I 've tried other fountains for my very fussy cat , this one works best . Not noisy , cat likes the flow of the water .
 We got this for our two cats . My cat fell in love with it right away , it was so cute watching her drink from the fountain and be so curious with . Our other cat took a few days to warm up to something like this . Now she loves it too . I like that it keeps the water fresh and I only have to clean it once a week .
 A friend of mine had one and I love it . So I bought one and am completely satisfied . Also priced them in stores . Their prices were a lot higher .
 My cat loves this . He drank water alright before , but he 's all over it now . I have to fill it up every other day .
 I was tired of our cat drinking from the sink and tub faucet . Have n't witnessed him drink from this since we got it over 3 weeks ago , but he has n't jumped in the sink anymore so I guess it 's working . Seems loud at first . It reminds of the the pumps that I used for the scuba diver decor in a fish tank . We got used to the hum so now it 's ignored . Just got ta keep if full enough so that it does n't do that coughing thing and scare the cats .
 So far it 's served the trick of getting my cat to drink more water . A few caveats
 Cat loves the free flowing water from her fountain and not getting toothpaste while barging in on sink usage . : -RRB-
 I bought one over 7 years ago , and the little motor finally died . I was always vigilant about keeping the entire unit clean , which I think extended its life span . I went online to order the same model , as I was not crazy about the newer ones , and cats are screwy , did n't want to mess with success . I was pleasantly surprised to not only find the original model , but how cheap it was -LRB- the whole thing was about $ 24 -RRB- . I did n't need the reservoir since I already had one . This has been working fine and am very satisfied with this product .
 This is a drinking fountain for cats . The cats seem to like and I hate writing reviews . Three more words
 Had for some time now and cats LOVE it ! It stopped them from coming to the sink . We were slightly apprehensive due to the reviews , but tried it anyway . Good product and would buy again!Recommendations : - Use a rubber backed carpet or car mat under it for those who have playful pets-Don ' t remove motor mount like directions suggest ... ours does n't get super dirty & pipe cleaner works well-Unplug at night if water noise or motor noise bothers you -LRB- motor noise slightly increases w / time -RRB- Our cats still use it even when unplugged in the evening.-Using filtered water when refilling your fountain helps lenghten filter use .
 This is my third pet drinking fountain - the first two were Petmates , since that is what my local pet store carried . I never liked the way they functioned , and found the amount of water they held to be dismal , but my cats definitely drank more water , so I tolerated it . The pump died on the second one , I researched , and ended up getting this Drinkwell fountain.Comparing it to the Petmate fountains , the Drinkwell is hands DOWN the winner . It is MUCH easier to keep clean - the way the pump is housed on the Petmate means all the fur and debris gets on the pump itself , not trapped by the little diverter thingie . If the pump was clogged on the PetMate , the whole unit has to be disassembled - no small task . With the Drinkwell , I 've found simply running my finger along the little screen on the water adjuster every day or so will gather all that hair/whatnot , keeping me from having to take the blessed thing apart . This definitely keeps the unit running more quietly , and will surely make it last longer.The way the water ran down the little slope on the Petmate caused all kinds of weird build up on the plastic - and this is having used every sort of water , from bottled to well to city . All of it caused this build-up , because of the way the whole thing functioned . With the Drinkwell spout style fountain , I 'm finding the water falls with just enough force to seem to keep this build-up from occurring - which again means less disassembly.Cleaning both of the units is a task , but the Drinkwell is the easier of the two to clean - fewer tight corners , no slope for buildup , no messing with the pump every time . Sure , it 's more work than a simple bowl of water , but for me , really worth it . You will need some kind of bottle brush to get into the nooks , but every household should have one of these on hand anyway . : -RRB- The Drinkwell naturally holds about twice the water of the Petmate -LRB- same entry level fountain -RRB- . I was refilling the Petmate twice every single day , but this one is maybe once a day , sometimes every other . It also is n't necessary to remove the water container in order to add water - simply take off the top and dump water in.The cats -LRB- and one small/medium dog -RRB- really like it . The dog was the most leery of the thing at first , but he 's totally gotten over it , and slurps happily . The cats find it very entertaining , and it does cause them to hover less at the sink to catch any running water there.I did get the 50 ounce reservoir , and it has cut down on my fountain maintenance even more.Highly recommended .
 A few months ago we rescued an adult cat , ` Dexter ' from our local shelter . He 's absolutely perfect in every way but one -- He would n't drink from his water dish ; he preferred drinking from the toilet ! Keeping all toilet lids down really didnt solve the problem , he would then just lap at the sauce from his wet food . We saw this item on your site and decided to give it a try . For the first couple of days he just watched it from a distance . Then my husband came up with the idea to play with him with his laser light and actually had the light moving all over the water . Dexter chased the laser light right to the water , putting his paw in it . He jumped ack at first , and then actually took a drink . Now he drinks from the stream of water several times a day . We consider it a wonderful product and know that our cat is much healthier getting the daily , fresh water that he needs .
 My male kitty is 7 years old and has suffered from struvite crystals several times , due to the fact when we go on vacation he gets upset and does n't drink enough water . This fountain is the trick ! He loves it ! He drinks from the fountain at least 3 times a day and drinks quite a bit of water ! He also finds it entertaining and puts his paws in the open pool area . It is a great product , well built , durable and easy to clean . I do not keep it continually running during the day when I am not home , as I have heard from others that the pump wo n't last long . I plug it in when I get home from work and kitty knows the routine and walks right over to it and starts drinking . If you want to keep your kitty from having urinary tract infections ~ this is the way to go .
 Our cat used to drink out of the motorized water dispensers -LRB- from Walmart -RRB- ... but after about 3 months , we would attempt to clean all the hard water deposits out of the dispenser , but it would still make a rattling noise and our cat refused to drink out of it . We replaced it 2 more times , with the same brand , and finally gave up . Our cat would follow us from sink to sink and we realized he wanted to drink from the faucet -LRB- on a slow stream -RRB- . After searching on Amazon for a replacement water dispenser , we came across the Drinkwell Pet Fountain , and we were thrilled . It 's just like a steady stream from the sink , we fill it with filtered water -LRB- to reduce the amount of calcium/deposits which normally built-up on the old ones from Walmart -RRB- and our cat LOVES this product !! We 've had it for months now and we do n't have any problems or complaints . We 're able to get to all the working parts when cleaning it out -LRB- only needed a slight cleaning once , so far ... dust bowl area in Hawaii -RRB- and we could n't be more satisfied !! The price is acceptable , the durability is great , and the optional attachments may be helpful for owners with more than one cat !! A must buy !!
 I clean my cat 's Pet Fountain using a Shark Steam Cleaner . Hot enough to kill bacteria and not hot enough to damage the plastic . The jet of steam gets into every nook and crannie including the motor . I have the steam cleaner for bathrooms and kitchen cleaning . Is very handy for the Pet Fountain . Be sure to put a drop of vegetable oil on the motor shaft before reassembling the Pet Fountain . I bought the first Drinkwell in 2000 .
 It works great , the dogs like it and it is really cool . The unit is a bit hard to clean , I take out the filter and then I wash it . When ordering the fountain get the bigger reservoir , because it is a stinker to refill , ca n't help but splashing water on the floor .
 I was reluctant to buy this fountain because a few people mentioned a loud motor . I have come to the conclusion that these people either received a defective product , or they are crazy . The motor is barely audible . The trickling water is what you hear.I purchased the product because even though I refreshed his water regularly , I never saw my cat drink water , or saw his water level go down . Ever . This has not changed , however , the water level does go down , so I think he really does use it . He expresses interest , but does not drink in front of me . I definitely recommend this drinking fountain , but I think the reservoir is unnecessary unless you have multiple cats . I bought the reservoir , but it never gets used before it 's time to change the water .
 Our cat loves his drinking well . It has also stopped him from trying to drink out of the sinks . We never got the grass bit . The motor is quite and brings a zen feel to his feeding area !
 We were having issues where our little girl was being quite unladylike and trying to get into the toilet . I thought maybe it had to do with her water dish . I was a little hesitant to dish out this much money for a cat water bowl , but boy am I glad I bought this item.The instruction book warns that it might take a little while for kitty to gt used to the motor sound and drink from the fountain . Yeah , like 10 seconds ! We 've had it for about 2 weeks and we have not caught little miss lingering in the bathroom or trying to drink from the toilet!We have n't had to clean the fountain yet , but we ordered the brush kit so we 'll be ready . I concur that this is an item that would be hard to clean without the brush kit so just buy it all at once and save on the shipping later . We also ordered extra filters.Not only does our cat like to drink from this item , but our ferret has gotten past splashing in it and will take a sip every so often as well . I agree with keeping the food bowl a slight distance as the food will clog the water intake.Our only complaint is that the constant sound of the water will make YOU need to go potty more often!LOVE THIS CAT FOUNTAIN !
 Received this fountain as a Christmas present from `` Santa '' to my cats . I was skeptical at first , since we -LRB- my fiance and I -RRB- have 10 cats between us , and one of them has neurological problems that cause him to drool excessively . It 's been an issue with regular water bowls ; rinsing and filling MANY times per day , scrubbing and disinfecting every day , plus additional bowls around for the other cats who do n't want spitty water in between.It set up in a couple of minutes , ALL cats drinking from it within an hour . And a couple playing it . Of course.In addition to the charcoal filter , I still take it completely apart every day , and replace the filter -LRB- I use the premium ones -RRB- every week . Side note
 Our cats love their new Drinkwell Pet Fountain . For some reason cats prefer to drink flowing water . I believe the flowing water helps to encourage them to drink more water . I am sure it helps keep their kidneys in good shape .
 My new &#34; rescue &#34; cat that I got from a local shelter had been refusing to drink except from my bathroom sink faucet ; she 'd jump up and would drink every time she heard the water running . She would n't touch water from a dish although I tried several different kinds . I gave this a shot , and I was so relieved when she immediately took to the Drinkwell Pet Fountain ! Interestingly , she drinks out of the bowl part and not from the spigot as I thought she might do.The filter as well as the water movement keeps the water clean and fresh and I find the unit very easy to clean and maintain . I would highly recommend it .
 Our 20 year old cat Sally has kidney problems and needs to drink LOTSof water ... our Vet recommended going on-line and buying -LRB- via Amazon ! -RRB- this Drinkwell Fountain which we now call `` The Cat Waterfall '' . I am certainthe added water drinking , inspired by the Drinkwell Fountain , has extendedthe life and quality of life of Sally . Please note - with our cat it took a fewdays for her to get used to the fountain so do n't be surprised if it takes yourcat a few days to start visiting it .
 I always was amused when my cat would drink from the faucet . Funny as heck ! When I found out about this fountain , I knew I had to get one for my Kitty . She LOVES it !
 I bought this to replace my old drinkwell that was exactly the same , but had been left in the sun and turned a little yellow and got a little crusty over the years from hard water . It 's nice to get a new clean one . I 've loved using these for my 2 cats and they love drinking out of them . Not too loud and you can adjust the waterfall to come out faster or slow . I have the half gallon attachment which is great and holds lots of water for when you are out of town . Will continue to buy these since my cats and I have enjoyed them and not having to refill the water every day .
 I have had my fountain for over a year now . My cat was extremely picky about her water and I could not get her to drink except from the faucet . I did my research and received it as a gift . She loves it . At first she was n't sure about it , but within a few days she was drinking from it and not the faucet.I do have to add more water about every 3 days which gets a little annoying . Cleaning is fairly easy as I also received the brush kit with it . I do a quick clean weekly and a deep clean each month where I take it completely apart , soak and scrub all of the pieces and it all just snaps back together . I would definitely recommend it for anyone that has a fussy drinker !
 When I got this and filled it with water and plugged it up , my kitty did n't knowwhat to make of it , she did not like it at all . I was afraid that she would notdrink now because she did n't like it , so we would turn it off for awhile and shewould drink from it . As the days went by she finally would drink out of the bowlpart with it running , now she laps it up right from the spout !!!! It makes a littlenoise from the pump but as long as you keep the water level full it is not loud atall . I Rinse it weekly and have not had to clean it yet because I have only hadit about 1 month . I wish the plastic was a little heavier quality but I love it!And my kitty seems to love it too !!!
 I am getting ready to replace my old drinkwell - not because it no longer works , because it does - only because it 's getting grungy looking . I have had this for several years and it still works as well as the day I got it . Quiet , no leaking . Oh - the cats love it .
 I read all of these reviews before purchasing this pet fountain and was very skeptical since many complained about it.I got this product since we were going on vacation and wanted to make sure my cats had water.They immediatley started to use it and are very happy with it . My kitten even likes to throw herself of the banister of the stairs and land in the water.It does make a sound when it needs to be replenished but it is no big deal . We just grab a glass fill it with water and pour it into the fountain and that is it.Wonderful Product do not go by the negative reviews since this product is excellent.Thank you
 I 've had this for about two weeks now and so far so good . The thing I love about it is it gets my cat to drink more water than just putting water in a dish . I think she believes there is an unlimited amount of water due to the falling water , and the sound seems to capture her attention and draw her to the water . ------------------ Pros : + Moving water encourages -LRB- at least my cat -RRB- to drink more water . + Moving water does not begin the nitrogen cycle as rapidly , so the water is fresh longer . + Quiet operation - the little pump is pretty quiet , and moves the water effectively.Cons : - For me , mostly that this does n't come in a stainless steel . The bluish color does n't really go with anything I have and I would have been willing to spend more on a S/S model if they had offered it . I looked at the S/S models that other makers had at my local pet retailer , and the reviews were not good for them , so I settled on this model . ------------------- Another thing to note -- I bought the Aqua Garden for this , and it worked great , the grass grew rapidly , however the roots grew rapidly too and I had to cut them often.If you get the Aqua Garden you will need to change the water about every two days after the grass starts growing , the grass/roots in the water encourages the nitrogen cycle to take place , you will start to see cloudiness and foam in the water . When that occurs there are high levels of ammonia in the water.Speaking to the nitrogen cycle -- Higher levels of ammonia and nitrites are probably not good for your cat . Depending on the pH of your water , you may have to change the water more often than I do -LRB- a week on average -RRB- . My tap water is a pH of 6.8 , so any ammonia in the water is quickly converted to ammonium , which at low levels should not be a problem for your cat , but any sitting water will cycle and will have higher ammonia levels . If you do n't have a test kit , inspect the bowl and the water . At the first sign of algae , or a cloudiness/foaming of the water it is entering the nitrogen cycle and needs to be changed.But again , this moves the water and moving water delays the cycle.Overall I have had a good experience with this pet fountain . I have n't had any leaks yet as other have experienced . I also have not yet removed the pump , so we will see if the seal holds up .
 I really like the fact that it circulates the water for my cats so there is no dirty nasty buildup . I do wish it was a little quieter . My cats drank from it as soon as it was set up and have not had an issue in the months since I 've gotten it . I have a long hair and a short hair cat so it does need to be cleaned once a week or it starts to get really noisy . All in all I do really like this product and highly recommend it .
 This is my second fountain . Would not use anything else for my cats . They drink much more than they would in a bowl that sits around all day . I am sure they are healthier and will live longer using this Drinkwell Fountain .
 I 've had this fountain for over 6 years and will buy another if/when it breaks . It is only noisy when the water is low , and I use this as an indicator to clean & refill it . I have the 50oz reservoir attached to it , and with 2 cats it only needs to be refilled once a week.It does tend to get a little slimy at the end of the week , but I read on the manufacturer 's website that you can soak it in a solution of a small amount of bleach -- I do this every other cleaning and it keeps the slime in check . I am sure to scrub with soap after to get any bleach residue off.In the 6 years I 've had this I 've lived with roommates who 've had cats , a total of 7 over the years . None have ever taken more than a day or two to adjust . One cat used to make a huge mess habitually splashing water in a bowl -- apparently this breaks the stale layer of dust that forms on standing water . That stopped with this fountain.At one point I decided to get an additional fountain b/c we had so many cats , and thought that dome shaped one looked interesting . The water tank built up hard water deposits almost immediately and was impossible to clean . Also , the filters had to be changed every other week and got pretty pricey.All in all , this is an excellent product , highly recommended to anyone with cats .
 Paid $ 30 + $ 7 shipping . The same fountain at PETSMART was $ 49 + tax . It works great and is much easier to clean than the PETMATE fountain I had .
 Our family adopted a stray older orange tabby last year who basically ignored the drinking water dishes set out for him and continued to lap up water from assorted strange places outside and in the bathroom -LRB- when the faucets were turned on -RRB- . It appeared as though he preferred running water rather than still water so we purchased the Drinkwell purely on a hunch that the cat might go for it . IT WORKS ! Cat loves it ! The unit is easy to keep clean - and the motor is very quiet . I would recommend this product to cat and dog owners - seems to be a hit with the few dogs who have visited our home in the last couple of months - much to our cat 's dismay !
 I bought this for my cat , and it works great because she was only drinking out of my sink and not her bowl . After buying this , she now drinks out of it more than the sink . The only problem is when I got a puppy and it almost chewed through the cord , and cleans his paws in it . The 70oz Resrvoir is great when I go out overnight because the dog and cat drink a lot . I would suggest buying the whole package , its worth it .
 I got sick of the cat knocking his food into his water bowl , so I got him this . I figured he loves sitting in the tub watching the water drip so he 'd like this . He was a little spooked at first , but now drinks from it fine . The motor can be a little loud when the water gets low , but as soon as you fill it up , it goes back to a soft hum . It 's easy to clean and a great resource for fresh clean water .
 Works well , but the motor is a little noisier than I expected . The cats love it , though.I also wish it came with an extra reservoir rather than that being for separate purchase .
 My cats love this fountain and so do I . It is very quiet ; the only sound you hear is the water falling into the bowl . If you do n't like water sounds , this fountain is not for you .
 With three cats this kit with the 70oz reservoir and cleaning brushes was a great buy for the price . LitterBoy Pet Products was a fast shipper and we 're are so pleased the cats love it . We have one cat that drinks out of the fountain stream ! Cleaning is easy -LRB- make sure you disassemble and thouroughly clean once a week -RRB- . I 've been adding a tablespoon of apple cider vinegar a day to help minimise gunk build up in the bottom of the bowl and the filter flowing . I also understand that vinegar helps with digestive problems , shines the coat and keeps away fleas and flys !
 I love this product ! We purchased one over 8 years ago and it has worked continuosly without any problems . Unfortunately , it just stopped working yesterday and I 'm actively searching for another one ! Ca n't do without it !
 I have two 18 pound cats and a 13 pound dog/puppy . One of the cats loves drinking out of the faucet , so much that he 's sitting at the door waiting for us to wake up in the morning so we can turn the faucet on in the bathroom!After setting up the product -LRB- piece of cake , just make sure you put the filter in the right way , which the instructions show you ! -RRB- , I filled it up to the brim with water and turned it on . The humming noise is about as loud as a typical Homedics fountain pump product -- almost relaxing , and not as loud as most people seem to think.The cats got used to the fountain rather quickly , but the puppy took a few days to appreciate it . Now both cats and the puppy are drinking from the fountain and not the bowl ! The trickling sound of the fountain is louder than the pump noise , if that calms anyone 's fears about how `` loud '' this fountain is.I found that by turning the little switch on the right down by the bowl base , the water level can reach a lower level before it starts making noise . I generally add about 8 ounces of water a day , because all 3 pets drink quite a bit . I 'm going to buy the extra canister to hold twice as much water . I was gone camping for three days , and it was still running fine when I got back home.In terms of cleaning , I 've had this product for nearly a month and am thinking about cleaning it now . As with any running water product , there 's a film forming at the water level of the bowl . Once a month maintenance on this product , versus cleaning it every other day like I used to with a typical bowl , is fine with me!Great product , and not a bad price , either .
 There is nothing faulty with the product here . I found it easy to use and reliable . Our cat seemed interested at first and drank from it the first time . After that he had no interest . We 've tried putting in fresh water twice a day and swapping filters but he just does n't want it . He 's probably out drinking from some mud puddle or birdbath . We decided it was just a waste of electricity to keep it going , so we gave it away to a friend , but that 's not the fault of the manufacturer .
 My cat is still slowly weaning off of the faucet , but he drinks out of the fountain . My cat never drank out of a water bowl , he would turn his nose up every time . Problem solved !
 I love this fountain . My cats love this fountain . I bought the larger resevoir . It 's easy to clean . The motor is quiet . I keep it in the bedroom and I like the sound of the running water . I highly recommend the drinkwell fountain !
 The stream on this fountain more closely mimics a faucet than most of the other options , so the cats seem to like it better . The reservoir is rather small , but having to order a decent-sized reservoir separately smacks of the manufacturer nickle-and-diming the consumer . Overall was very happy with the speed in which it was delivered and the ease of set up , not to mention that the price -LRB- including shipping ! -RRB- was significantly lower than at Petco . A good deal .
 I have a strange little cat ... her name is Jordan , and she refuses to drink out of a water bowl . I left out a cup of water once when I first got her and that was the beginning of the end , she only drank out of cups . If I left out her bowl and started to pour water she came running and drank the fresh water , but by the end of the day she 'd thrown at least one of her toys in there and went back to the cup . However , she loves the pet fountain , my guess is it 's the running water . Whatever the reason I 'm glad I do n't have to leave out cups of water all over the place , she kept tipping them over ! Only down side is that it 's a little bulky , and cleaning is a bit inconvenient .
 Ifinally understood what my beloved cat , Lilliepooks , was trying to communicate when she invariably knocked over her water dish . She wanted moving water ... Now she drinks her water fresh from the spout ; I mean to say she drinks from the moving stream as it comes out , before it reaches the dish . Now she 's a happy camper .
 My cats would n't drink out of their old ` bubbler ' water dish ; the pump would clog no matter how often I cleaned and there was n't much fountain action . They would n't drink out of a bowl of water either . They started becoming fascinated by the sink faucet , jumping up everytime someone even went in to the bathroom . Ths fountain has helped get them off my counters and out of the sinks . . to a degree . The motor is a little loud , even keeping the water level correct and with a clean pump . I change the water at least every other day , and that keeps them interested . They still jump to the sink , but I think this fountain is well worth the 32 $ .
 I remember my parents buying one of these when I was a kid for the family cat ... He was a faucet-drinker , and as he aged , became rather obese ! It made drinking water from the sinks nearly impossible for him . When we first got it , neither of the cats really liked it , as it was constant-running water . It took them a few days to get used to it , but they eventually liked it . Now I 'm all grown up , have two cats of my own . One of them LOVES drinking from the bathroom sink . I noticed that their bowl in the kitchen was hardly getting used , yet more and more kitty fur on my bathroom sink , and missing earrings , clips , hair ties , etc lol . So I bought this and before I had even plugged it in , both were lapping at the ` waterfall ' part ! Now they didnt drink from it every single time ; they occassionally came back to the sink , but keeping the bathroom door shut when I was n't using it broke the habit quick ... Now I have fill up the basin everyday ! =-RRB- It 's not much of an inconvenience but I do have to agree that the part that sucks up the water from the basin could be lower so it utilizes all the water ... In the meantime until they figure that part out , I 'll keep using this . Also , on a scale of ten -LRB- ten being most -RRB- for noise ... It 's a two or less . Two being when it needs to be filled up , but it 's no where near obnoxious .
 I purchased this item for my cat because like many cats he prefers to drink from the sink faucet , and he always seemed to tip his regular water bowl over constantly wetting the carpet and kitchen floor.So I had heard of the drink-well , and I thought great ! this will be a solution to the wet floors , and bowel tipping problem . after the item arrived I assembled it , I was kind of exited to see how my cat would react and if he would like it , but there was things I didnt know due to the missing instruction guide . note if your gon na buy this item used make sure it comes with the instruction guide because even though its fairly easy to assemble there are small parts and the guide helps you get more comfortable handling the item without damaging it , also the instruction guide offers useful tips on how to introduce the item to your pet.When I first introduced the drink-well to my cat I did n't have the instruction manual it arived later because of some mistake during packing I guess the seller forgot to pack it , as a result I didnt fully understand the best way to introduce it to my cat . needless to say my cat became afraid of the item for three to 4 weeks it was a very disappointing at first because I had paid so much for it , and it sat unused for 4 weeks . so I had to place my cats old drinking bowl out so he would not dehydrate himself from fear . but to my pleasant surprise my cat slowly started to get use to the item , and now he drinks from the drink-well everyday , and he no longer drinks from his old water bowl he seems to love the drink-well now , YAY ! no more wet floors , so I would definitely recommend this product , but be patient it may take time for your cat or dog to grow use to the item , also make sure your drink-well comes with its manual because if mine had its manual when it first arrived I dont think I would have had such difficulty .
 This is my 2nd of these ... My cats love it / and so does my dog . Have been using this for over 10 years . It was time for a new one !!
 I just bought a replacement for my old one . I had the prior Drinkwell for 6 years & it just was getting eroded from the minerals in the water . So we replaced it.My cats LOVE to drink water from here , but not so much a plain bowl .
 Love the fountain , now that my cat will finally use it . She continued trying to drink out of my glass or wanting me to turn on the faucet , but I resisted and she finally started using it . You just have to outlast them .
 Great pet fountain ! Must change the filter at least once a month or the bowl will start to get a ring of dirt . My cat and dog love it . Not loud at all I could put it in my bedroom and sleep fine . Will be louder when the water level is too low . Light weight , great design . Not the easiest thing in the world to clean but it 's not bad with a thinner bottle brush . You can even remove the motor and put it in the dishwasher to sterilize with a nice hot cycle . Love this fountain after 9 months still working great !
 We 've found that our cats drink more often from the fountain then they ever did from their bowl of water -LRB- we always kept the water fresh , changing it twice a day -RRB- . It 's important to clean the fountain at least once every 1 week . Try to keep it in a shady spot so you do n't get algae . The drinkwell cleaning brush set is a Must!Drinkwell Pet Fountain Cleaning KitSo pick that up when u purchase the fountain.A coupe of tips :1 - keep it topped up with water . Keeping up with two cats and evaporation is important to keep the pump from getting air bound , quiet , and working for a long time .2 - concerning the filter ; we have just been flushing -LRB- in reverse flow -RRB- the charcoal filter under cold water running water from sink faucet , no soap , when we clean the unit , get some more life out of the filter . We pour water right into the bowl from our britta pitcher . The book says the filters are optional . But it helps keep the floating bits out of the water .3 - our fountain definitely has a distinctive hum to it which I tend to thing is vibration on our kitchen floor . I 'm going to put a rubber pad under it to see if that helps .4 - if you find your pump is making a bit of noise , put a dab of olive oil on the tip of the metal pin in the motor that the pump impeller slides over -LRB- olive oil because it comes in contact with the drinking water -RRB- .5 - we find the water stays cleaner if its not next to the cat food . We keep ours on the other side of the kitchen after they kept dropping food bits into the water .6 - expect a day or so for your cats -LRB- who do n't already drink from a running sink faucet -RRB- to get accustomed to their new fountain -RRB- Enjoy !
 My 7-month-old kitty absolutely loves this fountain ! He would always wait for me to turn on the bathroom sink so he could drink from it , even though he had 2 water bowls . I even caught him drinking from the toilet , which worried me because of chemicals from cleaners I use . But now that he has this pet fountain , he never bothers with the sink or other unsafe sources of water anymore , and I feel better knowing that his water is always filtered and healthy . This fountain is very easy to set up , is quiet , and low-maintenance . It holds a good amount of water , and I really like that the flow of water is adjustable . This fountain is also good for small dogs ... after seeing mine , my mom ordered one for her shih-tzu/poodle mix and she loves it also ! This is a great buy if you have a pet who insists on drinking from the sink , or if you just want clean filtered water always available for your pet !
 Most cats need to have more liquids in their diet than they get as indoor cats . I am a life long cat owner / lover and also an RN . I am aware that neutered male cats , in particular , need the most water due to the risk of cystitis -LRB- bladder infection , which can lead to a kidney infection -RRB- , and the formation of uric acid crystals in the urine which can lead to blood in the urine , and extreme pain with urination -LRB- causing the cat to try NOT to urinate -RRB- . Years ago , when neutering male cats first became the norm , we had to euthanize a beautiful rescue cat we 'd had since kittenhood , due to recurrent cystitis , the urinay crystal formation , bleeding and pain , over and over with no real cure at that time.Jumping to `` today '' , nearly forty years later , we have a male and female cat both neutered . Luckily , of the two , the male cat prefers the fountain and drinks large amounts at one time several times a day . We also , at our veterenarian 's advice , give them each a half can -LRB- the small sized can -RRB- of a good quality canned cat food daily which puts more liquid in their daily food intake . -LRB- More than `` dry '' food , which is their main food . -RRB- These two cats are the first ones we 've had that have been raised with the cat water fountain , so they are totally used to it . They also have bowls of water available , changed out daily.About every 7-10 days the water is replaced , since just as with the bowls of water , some food particles can get into the water supply of the water fountain , and undoubtedly changes the taste and health benefits.About once a month the entire fountain is taken apart . The plastic parts are all placed in the dishwasher -LRB- top and bottom , as best as it can be fitted -RRB- . The filters are changed out at that time . -LRB- NOTE
 My older cat needs to drink more water to stave off persistent urinary tract infections . This fountain does the trick . She now drinks lots and lots of water throughout the day with the fountain running on the lowest setting . It does not leak on the floor , and makes a soft humming sound from the motor . Twist out the simple little motor , and the two main parts are top-rack dishwasher safe . Cleaning could n't be easier . I wish I 'd had this years ago and my cat would be better off for it .
 ok , so when i first got this for my cat Momo he was totally scared of it . i would encourage him by putting my finger in it and letting him lick the water off but no dice , he kept hissing and batting at it with his paw . At first i was really lenient an had his other water bowl in another part of the room but i wanted him to use the drinkwell quickly and eventually decided to take away the other water bowl . Also , i began to only feed him crunchy food instead of his favorite moist one so that he would get really thirsty . it took him like 2 days but he finally got super thirsty i guess and decided to go up to it . he started by sticking his paws in the water and playing with it until finally he mustered the courage to drink . Now he 's obsessed with the thing !! He loves to sit in front of it and stare for a long time , he loves to play with it and make splashes , and best of all , he drinks tons of water now !! he seems so happy !! Oh also , to those who had problems with the drinkwell motor being too noisy , i noticed it makes less noise on carpet than on hard wood floors and such . Hope this helps !!
 I bought this mainly for my Senior Cats , also have 2 young ones and they all love this fountain . My Senior cats drink much more now . I would highly recommend getting the cleaning kit though , it will make your life much easier . Also , I feel there is much less gunk in it when you use the filters , even though it says you do n't have to . Cats seem to like the taste better too when a filter is in . I also do n't have to clean it as often . My only complaint about this fountain is that it is loud and especially so if it gets low on water . The plastic does n't seem to hold up great either , perhaps it is the type of city water I have . Give them Brita filtered water as I feel that is healthier also . Will consider investing in the stainless one when this wears out as I feel it keeps the water colder .
 So i reviewed this already but I have to give it another , better review . We moved recently and had n't used the fountain in almost 3 months and in that time got a kitten :-RRB- We had just been giving the cats a bowl of water , which everday , twice a day would get spilled . So finally late tonight -LRB- at like 12am ! -RRB- my cats were both staring at me to give them more water . Poor things , seems like the bowl is always empty ! So anyways , I decided to dig this out and hook it up . My older cat instantly knew what it was and began sniffing at the fountain part of it , and the kitten sort of jumped back when it turned on but realized the big cat was doing it , so she probably could too :-RRB- I 'm happy to say these two have been drinking from this thing every 10 minutes since . One takes their turn and then the other . I just had to share because I honestly see now how much more appealing it is than just a bowl of water . Another plus too , they ca n't tip this over :-RRB- Your kitties will love you for this !
 Works great , my cat 's love it . Easy to maintain and clean , just plug it in -LRB- fill with water first ! -RRB- and let it go .
 This fountain is a must for little dogs and cats.With the reservoir your pets are never without water.They also drink more as they seem to like the running water.When the water gets low the pump makes noise which is a good reminder to wash and refill.Very good product.However this came from amazon themselves.They where much slower to ship then their affiliates that shipped the reservoir and the another affiliate that sent the filters.They all shipped faster then amazon themselves .
 This has been one of the best purchases I 've ever made for my cats . I 've had this particular model for four or five years now , and it 's still going strong ! Just keep the water filled , the fountain clean -LRB- debris and lose fur will get caught up in the filter -RRB- , and this running water bowl will last a long time !
 I realized that for several years our daughters had been turning on the faucet in their bathroom sink and our cat would hop up on the vanity to have a drink . This became a daily habit and so she would stand there every day and meow for someone to turn on the faucet . The drinkwell was the perfect solution . We keep it filled but do n't keep it plugged in all the time -LRB- though you can -RRB- . If she wants a drink from her trickling fountain , she will ask and we then plug it in . A simple solution and I do n't have her in the bathroom sink anymore .
 My cats and I love this fountain !! Much better than the one we had before . At first the kitten , Abbey , was a little afraid of it , but now she loves it too . My Maine Coon , Beau , loves to play in water , so perfect for him . They all used to come into bathroom to drink out of the sink -- no more ! For that alone , it 's worth it !!
 I purchased the standard DrinkWell -LRB- not the Platinum -RRB- and set it up a couple of months ago . I have two cats . Neither cat went near it for a couple of days , although I had the water flow turned to its lowest -LRB- which reduces the noise -RRB- . But then one of them ventured over , and now she loves it . This is great because I had a lot of trouble getting her to drink enough water , which led to gross health problems I wo n't describe here -- but cost me $ 1200 in vet bills ! The other cat -LRB- who has always been abnormally timid -RRB- is comfortable with being around it , but I still have n't seen him actually drink from it . I 'm pleased with the product except for one complaint
 I bought this with a PetSmart gift certificate that I won with a picture of my cat . I figured I 'd get him something as a `` royalty '' payment . :--RRB- Both of my cats LOVE this fountain . They never really drank from faucets although the younger one would -LRB- and actually still does -RRB- occasionally drink from the toilet but they really seem to love the moving water from this fountain.My older boy had an episode of FUS several years back and drinking lots of water is one of the critical requirements to keep it from recurring . I would guess he drinks almost twice as much as he used to with a standard bowl . It seems like every time I turn around he 's taking a couple of sips.As for noise , the only time I hear mine is when it runs low on water . It would sometimes wake me up at night as the kitchen is adjacent to the bedroom . I solved that by recently adding the extra capacity reservoir . I fill that up with ice cubes about once every 3 days and that is good enough for my 2 cats.I do n't clean it as often as I should -LRB- maybe once a month -RRB- but I have not had any major issues . Of course both of my boys are shorthaired and fastidious groomers . Older cats who do not groom themselves as well anymore or long-haired cats I could see having more of a problem with hair clogging the intake . But if that hair is going in the fountain it would also be going in their regular water bowl so maybe it 's a good thing that the noise reminds you to do some maintenance for your cats ' health.As for quality of the product , overall I would say very good . As others have mentioned , there are lots of annoying nooks and crannies to clean but the fountain is made of heavy plastic . I 've had mine for over a year , running constantly , and it 's still going strong . If it does break I will definitely be buying another !
 Extremely picky cat -LRB- used to drink water exclusively from the faucet and glasses of water -RRB- loves her fountain .
 My cat always tried to drink from the tub spout , but now that she has this she has n't bothered . She loves it .
 Vet recommended for a 17 year old cat with renal failure . Cat was n't drinking enough water . I thought the cat would n't drink from it but she loves it . She has even played with the water as it was coming down the slide . So we highly recommend this item .
 My cat loves it and he 's REALLY hard to please with his water . I thought it was pretty expensive for a water bowl , but it 's been worth it for us . He used to beg -LRB- loudly -RRB- for `` fresh '' water all day long . -LRB- His idea of `` fresh '' was our decorative fountain , the fish tank , the toilet , the hot water from the bathtub or some immediately from the sink ! I figured out that he really likes movement to his water . When I slowly stirred the water in his old dish , he would drink it . This gives me days of peace until it needs to be cleaned . I use distilled water so that it wo n't breakdown with minerals , but I have to remember to always have some on hand .
 Nice unit . The cat we bought it for will have absolutely nothing to do with it , but jumps to the counter immediately above it and wails for the sink faucet to be turned on . Our other cats seem to enjoy the Drinkwell , though .
 Great easy to clean , cats love it . Drinking more than before and the water is always fresh .
 This is my 2nd Drinkwell , and I ca n't say enough about it . We had different brand pet fountains in the past , and none of them lasted longer than a few months . Our veterinarian recommended the Drinkwell , and all four of our cats absolutely love it . They drink more water now which contributes to their good health . It is very easy to clean , especially when put into the dishwasher . When it is in the dishwasher , the cats will sit and wait for it to come out . I highly recommend this fountain over any other pet fountains on the market .
 My male cat loves this fountain ! I add about a half liter to it daily , so that 's either from his drinking or evaporation.My only complaint is their is no reservoir , so I do have to watch to make sure it does n't dry up . You ca n't leave it going for a weekend away.It is well used though and not too loud -LRB- as long as it 's full of water -RRB- . It says pretty clean as well and the brushes they give you are great , but when I had it next to their food bowl , they would put their food in it . Then I had to clean it more .
 This is a great little fountain . The one drawback is that it has to be taken apart and cleaned weekly . Otherwise , the kittens love it .
 My two cats enjoy the fresh flavor of moving water.This fountain does the trick . It is not the quietest , but is not soo loud that I would give it a lower rating .
 I am owned by four adult cats , all shelter rescued . Since their beginnings were less than grand , I try to make their lives as happy as possible without going to extemes.This fountain replaced a less-expensive one , and I 've never regretted spending the extra money on this purchase . When I 'm cleaning the unit ... about every two weeks will do it ... my cats lay right where the fountain always sits . As soon as I 've finished the job , all four cats line up for the first drink from a freshly cleaned fountain . Because it just makes sense , I also bought the large reservoir . I refill it once every 5 or 6 days , and I 've got a family of happy kitties !
 Our cats like this fountain . It is recommended that you clean it every week . I thought that would be a hassle but it only takes about 5 to 7 minutes .
 worth the price ... the cats just love it ... no cat -LRB- or dog -RRB- home should be without one . I think that if you have more than a few cats or even a small dog , the reservoir is an absolute must ...
 We have 2 cat Drinkwells and 1 big dog drinkwell . Once you have these you will never again go back to a bowl of water for your pets ! They do clog near the adjuster for the flow - just grab the stuff out and the flow is back to normal . I had one problem with Big Dog - the motor stopped working . But Vet . Ventures promply sent me a new motor and it is fine again . I did n't even buy it directly from them and they gave no problems.Only problem is I just saw the new design The Platnuim and love it . But mine work fine - I do n't need one but just may have to get one for the design : -RRB- I have had the 2 cat ones for at least 5 years and the dog about 3 . You wo n't be sorry buying these products .
 Cat -LRB- Lily -RRB- loves it . She drinks tons more water since I have gotten it.The cleaning can take a while but once done it last for two weeks or more . I think the reason is I have a water softner and that helps to keep the `` scale '' and buildup at bay . My sister has the same product and she has EXTREME hard water and her drinkwell looks awful due to scale and deposit that WILL NOT come off-no matter how often it is cleaned and scrubbed . The motor is VERY HARD to `` turn '' to get it out of the bottom to clean it . The first 3 times I had to have my husband get it out for me and he had to use a butter knife to get the thing to move out -- but I understand why it has to be tight -LRB- otherwise there might be a leak -RRB- so I am ok with that.I have had mine now for a year and so far have had NO PROBLEMS . It still works good and no loss of power.Cost of filters are a little high so I try to make one work for quite a while before i change it . One filter can usually last three months for me - as long as I clean it once every two week and rinse filter really well each time.I have my sister 's cat staying now for over two weeks and this original drinkwell is just not big enough for both . I have to add water DAILY . Scared to leave both cats for more than an 8 hour period due to not having enough water . I am thinking of getting a Drinkwell Big Dog to make sure I can leave for at least a 24 hour period.Overall , I am very happy with this product just wish water capacity was more . Even with just one cat I have to add water every other day-so the bottom line is -- it is just not big enough.Oh - the sound as others has mentioned - is slight . I have it sitting on a rug -LRB- bought for $ 4 at discount store -RRB- and it muffles the sound slightly . The sound of water hitting the water is peaceful to me . It is right next to the living room and we have had NO problems with the sound at all .
 i like the product very much . My cats like running water . I did not enjoy turning on the bathroom faucet every time one of my cats wanated a drink . The fountain waterer solved that problem very nicely.The only thing is that it makes this humming noise that can be distracting . Other than that , it 's a great little machine .
 Our vet suggested this type of water dish to help stimulate the cat to drink more water and it has really worked . Not too bad , so far , to maintain and the noise is n't very bad
 I would have given this 5 stars except for how easily it can clog . With 2 cats I have to refill it every night , which is no big deal . I clean it out once a week -LRB- you really need to take it apart to clean everything -RRB- - the water intake inside the bowl clogs very easily , I end up pulling fur out of it every night - this is why you 'll need to take it apart more often . I use the sink sprayer to remove the slimy residue our water leaves in the bowl -LRB- another reason it needs to be cleaned every week -RRB- . There is one area in the water reservoir that is next to impossible to clean just by rinsing - you need a bottle cleaner to really scrub it out . The cats seem to like it - the older cat wants running water to drink - he 'd go all day before I got this waiting for the water bowl to be refilled so he could drink the water as it was being poured . The bowl is also heavy enough that it does n't get tipped over . For under $ 30 , this was a great deal .
 These kat watering devices really work well , this is the second one I have purchased and will probably buy more as they wear out ...
 I had my Drinkwell for 2 years and the pump started getting noisey . I would clean it regularly but I would buy the additional cleaning kit to get all the nooks and cranneys . The plus side to it failing I purchased the premium drinkwell this time :-RRB- Enjoy it is an amazing product for my Charlie who gets urinary crystals .
 I have had the Original Drinkwell for maybe 8 - 10 years ! It has been running continuosly and never failed ! ! I have also had other fountains which have failed and quit ! I always tried to keep 2 going because I had 4 cats but last year when again the 2nd one -LRB- another brand -RRB- quit I purchased the reserve tank for the Drinkwell and true to the Drinkwell it has worked out very well with no problems whatsoever ! I would definitely recommend this fountain and the reserve tank ! I will be purchasing another set to keep on hand should this one one day quit ! IT also cleans very easily !!!!! Great fountain !!!! I hope that this Orig Drinkwell fountain continues to always be available ! !
 My two adult cats took to this water fountain right away , they just love it . They drink three times more water than they did before . When it gets low on water it starts making noise , and sometimes , with this hot summer my cats drink about 16 ounces at night . I added water to it three times yesterday . I think it would be great for one thirsty cat , not two . The lid does not snap on it lays on , and gets flipped off all the time by me or the cats . It 's super easy to clean with plain water -LRB- there is a step by step youtube video on how to disassemble and clean -RRB- . I think if I would have known , I would have bought the next generation of this item as it has a snap on top and it has another filter that you can pull and clean out that catches hair and bugs that get in the water . For my cats health , I used filtered water in my unit eventhough it has a charcoal filter already . We have really nasty water in our area .
 My two little kittens think this product is great ! They are waterbabies and have been drinking more water and are in the sink less . The unit was pretty easy to put together except for the moter unit . It 's a little tight and a bit difficult to get in and out during cleaning . It has n't tipped over or leaked . Both cats enjoy drinking out of the stream of water . Jett even `` adjusts '' the water flow with the lever . The only thing I am not crazy about so far is the lid comes off a little easily -LRB- when Jett takes it off -RRB- . I wish it has a more firm closure . The filter is easy to change and it comes apart for fairly easy cleaning . You can put it in the dishwasher but the recommend handwashing . Great product !
 So , I replaced it with the Pioneer Ceramic water fountain and after 2 months of that I bought a new Drinkwell . You can read my review of that here : Pioneer Pet 6022 WHITE Ceramic Drinking Fountain , Raindrop Design Smartcat With 3 Extra Filters -LRB- total of four -RRB- Drinkwell is n't so bad after all . I would n't recommend for dogs though .
 We bought this fountain when our much loved dog lost her sight . She learned to locate her water with ease . As a sight disabled pet , it served as an anchor to help her navigate the room . The pump is very quiet when the tank is kept clean and filled , but it will get louder if the water level drops . Typically , the full fountain should last your pet the whole day -- we had 2 large dogs using it on a daily basis for 3 years . Great water source for your pet !
 I had this one and it lasted about a year then quit working . So I replaced it with the stainless steel one . My cat is n't nearly as excited about the new one . The water does n't fall from the fountain like this one . But this one was hard to clean and I never figured out how the filter was inserted .
 I 'm sure my cats would give it five stars . They really enjoy it . Since I 've had this , they have stopped turning on the kitchen tap , and I do n't come home to find the water 's been running all day . The dogs ignore it , and prefer the regular bowl.This is the only one I 've tried so I ca n't compare it to others , but I have a few complaints . First is that I ca n't get the motor out of the unit to clean it . Mine has only been out once , and I had to ask my electrician to do it . The manual says that this voids the warranty , so they should have made it easier to get out , or been honest and said it has no warranty . I use a brush on it while it 's in the unit , which is the best I can do . The unit has now outlasted the stated warranty , so at least I did n't need it.Second , I chose this brand because it said it was designed by a Veterinarian . The Vet who designed this must never have had a patient that got an electrical shock . The cord does n't have anything to prevent chewing . Heated water dishes usually have wire wrapped cords ; this does n't . I can trust my cats , but I would not leave my dogs with access to this when I 'm not at home . Also , it does n't have a GFS plug on it . Any hair dryer comes with one , and they do n't have water in them.As for daily use , it runs all the time without breaking down . Except for the motor , it 's easy to dismantle and clean . You do need a variety of brushes . The set they sell does n't have enough choices . I had to add a toothbrush , a bowl brush , and a tiny thing that 's sold to clean the holes in hummingbird feeders to my arsenal . Mine is only noisy when the water level gets low and starts mixing in air . Add water and it 's as quiet as any other appliance . I would n't put it in the bedroom , but I would n't want the refrigerator motor in there either .
 My cat loves running water and to conserve water I opted for a fountain . After much research and price matching I opted to buy it here . Saved over $ 22.00 from the local price . It works great and is quiet . My cat loves it !
 The Drinkwell Fountain was exactly as described and arrived early in the delivery time frame . Assembly required a little thinking and fitting but went together fine on the second try . It hums quietly and the splash is pleasant enough and is contained within the bowl . I think it should be disassembled every five days or so and cleaned , but it could go longer I 'm sure .
 I 've had my drinkwell for 6 years now and it 's still going strong . I do n't even meticulously care for it . I rinse it and refill it everyday , which really is no big deal . It takes 2 minutes tops . I try to take it apart once a month to clean and get the cat hair out of the motor . It will start to growl if the water level gets low , but I have learned to just unplug it at night before I go to bed -LRB- which was usually when the growling motor would start -RRB- . Another simple solution . Otherwise , it sounds like a water fountain.My only major complaint is the cleaning is really annoying . The nooks and crannies designed into this seem pointless and just make cleaning harder . I need an old toothbrush and some q-tips to get a really good cleaning.I have been looking around for one that might be easier to clean and I really do n't think one exists . So since I 've had such great luck keeping mine running , I 'll stick with this . Just do n't expect something to perform perfectly if you do n't care for the quirks . Keep it filled , clean the motor , and give the engine a rest every once in a while . Your cats will thank you .
 We 've had the Drinkwell pet fountain about 4 months and the cats love it . It 's not completely maintenance free , so do n't expect that . It will get hair and dirt in it , just by being on the floor , and it needs regular cleaning . The only sound the fountain makes is the trickling of water , which can be reduced by lowering the speed of the pump.Make sure you top up the water bowl every day so it does n't start sucking air . Every few days , I 'll unplug it , get a large empty bowl , dump out all the water and exchange it for fresh water.Every couple of weeks I 'll pop off the housing and rinse out all the parts and get any hair out , then put it back together . Once you do this a couple of times , you can clean it out and get it back running in about 5 minutes . It 's very easy , and requires only your two hands and a sink .
 I bought this from a pet store in 2005 . Now that 2007 is almost over , I realize that the thing has lasted for a little while now & is still going strong . When I bought it , the cover on the back was missing . I e-mailed the company , and they sent one out to me , free of charge , no questions asked . They did n't have to do that , so I thought that was pretty nice of them . This fountain does get gross after a while . We have 2 indoor/outdoor cats using it . It should be cleaned once a week . Cleaning involves taking several things apart , and the `` slime '' built up from cat saliva , microbes , and everything else demands that you do more than soap & water . I use vinegar or an extremely weak solution of bleach with lots of rinsing afterward . You will need to clean hair off the motor assembly . You will also need some little brushes to clean in small crevices . It has a slight hum , so keep it away from your bedroom . I find its trickling water noises to be pleasant . The filter part is n't designed well - water flows over it & around it . I found that without it , though , the water gets grungier faster .
 I have three cats that LOVE water . On average , our cats play in the bathtub , with the water running , 5-10 times per day , for about 5-10 minutes . They used to drink out of the sink , but then one day they realized that they could have so much more fun in the tub ! They cover their face and paws in water ... I could write a thesis detailing their strange obsession with water ; it 's quite bizarre . They wake us up each morning for water -LRB- grrr -RRB- . Water is healthy for them , so I 'd hate to deny them something enjoyable and healthy , but it gets old after a while . I bought this machine so hopefully they would forget about the sink & tub , but no such luck . We see them drink out of the fountain occasionally , but they still prefer playing in the tub -LRB- sighs -RRB- . I have the biggest reserve , so the fountain holds about a gallon of water , and it 's wonderful to know that when I 'm gone , they always have a source of water . My cats love the wheat grass , but buy it separately ; it makes a mess in the fountain ! Yuck ! Also , use purified water ; you will love yourself come cleaning time ! Product is great though , so I highly recommend !
 We 've tried several other drink fountains and this is the one my cats prefer ! Just add more water to the bowl to keep it going . I tried the catgrass add-on but my cats did n't get into it .
 My cat loves the Drinkwell Pet Fountain ! She used to sit in the bathroom sink and wait for someone to turn the water on so that she could drink , but now that we have the fountain she no longer does that . It is easy to use , easy to clean , and is very quiet .
 History
 The cats love it , and so do I. I do n't have to worry about changing their water everyday -LRB- or twice a day -RRB- due to it getting dirty or stale . Less worries with the Drinkwell fountain .
 I just got this and do n't know if my cat likes it yet , but I found it very loud . I even complained to the company I bought it from -LRB- I can return it within 30 days for a full refund -RRB- . Then I went on to Amazon again to read the reviews of people who claimed it was quiet . They were right . It is.As another reviewer has pointed out , you need to fill the bowl to the top , i.e. , ABOVE the little control nozzle on the bottom right -LRB- facing you -RRB- of the water bowl . The exposed intake nozzle was what made the loud noise . After I did this , the fountain purrs . Now I have to see if my finicky cat uses it !
 I bought this water fountain for my cat because my vet recommended a water fountain . My cat was diagnosed with renal failure and was dehydrated . This water fountain at least doubled his water intake . It took him a week to get used to it , then he slowly began drinking from the fountain bowl and now , 3 weeks later , he also drinks from the spout and does not touch his old water bowl . At our follow-up visit with the vet , my cat 's bad # 's indicating poor kidney function were back down within the normal range because he drank so much ... he was flushing the toxins out ! This is a great product . Especially for cats on dry food , and dogs , because their bodies were not meant to digest dry kibble type food and need more water to compensate for this . This product is great for cats diagnosed with renal failure . I highly recommend it ! So does my vet ... she actually wrote down the name of the product to recommend to her other patients !
 My cats have always jumped on the sink to get fresh flowing water . So glad I bought the Drinkwell , now they actually drink from a bowl and never jump on the sink .
 The fountain works great and my cat loves it . It is much easier to fill or clean than my previous one . I would certainly buy this product again .
 The cats do use it so I guess it does it 's job . However , it does not stop one cat from racing you to the bathroom to get water out of the faucet . I guess faucet water is still better . I was really hoping having the fountain would stop this behavior . It only cuts it down slightly . I HATE cleaning this thing . It 's such a pain . I 've bought special brushes -LRB- long and thin -RRB- that I though would make the task easier , but it 's still a pain . And if it is n't cleaned at least once a week it gets nasty.On a side note , I have one cat that likes to drink from the top -LRB- where the cover should be -RRB- versus the stream . Strange but since that 's what she likes , I leave the top off for her . So if your cat just likes moving water and not necessarily a stream of water , they may like the swirling water at the top better .
 Before I got this , my kitten would never drink water or even get remotely close to it . Ever since I got the fountain , she 's been playing with the water as well as drinking lots of water from it ! Definitely saved me some hassle . The water also lasts for a while , with a filter , so I do n't really have to change it very often.My only problem is ... when the water starts to run out , the fountain makes an incredibly annoying sound , like it 's broken or something.But overall I would definitely recommend this product to cat owners ! -LRB- never had a dog so ca n't decide for that -RRB-
 We bought this due to our old one is very noisy . This one is nice and quiet and came with instructions on keeping it quiet .
 This water fountain is perfect for dogs . I have a dog that drinks a lot of water . When he was a little puppy , I was told to train him to drink a lot of water and that will be very good for his health . There are many bad things in tap water . With this I know my dog is drinking healthy because of the charcoal filter . Giving my dog healthy water is important because I love my dog so much I do n't want anything bad to happen to him . I never got any clogging trouble with this drinkwell . Good product .
 I ca n't believe i waited two years to buy this for my kitty !! I did not even know something like this existed ! My cat didnt drink nearly enough water before i bought this fountain , he had problems with urinary tract infections and now hes happy and healthy !! thanks drinkwell :-RRB- motor only sounds loud if you dont keep enough water in the bowl , otherwise it is actually really nice and sets a relaxing trinkling noise
 This is a great product ! I had previously purchased the other major brand that did not have a spout . The water merely trickled down a slide . My cat is much happier with this one , since she likes the faucet effect . The filter on the Drinkwell is made better . The other one was flimsey and did not last long . I wish I had spent the extra money on the Drinkwell first .
 Finally my cat not longer needs to drink from the faucet and the dog no longers needs to drink from bottom of shower - yuck ! Cat drinks from the spout that mimics the faucet . Dog drinks from basin of fresh circulating water . They will even drink at the same time , enough room for all ! I tend to unplug it at night so it does n't have to run 24/7/365 . I 'd recommend the extra capacity water attachment , if not will need to add water daily . Great product !
 My cats love this fountain . It does make a running water noise as stated in other reviews but I find the sound appealing , as do the cats . I am going to order the extra water tank for it though because it does empty fast and i burned out the motor on my last one when it ran dry .
 I bought a Drinkewell Pet Fountain from a local store a few years ago . I believe the fountain cost around $ 50.00 . We recently acquired another cat , so I needed an additional fountain and the local store had sold out . I checked with Amazon and found the same fountain almost $ 20.00 cheaper , plus free shipping . Both of my cats love the fountains .
 KEEPS CATS HAPPY & KEEPS THEM HEALTHY . A+E xcellent product , I have had it for nearly two years now.With two adopted feral kittens -LRB- now both nearly 3 -RRB- , I had a few tasks at hand to say the least . One of them was that the cats would n't drink water out of a bowl without putting their paws in it and splashing it all over the floor first . Fun times.Enter the Drinkwell Fountain.Boy cat LOVES to lick from the waterfall and Girl cat happily drinks from the bowl area . Both , quite noticeably , drink more than I 've ever seen cats drink of still water in a bowl.They are healthy and happy - and I am happy ! While it takes a little effort to clean thoroughly , so what ? It 's a great tool . I clean usually every week to sometimes -LRB- with the help of the CARBOR FILTER -RRB- every two weeks . I also appreciate the filters properties to ensure clean water.After some time I acquired the 50 oz . RESERVOIR on the end so I never have to worry for more than a few days that they wo n't be able to drink up to their hearts ' content.Maybe some day when the motor kicks the bucket I will try the next level up if it is quieter , however I hope for some years to come to keep enjoying my current Drinkwell !
 This is a great product . I got mine for my two cats , who love to drink out of the faucet and bathtub . I had wanted one for awhile , but thought the cost was a little unreasonable . When my oldest cat got his fourth urinary tract infection I decided the cost was worth it if I could improve upon his health . So far he has been healthy and loves to use it . I was a little surprised the `` hum '' of the motor was a bit louder than I had anticipated , but the cats seem unphased by it . I had read some complaints that the motors burn out without constant attention . I have n't had any trouble with mine , even with the minimal maintenance I am able to give it . I add water when it gets low , and clean the whole thing out once a week . I have it in a low traffic area , which keeps the hair out , which I think is the trick to keeping the motor healthy .
 I love this product & plan on getting another one soon . It 's a little larger than I thought it would be and it 's a little bit of a pain to get it to the sink to clean without spilling the water . But that could just be my own clumsiness ! I was apprehensive about letting it run 24 hrs a day but that seems to be fine . For me personally ... I would prefer & could use one about 1/2 to 1/3 bowl size smaller . I ca n't really tell if my two adult cats are drinking more or not because I 've never actually seen them drink from it but I 'm guessing they are using it from how much water I add to it during the week unless it 's from evaporation . I do n't really know . Either way ... I do want another one to keep in my bedroom for them to use during the night .
 The product is really easy to take apart/put together . It is not that good looking . Cats like it alright . You have to keep the water pretty high or the fountain becomes loud . You have to clean really well weekly or it gets incredibly slimy .
 I have 4 cats and 2 little dogs inside the house and I was looking for something that I did n't need to clean it and fill with water as ofter , like I did , twice a day , with the bowls . My pets loved the drinkwell fountain , it 's cleaner and better for them . I found that it easier to clean and maintain .
 I have two cats , one of whom always bothers me when I use any water . The second cat was starting to show signs of copying.So in an effort to stop trouble before it started , I started looking at fountains . This is the one I chose . It is easy to clean , holds plenty of water and is n't too tall . Since this was going in front of the dishwasher , I needed to be able to still open the door.I have the pump sent to the lowest setting , so it makes little noise , but if I want a creek sound I can set it higher.I still get bothered when I use water , but not as badly , and the cats are happy .
 I have two cats . They like to drink flowing water . Now they love this fountain . The only thing I do not like is that the fountain gets dirty very quickly . I have to clean it every 3 days .
 My kitty was skittish at first , but now I ca n't keep him away from it . I can definitely tell he 's drinking plenty of water now . I top off the water level fairly often , but with just one small cat it 's not so often that the extra reservoir is necessary for me . Also , it 's nearly soundless - for the first week or two it kind of made a tiny ` whirr ' sound , in addition to a minor splash sound . Anymore , though , I can not hear it unless I 'm right next to it . Very impressed !
 It took a while , so be patient . We initially placed the fountain near their food bowls , and while it did n't deter them from eating -LRB- very little deters them from eating -RRB- , it also did n't encourage them to drink . When I moved it to the bathroom counter and steadfastly refused to turn the sink faucet on , my boy gave in and started drinking from the fountain . I have n't actually seen my girl drink , but my husband has.The noise level is really nothing at all , in fact , when the fountain was in the kitchen , the refrigerator motor was louder than the fountain motor ! It 's more noticeable in the bathroom , but nowhere near intolerable unless the water level is low . Then it really does produce some truly unique vibrations.I 've cleaned it couple of times now with no issues other than forgetting how to get the flow control back on . It 's fairly intuitive , so a little fidgeting and we 're back in business . The benefits of not being woken at 3:00 am by a yowling , thirsty Siamese who wants the faucet turned on far outway any nuisance .
 My kitties love it . I would recommend buying the resevoir though b/c you have to fill it a lot ! I have 3 kitties too .
 The Drinkwell Pet Fountain is a wonderful product . Although my cat is afraid of the drinkwell I believe it is much healthier for your pet .
 My cats love to drink out of a faucet and are seriously enjoying the Drinkwell Fountain . Would recommend to anyone with a cat or dog .
 Prior to having this fountain , my kitties like so many others , prefered to drink from a dripping faucet . Since we 're on metered water I did n't really like to leave the faucet dripping all the time . I keep my fountain on the bathroom counter , next to the sink they were used to drinking from . They really seem to like having it there , away from their food . This also helps keep the mess down in case the kitties splash , which they do.I ca n't say enough good things about the Drinkwell fountain . I purchased the starter kit , which includes the reservoir , cleaning brushes and extra filters and I 'm very glad that I did . The extra reservoir keeps me from worrying that it will run out of water while I am at work or away for a day or two.The fountain is very easy to clean and the sound of the water running is actually quite soothing . The motor is very quiet and I do n't actually hear it most of the time.I empty the bowl every few days & wipe it out , since one of my kitties likes to clean his paws in it . I wash it more thouroughly once every week to 10 days.The kitties love it . They drink a lot more water than they did before , which is very good for them . I 've noticed that they 've got less dry skin and that they 're eating a little less , too.This is a great product that can contribute a lot to the health of your cats . It 's also really nice not to have a bowl of water that has to be filled every morning .
 The product is great . It works well , is clean , not too loud -LRB- the water running is louder than the hum of the motor that some talk about but it 's relaxing -RRB- . I 've had it set up for weeks . I 've let it run with the fountain and unplugged it with just the water sitting in the bowl and my cat has not touched it yet ! My cat drinks out of every faucet in the house and begs , literally , for taps to be turned on so he can drink out of them but he stares at this contraption , sniffs , and walks away . He has n't tried it , not once , even when it 's just sitting water . Such a bummer to have spent $ 70 on the full kit which I thought was a great deal . I keep hoping someday he 'll warm up to it . If not , I guess I 'll pack it away for future kits .
 I have a very special cat and he loves the fountain . At first he was n't very keen but with the heat , he soon realized that the cool fresh water was a better alternative to stale warm water ! The filters are difficult to find in local stores but if you buy them thru amazon you should be alright . I 'm currently using other filters and they seem to work . However , I use filtered water as well in conjunction with filters . If your cat is not too interested in the fountain , you can force him to drink by reducing the water flow and by eliminating other sources of water ... he 'll get the hint.Always keep the fountain with plenty of water or the motor will burnout ; the reason for my new order . The cat sitter was n't extremely attentive to keeping the fountain filled with water.Good luck !
 This is my -LRB- three cats ' -RRB- second one . I purchased the first one six years ago and it still works but calcium build up was beyond average cleanings -LRB- yes I soaked it in CLR many times -RRB- . Good value , filters really work . The cats really love it and the gurgling reminds them to drink I think . The old one is now used outside on the front porch sans the filters and even the birds like it . I do recommend the add-on resevoir because it holds several days worth of water and is very easy to carry to the sink .
 3/4 cats love drinking from it . I got it for one of my cats that simply was n't drinking enough water but sadly it does n't seem like this has help . But I do not believe this is due to the fountain as it was a hit with the other cats
 Love this drinking fountain . It is super easy to clean and the pump holds up wonderfully.My dog loves this and my cat is starting to become interested in it also.I would recommend to anyone that wants to encourage more water for their pets .
 This is a great waterer for pets . We have two cats and one loves to drink from the faucet . This allows him to drink from the `` running water '' as he likes and our other cat enjoys drinking from the large pan . It 's relatively quiet until the water gets low but just adding a bit takes care of that . Dishwasher safe is awesome ! Getting the pump out for disassemble seems a bit tricky the first time but it 's easy after you figure out to rotate it 90 degrees first . Highly recommend for multiple pet owners !
 I ca n't get my cats to drink water , so I thought I 'd give this a try . They 've had it for three weeks , and are still scared of it . I thought if I could just turn off the fountain , they would get used to it . However , I ca n't seem to get the lever to totally turn it off . After all , it is a fountain!I 'm starting to get used to the sound . If you put it on a rubber mat , it wo n't vibrate so much . Not that it is terribly loud , but it is noticeable .
 This was what the doctor ordered to encourage increased water consumption by my cat with the repeat urinary tract infections . The vet specifically suggested one that has a splash component to entice the cats . Although she was n't impressed -LRB- she still prefers the toilet -RRB- the other cats took to it right away . The unit was quiet , not at all messy -LRB- no splashing when set on low -RRB- , and extremely easy to take apart for cleaning - follow the written directions that come with the fountain . The big box pet store chains only carried the larger sizes in their stores so I was extremely pleased to find it on Amazon , particularly since it was eligible for free shipping .
 This is the second one of these I have bought , the first one died exactly a year after I bought it . This time around I plan on using filtered water from our refridgerator instead of the tap because I think our hard water made the first one burn out faster . Also , the first one leaked after about 8 months of use so we will see what happens with this one . They are definetely worth it , especially since we live in a drought prone area and I do n't like to leave the faucet on for the cat to drink out of . The motor can get loud if you let it run dry so I do recommend buying the additional reservoir .
 We have 2 cats . Dudley would drag the water bowl all over the kitchen splashing water everywhere . We bought heavier and heavier bowls ... oh , well ! DooDah would go into the bathroom with everyone wanting them to turn the water on in the sink for him to drink . We heard about this drinkwell , and both little brats are happy as busy kittens with it . So are Mommy and Daddy !
 I love this thing . It works exactly as expected . The sound of it running is very quiet . The instructions were n't very good . The only thing you need to know is that the filter does n't need to be cut ; just slide it into the tank . The filter initially discolors the water , so put it under the faucet to get any initial charcoal residue out before putting it in .
 the product works very well just a little noisey when the water bowl is half full , but that prompt me to buy the 40oz attachment but thats all good
 Replacing a ten year old model that finally went by it 's sell-buy-date . The cats really like the unit so I bought a new one .
 I run a cat rescue i used to use a regular water fountain for the cats but it didnt have a filter , so i looked up water fountains on amazon and found the right one for me , right now in house i have 15 cats and they love it , i do need to get another part that holds more water because im always refilling it lol i recommend this to every animal owner !!
 I suppose since they pee more they like this fountain . I like the fact the water circulates through the pump and filter , reducing the chance for funk to form . MY cat 's hate funk.My cat 's love this fountain .
 This pet fountain is very well made and very easy to set up , top quality . However , the noise it makes freaked out all of my five cats . It did n't mention this in directions , but I should have just set it up and not plugged it in until they got used to seeing it and drinking from it . The noise was noticeable within the kitchen , but not really that bad if you are n't a cat . I gave it to my son who got his cats used to it gradually and it is working fine .
 I bought this for my outside cats because they 're always getting into the birdbath for a drink . At first they were unsure but now they play in it and use it regularly . However , I gave it 4 stars instead of 5 because I did n't know it was n't meant to be used outdoors or I would n't have bought it . I will use it outside anyway ; at least until winter arrives .
 Received the Drinkwell Pet Fountain a few days ago and so far I am pleased . Our cat was always pestering us to drink from the faucet and this was my solution for that . She totally uses this thing about 10 times a day . I know for sure she is drinking more than she ever has . A little noisier than I anticipated but not bad . I would compare the noise to a fish tank filter pump . Regardless , my objective was met and I am pleased with my purchase .
 The Drinkwell original fountain gives me confidence that my cats ' water is always fresh and clean . They took to it immediately not being afraid of the new -LRB- soothing -RRB- sound . It 's easy to disassemble for cleaning and the filter can be changed in a snap .
 Took them no time to send very good and I would order again . Very very good and it works well
 We bought the drinkwell water fountain for our 2 cats . The kitties love to drink fresh water from the well , which holds a good amount of water . One of the kitties also drinks directly from the stream of water . The other kitty puts her paw in the water and rubs it on her face ! The water fountain is very quiet and easy to clean . We had compared prices at all the pet stores in town , but the price on Amazon was the lowest and the product arrived within 2 days ! We are very happy with our purchase : -RRB-
 I set this fountain up and almost immediately my cats came running to check it out . Lillith , a kitty that can be shy about new objects , began drinking from it pretty quickly . She drank longer than I have ever seen her drink at any time . Nietzsche took a turn after her , and he loves it too . I have tried at least 3 other fountains , all of which worked okay until they broke . But I have never seen them so interested in a fountain before . They also like playing in the box it came in : -RRB-
 I bought this for my two cats . I feed them dry food and it 's important they drink water and they love drinking the water from the faucette . So I got this for them and thanks to whoever said to put this away from their food bowl . They eat and then stroll to the water fountain to drink . I have seen them use it quite often . It is good - though I wish there were a way for the charcoal filters not to dirty the water -- and I have run them first under the faucette-but still seem to get black specs in my fountain . And this thing is a little hard to clean though I did not spend the money for the cleaning kit that is sold separately . I think it is a good product . I have had mine for more than 2 years and it is still working fine .
 We checked out several different drinking fountains for our cat and liked the looks of this one the best . When we received it , we were even more so impressed . It is easy to take apart and keep clean . Our cat loves it as well .
 I have two cats and they LOVE their water fountain . I purchased this one for a vacation home because the kitties enjoyed the first one so much . It can be taken apart easily in order to clean it and can be handwashed or cleaned in the dishwasher . The reservoir which can be purchased separately is great too , and I know that my pets always have plenty of fresh water .
 At first , my 3 cats were uncertain about this Noisy Water Thing , but after a month , they 're totally cool with it . The volume is n't significant -LRB- in a house with 3 cats , 3 adults , and 1 gradeschooler -RRB- . It makes a chuff-chuff-spit sound when the reservoir is getting too low . The design is pretty straightforward , with the only fiddly bit being the cover for the impeller , but even that 's not significant . Pretty easy to clean , and I 'm thankful that my cats do n't like putting their food into the water -LRB- the dishes are side-by-side -RRB- . I would definitely recommend this to folks with felines .
 Our cats and dog use this fountain continuously . We 've had one for many years . I got this one for my daughter 's dog .
 This fountain works perfectly for my two cats . It 's the 2nd one I 've owned . The first on got clogged by my hard water after over a year of daily use.Drinkwell Original Pet Fountain
 I looked every where for this thing and compared prices like you would n't believe , everyone wanted around $ 60 for this thing , I could n't believe it , for a fountain . A few months ago , I had gotten another cat , and noticed that this cat steps in her water to make it move so she could drink it , she is very strange . I had noticed that she would leave litter in the drinking bowl when she did this , and I found it to be very unclean for her and my other cat and dog . I am so glad I bought this drinking fountain , I was nervous about spending that much money for a water dish , it was so much cheaper here and well worth the money . She drinks from the fountain now so no more litter in the bowl , she loves it and so do I. Just a little something extra , you really do n't have to use the filters for it , if your pet just needs to drink water that is just running or moving , but it is a bounus because it keeps it cleaner , I do also suggest buying the water container attachment , I have n't yet but plan to in the near future . I have 3 pets that drink from it , and right now i have to feel it twice a day sometimes more , if the water just gets a little low then it makes a loud noise due to the fact it needs more water to countinue it 's flow .
 Since I have purchased this drinkwell , my cat has jumped less on the counter to drink out of the faucet .
 The device is handy for our two cats to take drinking everyday.Motor is a bit noisy , but acceptable.Plastic housing a bit flimsy , and instruction asks for regular maintenance is a bit overwhelming.Assembly of the device make it a bit challenging for clean-up . Instruction how to disemble for cleaning is a bit ambiguous .
 My cat would only drink out of the sink faucet . I am thrilled that she likes the Drinkwell Fountain . I am free of being a slave to watering the cat !
 I really like the drinkwell fountain . My cats were actually scared of it at first , but now they love it . The motor is louder then I anticipated , and it only came with one replacement filter , but they last 4-6 weeks I believe , so that is n't a huge deal . I really recommend this to anyone who has a cat or more then one cat that likes to drink out of the faucet . Like I said , my cats were scared of it at first , but I think the motor is what scared them ... Now they are used to it.The only thing I really do n't like about it is the lid does n't securely close , it just sits on top . And my one cat is very inquisitive about everything and she kept knocking the lid off , so I have to tape both sides down so she can not do that . Other then that ... I love it !
 This is a really cool way to keep fresh water for a pet . I was very tired of always cleaning out a yucky water dish when I would not take the time to clean it each time I filled it with water . My cat is a little disturbed by the running water , but is finally getting used to it . I also bought the Aqua Garden and she does like that and it grows fast .
 I just love the drinkwell pet fountain . I have two for my two cats . They always have fresh water to drink , I also think they drink more water now .
 We got our cat last June and have been at wits end trying to find a way for him to drink water and not get it everywhere . He would use his paw to try and scoop the water . We tried different bowls and another type of fountain but nothing worked . He was n't getting enough water and ended up with urinary crystals and we ended up with too many vet bills.Then we got this one and it 's been great ! He drinks but does n't splash and I know he 's getting enough as I 'm reflling it everyday and his litter box also proves it . No more vet bills -LRB- at least for this -RRB- . I would give the fountain 5 stars but we went away for 2 days and tried the extra 50 oz . container , but found it empty , water on the floor and the container accross the room . Not sure how he got it off , but that and the lid of the fountain should be harder for cats to remove .
 Works well for our cat . The water here is pretty good quality so we do not use the filter . At first he was hesitant to use the fountain , but after a day was used to it . I think he drank more often than from just a dish . I found that it was n't too hard to clean , but maybe our cat did n't make too much of a mess in the fountain . You do have to add water at least every 2-3 days to keep it full . Generally quiet , but if the capacity drops by more than about 15 oz or so it becomes quite noisy . I have n't yet tried the larger capacity add-on yet , though . I also keep the regulator half-way to reduce any noise . Price at Amazon is about $ 10 cheaper than the retail store .
 My cats love drinking from the fountain . It is quiet and works well . However , there is a tendency for it to leak small amounts , so I have to keep a towel underneath it . I would also like if it was more decorative ; somewhat like a regular fountain and not so obviously a cat fountain .
 Great water fountain for my cats . They love it and it keeps the water filtered and clean . Only down side is i have to replace it about once a year .
 My cat is 18 yrs old and the vet said he 's starting to have kidney problems . One thing she told me is cats this age need to drink lots of water . That worried me , because although my cat drinks a lot of water when I 'm home -LRB- he cries by the water faucet and I turn it on for him -RRB- I worried that while I was n't home he was n't drinking . The water level in his bowl during the day did n't drop much . I got the Drinkwell fountain and he loves it . I no longer have the howling several times during the night . When I come home after work the water level has gone down in the bowl and he 's not on the bathroom counter howling for water . He was curious right off about the bowl , but it took him a coulple of days to really adjust . I 'm getting better sleep and I feel better since he seems to be drinking more water . He 's even stopped fighting me for the faucet while I 'm brushing my teeth !
 I like the fountain because it keeps the water moving , hence I 'd think a bit fresher . However my cat was slow to warm to it . I think it 's because it 's a bit on the noisy side . But then again , she is quite finicky to begin with ...
 we have 2 cats and the love this they are drinking more water and now staying out of the toilet
 I have two kittens , 7 and 9 months old . They really use the fountain often .
 We used to have only a cat water fountain & the dog made it so messy . This is much neater . It does get loud when it is running low on water & the trickle of the water even when it is full is also a little loud but I have gotten used to it . It really is n't a big deal . I bought a big waterproof mat on a different site for under the fountain & that has really helped to keep the whole area clean too .
 My husband and I bought this for our cat because we were getting tired of sharing the bathroom sink with her ! She was a little apprehensive about it for the first few days , as she used both the fountain and the bathroom sink . But , she figured out quickly that it was her own personal drinking source and soon she forgot all about the sink ! It works really well and has never clogged up , even when some of her fur gets in the fountain . We also purchased the '70 Ounce Drinkwell Reservoir ' to attach to it so that the cat can have water for a full week -LRB- we thoroughly clean and refill it once a week -RRB- . We are very happy with this product !
 This is our 2nd Drinkwell & we only bought it because we dropped the other in the disposal unit during cleaning . For the money & happiness of the cat . . it 's worth every penny .
 We saw a larger drinkwell fountain at a friend 's home for her two cats . Since my cat loves to find her water and especially loves the sound of water , I thouhgt this would be perfect for her . It is . The only problem we had was the motor was quite loud and became annoying . Drinkwell replaced the motor after a phone call and it is much quieter.Now we are all happy .
 Cat likes it much better than a regular bowl , but still not as much as out of the faucet .
 I have a cat that will usually spurn water from a bowl , and is very annoying about wanting to lap from a running faucet . Every time you go to the bathroom in my house , she 's always right there looking at you -LRB- sometimes making eye contact through a mirror , are n't cats not supposed to be that smart !? -RRB- , hoping you 'll turn the faucet on . I bought another brand 's flowing water bowl , which is not bad , but since the water does n't travel through the air like on this one , she was n't interested.Well , this one does the trick ! having the water pour through the air , like a faucet , seems to placate my finicky feline . It also oxygenates the water , which seems to keep it a little fresher . The unit is basically ready to go right out of the box , and unlike that `` other brand '' , does n't have a complicated reservoir contraption with the plunger top that is EXTREMELY difficult to clean . One thing I did notice is the first time i inserted the charcoal filter , the water turned black - my fault - you need to soak these types of things first , but just FYI , do n't do the initial soak in the actual water bowl!Overall I like this one better . The bowl is a simpler design , there are less parts to clean , and the water flows more like a faucet , which is what makes kitty happy . The only complaint I have is that the water pump is VERY noisy when it gets air in it , more so then the one in the other brand 's model.Overall a good buy !
 My two cats love this drinking fountain , they seem to drink more water from this , it is like coming fresh from the faucet ... Thank You
 I have one adopted cat , so I purchased the Drinkwell original pet fountain plus the 70 ounce reservoir . My cat had previously been in a home where the faucet was left running 24/7 so he refused to drink from a bowl . -LRB- Cat 's rule , do n't they !! -RRB- Since we can not leave water running on our very tight water rations , our wake-up calls were getting most annoying . Needless to say , I was excited to find this product , though the mixed reviews did concern me . First , I must say that this fountain is flimsy to the touch . The first time it was used , the motor noise was loud enough to be heard 30 ft. away through two rooms ; the running water could not be heard at all . My cat would n't go near it because of the noise , so it took about 7 days for him to trust it . Instructions specify cleaning the motor every two weeks , but the motor could not be removed even with a hefty strong hand , and I did n't want to pry it out with a tool for fear of breakage , so after about 5 days of first use , I took everything apart , removed the impeller and cleaned the motor intact with a wire brush . Even though there were no visible signs of cat hair/sand/dirt etc. , once everything was put back together - it worked quietly ! Perhaps the impeller needed to be blessed , I do n't know . But it works quietly now . And the 70-ounce reservoir is a must . I 've got mine on an uneven tile floor , no mat , with the backside -LRB- reservoir side -RRB- resting against wooden cupboards and it runs quietly . My cat does n't play with it so there 's no fear of knocking the reservoir off , although it is very flimsy construction . The reservoir was easy to attach - follow instructions specifically , and you 'll not spill a drop of water . BTW , with the 70 ounce reservoir , your cat will have fresh water for about 6 days . Since we live in a hot climate , sometimes I throw a couple ice cubes in the bowl . So much better than a bowl of standing water !! I 've taken one star off for flimsy construction and a stuck motor .
 This is the greatest gift for a cat who loves to drink from the bathtub or sink faucet ... their very own running fountain . It 's quiet so long as you do n't let it run too low on water . The cat and I are both very happy with it .
 I tried to remember to put the lid down but obviously did n't always remember . My dogs absolutly love this product . In fact they prefer not to drink out of anything else . I doi have to fill the tank once a day but that is much better than the 3-5 times a day before . also my cats love th drink out of the water stream and they have also stopped drinking out the toilet . It does need to be cleaned at least once a week , I recommend buying a small scrub brush on an a long habdle to get into the hard to reach areas . I highly recommend !!!
 original purchase was faulty -LRB- it leaked -RRB- but i notified amazon and it was replaced very promptly at no charge . the fountain works like it should and my cat -LRB- anheuser -RRB- enjoys drinking from it . the resevoir is large enough so that i only have to add water once per day . the fountain is somewhat noisy but no real distraction to me . hippyman41
 Good not great does what it says . Construction is a little cheap.Comes apart easy but can be a little tricky to get it all back together at once . cats seem indiffrent dont seem to drink anymore water which was the idea .
 My cat absolutely loves this machine , and she is clearly drinking more water now than before this unit entered our home . Here 's the kicker , I ca n't more highly recommend that you team this purchase with theDrinkwell Reservoir , 50 Ounceas that seems to last about a week with our 10lb kitty . She loves the running water and the convenience of not having to change the water every day -LRB- cats prefer fresh water -RRB- far out-weighs the inconvenience of a once every couple of weeks cleaning .
 If your cat is n't shy or timid and is open to exploring . . then they should fall in love with this product . I originally bought this fountain for an aging kitty , but he was very old and never took to using it . . However , my six year old male Maine-Coon/Tabby mix has taken over the fountain . He is a big , bold cat who loves to explore and this was just the purrfect fit for him . He gets fresh water when he wants it and will seldom use a regular water bowl any more.My girl kitty -LRB- very shy -RRB- , still prefers a regular water bowl , which I have in another location for her needs.For me , there are no downsides , you just need to take the fountain apart about every six weeks to clean it out and change the filter .
 I love this fountain . It is quiet unless it is running low on water which makes it a good reminder to keep it filled . My persnickety cat actually uses it to drink from ! She never drank from anything less than the running bathroom faucet prior to this fountain ! So thank you !!
 It 's a very nice fountain and my cat drank out of it almost right away -LRB- it took some getting used to # . It works great , but I must say it is just a little noisy . I have it placed in my room , so at night I can hear it rather well . If it was n't in my room I probably would n't notice.It does make a pretty loud noise if you do n't put enough water in it . So unless you feel like filling it up frequently it 's probably a good idea to get the 50 ounce reservoir -LRB- which I 'm planning to do -RRB- . It came with a filter so you do n't need to worry about buying those right away.The fountain that I received also was not the silver color of the main picture . It was like the speckled blue pictures . But it still looks very nice and works wonderfully .
 I 've had this fountain for almost a month and I think it 's great . One of my cats really like to drink out of the faucet in the bathroom sink and this seems like a good replacement for him . He drinks right out of the spout where my other cats like to drink out of the bottom . I have had no problem with cleaning or clogging . It does make a weird sound when the water level gets too low -LRB- this is why I gave 4/5 stars -RRB- , but I try to add fresh water to it everyday . Of course the fountain is not totally silent but the noise is not enough to bug me , it 's a quiet hum with the sound of running water . I would recommend this fountain to cat owners , really great fountain for the price !
 My cats and I love this fountain . One cat drinks from the fountain , and one from the bowl . Cats have poor depth perception and the fountain allows them to `` see '' the surface of the water.I like how it sounds too ; I call it my `` water feature '' . Friends have commented they like how it sounds too , saying that others they have heard are too loud and anoying . This one is soothing . I recommend buying the additional attachment that holds more water . Otherwise you will be constantly adding more water . The motor can burn out , and it makes a terrible noise if the water level is too low . The filters last a long time , but you will need to replace them . I frequently clean the filter while I clean out the fountain to make them last longer.I am 100 % satisfied with this product and have given it as a gift to several fellow cat lovers .
 We 've had this product for the past 15 years . The first one finally wore out/cracked plastic plus I `` munched '' one part in our garbage disposal by mistake . Bought two new ones and the improved color and design is great . All five of our cats use the two fountains . Easy of cleaning a real plus .
 My cats love to drink out of the faucet , and I was worried about them not drinking enough water . I got this - and they seem to like it . They still beg for the faucet - but not as much . Its worth the value - been running it a month and have had no problems . You need to keep the water level high - filling it daily - otherwise it starts to make a noise as if the motor is spinning not catching water when there is water in the bowl . It just needs a consistent level .
 I received an original pet fountain five years or more ago as a gift-including the extra large reservoir . It was an instant hit.We have extremely hard water here so I had to soak the parts in white vinegar to get them clean but other than that the fountain worked fine and the cats loved it ! That one finally stopped pumping water-I think I could replace the motor but it would cost almost as much as a new fountain once shipping and filters were included.I bought another fountain about a month ago -LRB- which is why I was requested to do this review -RRB- and at first it was pretty noisy but soon quieted down . I probably should have checked all the fittings and connections before plugging it in , but it eventually was fine anyway.I was a little disappointed that there was NO RESERVOIR ! none at all , included with the new one-I did n't expect that . I will have to get a new one if I ever want to resurrect the old fountain . I saved the bowl and spout parts in case I do . Anyway , I was quite glad I had the old reservoir.The only nagging problem I have is locating replacement filters anywhere but on-line . Apparently no stores up in northwest lower Michigan carry Drinkwell products ! This has no bearing on how I feel about the fountain though . 5 Stars !
 I purchased this back in January as a be-lated Christmas present for my cat . He is fascinated with running water and like to drink from anything that is n't his bowl . I always worry about him not drinking enough water so this seemed like a good solution . He absolutely loves it . He drinks from the reservoir part and oftentimes the stream that comes out of the spout.The fountain was very easy to assemble and get going . I decided to wash every piece before using it but it still only took me about 20-30 minutes to get it up and running.As far as function goes I agree with other reviewers that the fountain is kind of a pain to clean and I always have trouble getting the motor out which I guess is n't such a bad thing since its tight and does n't cause any leaks . I clean it about every week . I like that I no longer get that film that forms on top of the water and any cat her that gets in goes through the motor and filter and is sucked out of the drinking area.You do have to add water to it about everyday or two . I left for a about a day and half and I came back and it was making a terrible noise even though it really was n't that low . I think an additional reservoir purchase would help but I only have one cat and I rarely leave him alone for even 24 hours so that is n't so much a problem.I have n't had any trouble with the fountain splashing or making a mess . Occasionally my cat will feel compelled to play in it but that ca n't be helped . As far as noise goes , it runs very quietly . I find the running water very soothing and the motor itself is quiet as long as you keep the water level up.Overall I am very happy with the product as is my cat and I feel like the product is well worth the price tag .
 I purchased a Drinkwell Pet Fountain for my kitties back in the summer of 2001 . It has been running ever since . It is imperative to keep the thing clean , and never let it run out of water . We also have the reservoir attached to hold additional water . My cats LOVE this fountain.Once you figure out how to take it apart to clean everything -LRB- including the impeller -RRB- , it becomes very easy to dismantle and reassemble.For those who have cats prone to urinary crystals or cystitis , this can be a great way to encourage a cat to drink enough water.I ca n't compare the Drinkwell to any other pet fountain , since this was my first choice , and I 've never had to purchase a replacement.For this reason , we give it a definite paws-up = D
 When I received my drinkwell fountain , it was so noisy that it drowned out the sound of the falling water ! You could hear it rooms away . My fountain was not low on water and my motor was not clogged . I contacted the company and they said it should be no louder than the hum of a fridge . Mine was definitely louder . After emailing with a REAL PERSON at the company , she deemed that my motor was malfunctional . They sent a new one and ... . it 's about 10x quieter ! So now I am happy , and dealing with the company was actually a pleasant process compared to regular customer service !
 I ordered this product , because my newly adopted kitty would only drink out of the faucet . It has been great . It has a gentle hum , and has worked perfectly . Cleaning was not hard . I removed the filter , because it was turning the water grey . My kitty , Sofie , has been very happy .
 My Havanese LOVES to drink from this fountain ! It 's quiet and I like the option to increase or decrease the water flow . It 's small enough to place on our toy breed 's feeding mat , too . Definitely a great addition to any spoiled dog 's routine ! : -RRB-
 I did have a little problem with the initial shippment of this item because it was on back order and they did not tell me so . But , everything was ironed out and got the product and it works GREAT .
 First let me begin this by saying we do n't own a spoiled kitty kat with a cutesy name . We own a plain and simple Manx named Bob -LRB- bobcat -RRB- that we rescued . Bob likes to drink from faucets and I will not stand for an animal on any of our counters . So we bought a Wisker City fountain and Bob loved it . No more counter problems . Problem was it leaked . It leaked a lot . Especially when Bob decided to play with it.So far this one does n't leak , no matter what Bob does.However , there are a few things I should mention.When we first set it up it made too much noise . Enough noise that I was going to send the unit back . However after experimenting with it , I have learned that the noise is caused by air bubbles trapped in the area surrounding the pump impeller . When you initially fill the unit , if you fill the unit by just pouring water in the bowl and letting the pump fill the top chamber , the air bubbles never free themselves and the fountain is too loud.There 's an easy solution to the problem though . When you first fill the fountain , pour water into the bowl and then pour water into the top chamber until the water starts to drain out of the spout . The bubbles will rise and the fountain is much more peaceful.I would have given this fountain 5 stars but it 's kind of a pain to clean . To clean it we put it on the counter so that Bob ca n't get at it , remove the filter , put a teaspoon of bleach in while it 's running and let it run for about ten minutes . Then we rinse everything well , put back together , and fill it . Bob 's happy . I 'm happy . Floors are dry . House is quiet . What more could I ask for ?
 This is a great product that works without failure and provides our kitties with fresh filter water whenever they want some . Easy to clean and replace charcoal filter which lasts six + months if you are diligent about cleaning unit every week . We purchased the optional reservoir and fill it with ice cubes to keep the water nice and chilled . Will last for years and years . Our previous unit lasted 8 years .
 This is my second Drinkwell Original Fountain . I had the first one for about 5 years until the motor on the pump finally quit . Never had any problems with it . This one seems a little louder but maybe it 's just because it 's new . I do n't anticipate any problems with this one . It has been up and running for about a month now and my three cats love it . The only reason I did n't give 5 stars is because it is a little loud .
 We used to put water in bowls for our cats , but they seemed to have a yen for flowing water , e.g. a dripping faucet , flushed toilet , or cat fountain . We tried the Drinkwell brand and have found it easy to clean , plus our cats like to lap at the water flowing down from the spout . We 've been through four or five fountains during our forty years of feline companionship , and all of our cats have seemed to love drinking from the flowing water.If you happen to have a water-loving Maine Coon , he will find it much harder to splash all of the water out of this fountain as opposed to splashing it out of a simple water dish.Be sure to buy extra filters and the water jug that attaches to the back of the fountain .
 We were a little nervous about the concerns we saw posted before we bought this product , but went ahead and gave it a try . We could n't be happier . Our cats have become more enthusiastic drinkers , especially our female cat - who was not fond of drinking water . She used to have problems `` straining '' in her litter box , but the extra water she drinks has solved the problem . We have also been able to cut back on the higher calorie wet-food she was eating -LRB- to try to get more moisture in her diet -RRB- now that she drinks more.We thought the filters and the cleaning kit might be a rip-off . I do n't know how much the filters actually `` purify '' the water , but they certainly help prevent hair and food clogs , and allowed us to go longer between cleanings . Likewise , we found cleaning to be quite easy with the kit . The brushes are just the right size and it only took 5-10 minutes . I can certainly handle that every week or two.The noise has n't been a problem either . We have hardwood floors , so we put the unit on a towel . If we remove the towel , it makes a slight hum as the motor vibrates against the floor . With the towel , all we hear is the sound of the water running . -LRB- You have to expect that , right -RRB- . We got the extra reservoir , so we can go a couple of days without refilling.With minimal effort on our part , out cats now have something that makes them happier and healthier .
 11/28/08 Follow up
 This product solved my problems . My cat used to cry continuously to get to the tub faucet . I bought the drinkwell pet foutain and it seems to have soothed his need to be in the tub with me.Make sure that you rinse the filter thouroughly before using ... it will get a very small amount of charcoal in the dish if not . It 's not harmful to you cat if it does make it to the bowl . I suggest rinsing and refilling with water .
 I have three cats and they love it . A plain bowl of water loses its taste rapidly and must be replaced daily . The Drinkwell fountain took care of that problem .
 So , we start with this as a christmas present for puss puss last year . Got it , plugged it in , and fired it up . Worked as advertised . Immediately , the product testing department in my house , had at it . the top lid comes off easily . i know this , because Mr curious decided he needed to know what was going on inside there , and knocked the lid off MANY times to put his paw in and taste the &#34; secret &#34; water . this was fixed with a piece of scotch tape , which seems to confound those without opposable thumbs.Fountain worked fine for months . You will get an alert it 's low on water , -LRB- if you did n't notice at feeding time , -RRB- as it starts making a puffing sound , and you will get a polite , furry tap on the leg.on about the 11th month of having it , I awoke to the &#34; non &#34; sound of running water . the fountain had died , and i had a very confused , and suspicious kitty . i got the distinct impression he blamed me for stopping the running water . Upon inspection , i saw a minor deformity on the surface of the pump motor , which is very open on the underside of the fountain . -LRB- You 'll want to thoroughly drain the fountain BEFORE turning it over ... including removing the aforementioned scotch taped lid ... 'cause there is water in there too.I remembered I bought it on Amazon , because it had a warranty . And here 's the best part about Amazon , and buying everything through amazon if i can . A simple search of my orders turned up the original purchase date , and all relevant order info ... without digging for papers somewhere that i would n't have found . -LRB- Shameless promotion for Amazon prime here ... -RRB- Now , here was a bit of a rub , and something Amazon should fix
 Without this pet fountain , you 'd wash and refill a water bowl perhaps twice a day . With it , you just add water every so often -LRB- I bought the big reservoir so its about every three days for my two cats -RRB- , and you clean the fountain about every two weeks , and the cats * prefer * this water to water fresh out of a faucet sitting in a regular bowl.Dismantling the fountain is very easy . There are no screws , and it is mostly held together by gravity . There are only five parts -LRB- the bowl , the chimney , the stator , the lever , and the cap -RRB- plus the pump and filter . I thought that cleaning the pump would be hard , but it is n't . The spinning impeller -LRB- the only moving part of this product ! -RRB- is held in it by magnetic force , and slides out without a problem , leaving a hole that is easily completely cleaned with a Q-Tip . I recommend using an aquarium brush to clean the filter chamber -LRB- a bit small to fit my hand -RRB- , though in a pinch a plain old sponge squished in there works fine.That a quiet water pump can be manufactured which can also be completely cleaned by the average consumer is impressive . That it has been integrated into a water bowl/spout which the cats like , and which does n't splash -LRB- that 's what the little hump in the bowl is for -RRB- , is great.I recommend the additional reservoir . It keeps the bowl full so you rarely have to worry about the water running out -LRB- which could burn out the pump -RRB- . Yes , it would be great if the pump had an `` auto-stop on empty '' feature , but it does not.The Drinkwell Pet Fountain has been masterfully designed , and it works great .
 I 've tried other pet fountains , but this one is hands-down the best , top quality , easy to use fountain . Getting the 70oz reservoir and cleaning kit , as well as the fountain itself , for the price LitterBoy Pet Products offered was a wonderful value ! -LRB- And shipping was very quick too . -RRB-
 I have had this pet fountain for almost a year now and my cat loves it ! I find the sound of the water flowing soothing . The pump seems very quiet to me , I ca n't hear it at all . There is no splashing at all . The water flow is adjustable , my cat seems to like it best when it is set on the lower side .
 I bought one of these several years ago for my two cats at home . They both took to it right away , especially my older female cat -LRB- who is now 15 -RRB- . Two years ago I decided to bring it in for my two cats at work , and bought a Petmate Fresh Flow fountain for home . Within two months I gave up on the Fresh Flow and got another Drinkwell for home.The bowl stays clean , the water stays clean and my cats love it . I do n't understand all of the people complaining about the noise as both of mine are very quiet . The water does make a splashing/gurgling noise but the motor is very quiet . The one at work is right in my very small office and I do n't notice it at all.It can be a pain to take apart and clean , but I only do it once a week so it 's hard to complain about that . The filters are easy to find and cheaper than for the other fountain . I change them every 6-8 weeks.My 15 year old cat adores her fountain , as do both cats at work . My 5 year old male cat at home prefers to drink from dirty dishes in the sink .
 One of my cats loves drinking from the faucet . However , she 's older and has been ill , so she ca n't jump up anymore . Also , she has hyperthyroid and wants to drink a lot even though her blood work and thyroid levels are good . She LOVES this fountain and so does the family . She loves the waterfall flow of the water and it is always so clean . I add a few small pieces of ice , which she loves . Anytime I fill it , she comes right over and drinks.My other cat did n't use it at first because the older cat `` rules '' everyone , including the 2 dogs ! But eventually , he used it and loves it too.Some reviewers mentioned the motor noise . The fountain does make an annoying noise when it is not filled with enough water . I have to add water several times a day , so I just bought the reservoir.The price is fantastic !!! I 'd also recommend getting the reservoir and the cleaning brushes . We only need to clean it about every 2 weeks and it 's easy . A GREAT PRODUCT !
 This Drinkwell Original Pet Fountain arrived very quickly and in excellent condition . The setup was easy and quick . It works well , quietly and has a variable flow knob . The cat , Chloe , I bought it for seems wary of it . Another cat did n't mind the new device . I have the old Petmate fountain with water running on the plastic slide and Chloe still prefers playing in the old fountain . I also have laminate flooring so I put the fountain on a large plastic tub lid to prevent ruining the flooring . The only thing is the reservoir is n't very large . It may be the other models are larger and better for multiple cats .
 Before I bought the Drinkwell , I had a PetMate Fresh Flow fountain that made a lot of humming noise , eventually stopped pumping the water and was hard to clean -LRB- and I think the first one I bought leaked , so I exchanged it -RRB- . The Drinkwell fountain is sooooo much better than the Petmate version ... and a thousand times easier to clean . My cat loves it and drinks a lot more water now . I think it 's partly because the water comes out just like a faucet . I recommend buying the little cleaning kit , because the brushes are just the right size to clean the crevices . I find the fountain very easy to take apart and clean by hand , but I love that it can be put in the dishwasher . I also think the filters for the Drinkwell last longer than the PetMate version .
 We have 2 large dogs and a visiting small one - they love the water fountain and I love the fact that I can let it go for 2-3 days without filling it . I clean it about every 2 weeks and change the filter every 3 cleanings . Takes about 5 minutes to clean really well - not hard . The only design flaw in my opinion are some cavities in the fountain section that collect standing water and get slimy sooner than everything else . I use baking soda to clean it because I do n't want my dogs to have to drink the soap residue . I am very happy with this product ! Recommended for anyone who does n't want to fill water bowls every day ! : -RRB-
 My oldest cat began to beg incessantly for water from the tub . She has not made any requests for tub water after getting the Drinkwell . She and her 2 housemates love it ... the humans do too . This fountain is so quiet , the only noise is the sound of the water itself . After reading the reviews , I thought it would be a nightmare to clean but I had no trouble at all . Overall , this is the best purchase I 've made for my kitties in quite a while .
 I was having trouble with my cat jumping onto the sink wanting water from it . So I bought this and placed it under the sink . For a while he would still try to jump onto the sink , but I would stop him and then he would see the running water and drink out of it . He seems to drink water way more often then he did with a stagnant bowl and thats great . Only annoying thing is having to clean it once a week . I ended up buying the cleaning brushes they recommend to fit in the odd shaped areas of the back part . Overall a very nice fountain and not very loud .
 Both cats avoided the humming motor for several days and went to their usual , spillable water bowl . So I unplugged it . That worked . Now they like the flowing water and I eliminated the spillable bowl and attendant mopping up.I also bought additional filters , which are n't needed . The one with it will last for a long time ... and I do n't even think any filter is necessary.I rinse and wipe the thing out -LRB- not clean it -RRB- every couple of days . Seems fine .
 My cats drink way more water now that I use a fountain , which is great . They love this thing so much that if I turn it off for a while for cleaning , they come running as soon as it comes back on .
 Well worth the money spent because my 2 cats always have fresh , cold running water and has not been a problem as of yet . I do not expect any issues , no drips , leaks , or loud noises . Now if the water does get low you will hear the motor so i have since ordered the 70 oz water reservoir attachment to fix this issue and limit how often I am having to pout water in the fountain . Since the fountain and reservoir were reasonably priced I am not really complaining . Since summer is right around the corner I will feel much more at ease being gone all day with the kids knowing that the cats will have plenty water to drink while we are gone . If something comes up I will update this review , but so far we < 3 it !
 I love these fountains . This is the third I 've purchased over the years . The first one 's motor burned out , probably because I sometimes did n't keep it full enough ! But now I have an additional reservoir and that makes all the difference . The second one I cracked putting the motor in after cleaning . Totally my fault . But this one is working a charm - keeps the cats heppy and certainly healthier when they are all getting enough water . You know how picky cats can be ! They all love the running water.Editted to add , October 2012 : The dish cracked again , right in the area you put the motor in after cleaning . Clearly this can not be just me . I 'm super careful now . After having cracked the previous dish , I even use a tiny bit of cooking oil to limit resistance between the motor and the plastic bowl . Still cracked . Argh . Bought another , but really annoyed that the company that makes this wo n't sell just the dish . I do n't need all the other parts !
 My cats LOVED this ! They were always swatting at the faucet or dripping water in the shower so this does not bother them one bit ! they both like to play with the stream and catch water then lick it from their paws . its so cute to see ! very durable and wont tip over . works great !
 I bought this Drinkwell because my cats were always playing in their water . Now they have fresh filtered water at all times and do not play in it anymore to get fresh water . I think it is amazing . I then bought one for my Sister and her pets for Christmas since I liked mine so well !
 We have used this for more than a year for two cats and it is an excellent product . Cats love it . Humans put up with the cleaning and changing of filters because it 's one less thing for the cats to complain about and cause problems elsewhere .
 This was my first drinkwell or any type of fountain purchase . This is a great product and works well with cats who tend to drink a ton of water . The problem I had with is fountain is that after about ten months of use , the pump was n't working well . Hair would inevitably get into the pump and I had to end up buying a replacement fountain . My second fountain was the platinum fountain
 This is my second fountain . I have 4 cats and they love it . I felt I needed a second fountain to keep up with them.I would recommend this product to anyone with a cat or small dog . I have a large dog and he has emptied it in a couple of gulps .
 My kitten is obsessed with water and loves his new fountain ! It also gives your cats fresh water throughout the day .
 My cats love this . My dogs do too . It has been running now for two plus years without issue and we have not had any problems with it . I clean it out periodically . After we moved , we got a new one that could handle a larger capacity as the dogs liked drinking from this when placed next to their normal water bowl . We still use this one for the cats .
 My foster cat would only drink out of a running faucet . Counter tops not allowed , so that left the bathtub . After a couple of days of forgetting to turn off the faucet before leaving for work , I knew I had to find another solution . -LRB- Also , it is not healthy for kitties to not have access to water 24/7 -RRB- . For the money , this was great ! Inexpensive product , easy to clean , and my foster cat took right to it . In fact , it went along to her forever home when she was adopted . My own cats had learned to like it as well , and I intend to get one for them next .
 Fountain works great . Runs fairly quiet . Love the trickling sound of the water . Cat likes it too . I especially like the filter which keepts the water clean for a long time . Slow evaporation . I add water daily , though . Great price and the quality is very good .
 Works well and even creates a soothing fountain noise in the background . Very easy to set up and clean . You have to keep adding new water though .
 My cat developed a habit of always wanting water from the bathroom faucet . She would wake me up so I would turn it on for her . This drinkwell pet fountain is a good solution . The cat loves drinking from the water stream , and I have noted that she is drinking alot more . The only problem is a rattling noise . So much plastic inexorably leads to this . I finally discovered that one of the plastic tabs was causing the noise , so I wrapped a piece of tape around it before reassembling the top piece into the bottom base of the unit . The tape has helped a lot .
 The motor growls , but it works well . It was n't ever exactly quiet , but it did get louder in the first 2 weeks . Putting a towel under it seemed to help . It does not leak at all , which is an issue I 've fax with several other fountains .
 My cat used to love to drink out of the faucet in the bathroom , which could be a little much when you 're trying to brush your teeth . My roommate & I got this for him , and he loves it ! It works great and has a little filter for the water . It 's pretty quiet , we live in a tiny apartment & ca n't hear it except when it is running low on water , when it makes a noise so you know to refill it . It also shipped pretty fast .
 I chose this rating because the cats are drawn to the fountain like a magnet and they prefer water from this watering system rather then standing water . It is an excellent product .
 Good cat water fountain . Works both with and without the filter and my cat actually likes it better without the filter-tasting water . A nice buy !
 I 've had one of these pet fountains for about 2 years and the motor finally died . I have the extra reservoir . We have 3 cats who are all on special food to prevent urine crystals . It 's also a diuretic .3 days post motor dying I notice the lack of urine in the litter box , this means they are not drinking the water not moving in the bowl . I 'm not thrilled with the design , it is hard to keep clean . We have calcium build up , I use bleach 2x a month to sanitize the fountain . Buying another unit means I can have one clean on stand by to swap out.BUT ! My cats drink more water with the fountain . I have to maintain it , but for me this means less vet bills and my furr babies health . This to me means more than the maintenance which is still less than a bowl of non-running water .
 This is the best pet fountain on the market . The problem initially was cleaning it ... but now with the brush cleaning kit those days are over . I cleaned it and had it up and running again in nothing flat . All through !! My cats and my dog love drinking from it and I love knowing they have clean fresh water.The ONLY suggestion I could make for improvement is to add a `` snap '' to the lid . My animals like to open it then the dog will take off with it and try to chew it up . I just put scotch tape over the edge on both sides to keep them out of it.I HIGHLY recommend this product !
 After a couple of trips to the vet and one 3-day hospital stay for my male cat -LRB- catheterized after a blockage was cleared -RRB- , I had to do something . One more of those episodes and surgery would have been the next option . He had no kidney stones , so the cause of his urinary tract problems seemed as simple as too little water . -LRB- I had n't yet included enough canned food into his diet either , but have since . -RRB- He LOVES this water fountain ! I had no idea he would actually play in the water stream since he 'd never been interested in sinks or faucets before . It 's been well over a year and we have n't had any more urinary tract problems and he has another toy too ! The burden of cleaning the fountain every couple of weeks is a small price to pay for my kitty 's improved health ! -LRB- And I have n't had a single problem with the unit itself . -RRB-
 Just bought this fountain for my cats . They LOVE it . I LOVE it because I bought the extra reservoir attachment . No more constant filling up a water bowl . I had a different electronic fountain that did not include an added capacity reservoir and along with having to fill it often , it was a little annoying to clean . This one 's a breeze . A little noisy at first , but worth it . You become immune to the sound of running water after a while .
 What a wonderful tool to get cats to drink water . My new kitten drinks more water than I have ever seen a cat drink . There is a constant flow of running water , and the sound of the water is enjoyable for us humans too . I have n't had any problems with it , the motor is n't loud at all . I did splurge and buy the extra water holder , and it works like a dream . Two paws way up !
 We got this for our 2 cats about a month ago . So far we are very pleased . It is just a wee bit more noisy than we would like , but it 's no more annoying than your frig running . We 've had small outdoor fountains and have learned that with these small water pumps , you 're just not going to get silent running , and it is crucial to keep them filled with water as these little motors will burn up quickly if run dry . Both cats took to the fountain , despite the pumping noise , quickly . The elderly cat no longer yowls at the bathroom sink for running water , and her health concerns due to dehydration are diminished . We would recommend this product . Oh - I was especially concerned about our wood floors , but there is absolutely NO splashout . It 's a good design .
 I could never get my cats to drink out of their bowl . Bathtubs , sinks and even toilets are OK , but bowls are icky . It did n't matter what the bowl was made of . My cats are getting older , and one suffers from dehydration , so I decided to try the drinkwell fountain . The first few days one of them was afraid of it , but since then I have seen all three using it . And it seems to keep the water from getting stale , since I 've seen them using it later in the week.I recommend getting the refill bottle . With three cats and the refill bottle , a fill lasts one week . The refill bottle is also very convenient for filling the fountain in the first place . -LRB- The refill bottle comes in two sizes , 50 and 70 oz . I bought the 50 oz . -RRB- I usually refill the fountain every week and clean it according to the instructions every other week . Cleaning takes about 10 minutes . I bought the cleaning kit as well . The cleaning kit comes with three brushes . The large brush is unnecessary , a sponge works better . But there are some small tubes that the small and medium brushes work well with . Unlike other reviewers , I have no problems with cat hair -LRB- and it 's about the only place in my house where I do n't . -RRB- The fountain does make some noise . You can control the volume by adjusting the flow rate . And it is n't all that loud , I can hear it in my kitchen , but not in the rest of the house .
 In my experience this is a very good drinking fountain for cats . The cat I was taking care of simply could not `` see '' a standing bowel of water . There had to be movement , i.e. water falling out of a faucet . Other pet drinking fountains produce a trickle with very little movement so the cat would not drink from them . The Drinkwell Fountain produces a nice stream of falling water -LRB- that you can vary -RRB- and on the whole it works ; the cat will drink from the fountain -LRB- usually ! -RRB- . I recommend buying the extra capacity tank.Unfortunately I can not visit this cat more than once a week and the fountain , over time , was not properly maintained by the cat 's owner . Clogging and finally motor burnout occurred . But I am buying a new one - it is not terribly expensive , and this cat needs to keep hydrated . If you take care of the fountain as instructed and do not neglect it it should , however , last a long time .
 I was tired of my cat bugging me to turn the water on in the tub , so purchased the Drinkwell Fountain and she seems to have forgotten about the faucet!Noise is low and I just clean and replace the water once a week
 We bought one of these about seven years ago , and the pump starting making a lot of noise just recently , so we bought another one . It does take some effort to clean , but it is not that bad . We have four animals - dogs and cats - and they all drink from the stream . We bought the extra reserve tank , which we did not have to replace for the new one . Would recommend it .
 it has been going strong for 2 years , today , i just realized you can take it apart to clean it , it was so dirty !!! now it 's running great . buy it , and clean it once a while -LRB- every two weeks according to the manufacture -RRB- .
 I bought the Drinkwell Origional Pet Fountain because I had made the mistake of letting my 5 year old cat Lucy drink from the bathroom faucet for the first time . She loved it ! ... but unfortunantly refused to drink water from a bowl from that point on . After I realized that I did n't need to fill up her water bowl as frequently I stopped turning on the faucet for her to play in , but she still was n't drinking from her bowl . I was concerned that she would get dehydrated and turned the water on again in the bathroom . Unfortunantly , my husband and I both work full time and there were large amounts of time when we were not home to turn on the water for her . So we thought this might be a better solution . The shipping was quick , we got it before Amazon predicted we would . Once we set it up and turned it on Lucy was afraid of it . But I stopped turning on the bathroom faucet again and within a day she was attracted to the sound of the water falling . she loves it ! she drinks soo much more water and I dont have to be worried about her not drinking when I am at work . The motor noise can be a little bit loud if you have the flow valve set to the lowest setting , but if you have it on all the way all you can hear is the water . Overall I do n't think the motor noise is enough to rate it down . It does n't bother Lucy , so it does n't bother me ! We have had it for about a week . It seems sturdy . I dont understand where it could leak from as I have read in other reviews . the bowl is a solid peice of plastic so I ca n't really see it leaking . . but will update if it does later .
 This product is great . My cats used to jump in the sink whenever I walked in the kitchen or bathroom and expect me to turn on the faucet , which I obliged . But this fountain mesmerizes them and they drink lots of water . My first one just died , after 5 + years ... not bad . I 've had far more expensive machines last far less . I tried one of the new ones ... no good . It was much harder to clean and fill . This one is just lift the top and add water , or just pour it directly into the bowl . I clean mine once per week and that seems just fine , it would depend on how dusty your home is and how furry your cat is . I also like the sound of the lightly bubbling water .
 I bought the Original Drinkwell fountain about 9 or 10 years ago in hopes my cat would drink more water . Actually , I bought the PetMate drinking fountain first because it was cheaper than the Drinkwell and I figured they were basically the same . NO , they are not ! As another reviewer mentioned , the water stream in the PetMate just runs down the front of the unit and does not provide an actual * fountain * so it 's essentially a really expensive water bowl that happens to have water sliding into it . My cat did n't drink any more water than he usually did so I donated the PetMate to my mom and purchased the Drinkwell Original.It was hands down the best pet purchase ever . I noticed immediately that my cat loved the fountain and started drinking a lot more water . The first fountain lasted about 2 years and would have lasted longer had I realized you could take it apart -LRB- yeah , I know , I should have read the instructions in better detail -RRB- . It just stopped working one day and I figured the motor died so I tossed it and immediately bought another one . This time I read the instructions in better detail and realized all I should have done before was take the thing apart and clean it fully -LRB- rather than clean the unit as a whole -RRB- . It would have lasted me years longer . The second unit lasted 6 + years and died today . I made sure and cleaned it thoroughly just in case . I 'm ordering the Platinum version this time -LRB- just to try it out -RRB- but wanted to give a review for the Original since it 's done such a great job all these years.PROS : * My cat and dog love drinking water from this fountain , so much so that if they stay with anyone else it 's hard to get them to drink from a stagnant water dish unless they are really , really thirsty . I 've noticed that when other dogs come over to visit they drink substantially more water than they do in their own homes , forcing their owners to buy a fountain , too . :-RRB- * It 's quiet and easy to refill . I travel a lot so I ended up buying the additional reservoir since pet sitters would forget to refill the bowl , thus aiding in the burning out of the motor when the water level got too low . * It 's easy to take apart and put back together to cleanCONS : * It 's not the most fun to clean , however . As another reviewer mentioned , there are some weird nooks and crannies that do n't seem to be necessary for the product to work but make it hard to clean when you get cat hair and slimy goo inside the unit . It only takes about 10 minutes to clean but you DO NEED either the cleaning kit or a bottle brush . I bought a fish tank brush since my local pet store did n't carry the cleaning kit and it works fine , although I could use a smaller , thinner brush for the harder-to-reach areas.That 's the only ` con ' I can think of . It 's really a fantastic product for both dogs and cats . I highly , highly recommend it .
 I bought this product for my cat about a month ago . My cat would always try to drink from the sink every time it was turned on , but I never saw him drink from his water bowl . This concerned me because I thought he was not drinking enough water . I thought if I could find something that would have free flowing water like a sink , he might drink from it . I then searched in pet stores & online for something like this . The stores were way too expensive so when I finally found the drinkwell online , I bought it . It was a good price & had free shipping . Soon after I had the drinkwell set up , my cat began to drink from it . Although he will occasionally try to drink from the sink , he absolutely loves his drinkwell ! This product has been wonderful !
 I love my Drinkwell Pet Fountain . My cat never tries to drink from the faucet now that we have this , and he drinks much more than he used to . I have a dog now too and he also loves the fountain . When we just had the cat I had to refill it about every four to five days , and clean in every two weeks or so . Now that both the dog , and the cat are using it I got the 70oz . reservoir . My dog is 16lbs . and I now have to refill it every three to four days and clean it once a week . My dog gets hair and dirt and strange things in the water that my cat never did . This brings up the reason I gave four instead of five stars.Cleaning the fountain is a hassle . You can reuse the filters for a few times by running them under the tap water until it drains clean , which is helpful . But the process of cleaning the fountain itself is a pain . I have n't bought the special cleaning accessories , but I 've seen them and do n't think they would be of much help . I 've found the easiest way of cleaning is to dissasemble the fountain and rinse in hot water . Then mix a sink full of 2 parts water to 1 part distilled vinegar and let soak for about 10 minutes . Another rinse through hot water and most of it is clean except the very bottom of the filter well and the very bottom of this thin cylinder well . Cleaning the filter well is relatively easy , get a dish rag or a sturdy paper towel and you should be able to wipe out the crud that builds up . Cleaning the thin cylinder well is a serious pain . I get a dull or unsharpened pencil and push a sturdy paper towel through and twist to get the bottom clean . A pipe cleaner would clean the sides , but I have n't seen one with enough bristles on the bottom to get the crud that builds up in this little well.Despite how annoying this is , I maintain two fish tanks and cleaning this fountain is a breeze compared to tank maintenance . I just wish the design had n't included this little cylinder well since it does n't seem to have a purpose and is a pain to keep clean.Over all a good product with potential to hold more water than it comes with . I strongly recommend if you have cats and small to toy sized dogs.My mom got the Petco brand pet fountain for her cat and it seems to be easier to clean , but there is no reservoir that fits it so it only holds enough for one or two cats or toy breed dogs . A major negative for anyone with thirsty small dogs .
 We have the Original Drinkwell Fountain - purchased about 10 years ago . As with any product , if you maintain it it will run properly for a good while . I clean it every three weeks , I rinse the filters in between and replace them every three months , we always ensure that there is ample water - to above the intake , and we do not run the Fountain constantly . When the cats express an interest , we plug it in . -LRB- Yes , we are trained ! -RRB- They love it , we love that they love it . We still keep a water bowl near their food , but more often than not they come to the bathroom to drink from the Fountain . I would recommend this to anyone with cats .
 We 've had our Drinkwell for 3 years and I 've just ordered a new one to replace it.My biggest complaint is that it is difficult to clean . Nooks and crannies abound and pipe cleaners , tooth brushes , and toothpicks are ineffective at removing the gunk that collects . Likewise , the dishwasher is does n't do the job either . -LRB- Then again , my dishwasher sucks . -RRB- I live in an area with hard water and the mineral build up on the plastic and in the motor is significant and difficult to remove . I 've resorted to soaking the parts in vinegar , which has led to near full scale failure , necessitating a replacement . Full strength vinegar will eat the rubber seal on the motor , corrode the paddle wheel spindle and pit the plastic . I see that they now offer a cleaning kit -LRB- which I also ordered . -RRB- It figures that instead of simplifying the design to make it easier to clean , they designed an additional tool -LRB- and purchase -RRB- to fix the shortcoming . Also available are filters , which I had n't used with my first machine . I bought some of those as well to try . I had been filling my fountain with Brita filtered water , but cat hair and minerals were still a persistent problem . The machine needs to be cleaned frequently which , I must admit , I was not vigilant about.Having said that , I still like the product . My cats drink frequently and always from the fountain , instead of their previous favorite , the toilet bowl . That alone is worth the price ! I 'll endeavor to take better care of this second one ; with frequent thorough cleanings I expect it to last longer than the 3 years of abuse my first one took . If your water has minerals of any kind - make the investment - buy the cleaning kit , and schedule thorough cleanings !
 Our cat loves the running water . Even the sound calls her to take a drink . This is the second one we have owned . The old one wore out . The only thing I do n't like is the difficulty getting the motor unit out to clean . Even with the finger slot it 's a little tough to turn .
 I am very pleased with the Drinkwell pet fountain . Its construction is far superior to that of the Petmate product which I used for a couple of years . While the Drinkwell fountain seems to be a bit louder , it does not leak like the Petmate fountain . The pieces fit together firmly and easily . The Petmate had to be very precisely lined up and was very difficult to disassemble and reassemble correctly . Not so with Drinkwell -- it is easy to disassemble , save for one part -- and this is my ONLY criticism
 We recieved the package in just over a week . We are very pleased with our purchase and so are our 6 cats . It took a few days for them to get used to it but now they love it .
 We have two cats , both pretty shaggy . They really dig this thing , and they drink a lot from it which is good for their kidney health . We got the extended reservoir as well , so we only need to fill it every couple days and they always have a full water dish . So far so good . = Cleaning ! = Be **** sure you clean this thing regularly ! - We clean it about once a week more or less . We got lazy and went about two weeks once , and the works got totally gummed up with hair , cat food , and other unidentified skooze . - You 'll probably want a toothbrush dedicated to this task , and mild soap . We also found pipe cleaners to be helpful . - Pulling the motor out is seriously tough
 This is awesome ! My cats drink double the water now . My suggestion , if you have multiple cats , make sure and get the 75oz container as you will need it with all the extra water your cats will drink . I did n't like the aqua garden b/c the cats constantly pull it out of the water and make messes in the floor , so I do n't recommend getting the aqua garden . Other than that , we are perfectly content .
 This fountain does exactly what it says it will . I ordered the Drinkwell fountain at the same time as the Petmate fountain . I foster cats/kittens and wanted to see if either was better . I believe they are comparable . The Petmate one has removable backup reservoir -LRB- hold more slightly more water -RRB- , where the Drinkwell has a built-in area that holds a bit of extra water -LRB- easier to clean -RRB- . The Drinkwell creates the water flowing sound , where the Petmate is virtually silent . Cats preferences are individual , some like the sound , some do n't . I 'm happy with the fountain .
 I bought this because my cats are both male and I 've heard they can develop urinary problems if they do n't drink enough water . Well , they 're definitely drinking more now that I have the Drinkwell ! They love it ! The waterfall fascinates them and one of my kitties keeps sticking his paw under it . The only reason I 'm giving them four stars instead of five is the placement of the dial that controls the water flow . It 's in the `` dish '' part of the bowl ... Well , one of my enterprising kitty boys has discovered it and keeps moving the dial to the highest setting . It seems to me they could have made it a little less cat accessible !
 I love the idea of always having fresh cool water for my cats . With the water constantly circulating , it stays fresh . My cats also love the waterfall effect because it is much like drinking out of the faucet which they love . -LRB- I just wish the grass lasted longer and was more securely fastened to the water bowl . My cat kept pulling it off . I had to tape it down finally -RRB- .
 My cats absolutely love this fountain . It works great , and takes very little to keep clean . The resovoir is a must though .
 When I plug the Drinkwell in my cats go right to it . They drink from the stream when they have the chance , instead of from the bowl . Cats definitely drink more because of the flowing water . It makes a great tranquil noise for added ambiance in your room , too .
 I do like the Drinkwell Fountian and my cat has finally overcome his fear of it and will drink out of it . I just cleaned it by taking it all apart -LRB- see the instructions which come with the fountian or download them online -RRB- and that was easier than I thought it would be.The only downside I could see anyone having a problem with is that this fountian is NOISY ! Even when completely full , the pouring water sounds like a mini waterfall . -LRB- The motor does not make much noise , just the falling water -RRB- . Once you get used to the noise , it is soothing , and a lot of people have those desk top waterfalls anyway , so it really is the same thing . We live in a two-bedroom condo and can hear the fountian most everywhere in the house .
 Three out of my four cats really like this . They drink more water now which is terrific . One of my cats seems a little scared of the circulating water -LRB- and yet she likes to go to the faucet tap and drink -RRB- . Getting 3 out of 4 cats to like something is 5 star success !
 Very nice product . My cat took to it right away . Does not have an excessive amount of pieces in its makeup , like other pet fountains.The falling stream of water is better than other pet fountains where the water slides down a ramp . Have n't cleaned it yet , but it seems to stay relatively clean . Would recommend this product .
 The moment I set up this fountain my pets knew what to do!The fountain is quiet most of the time and you will hear a little buzzing noise if the water starts to get low . My cats are drinking more . I think it was an excellent investment .
 Our cat was constantly on the bathroom sink , meowing for water . He refused to drink from his dish . He almost immediately started drinking from the fountain , and looks on protectively when it needs to be cleaned -- for which it has to be fully disassembled . He loves his fountain , and has not returned to the sink . Definitely worth the time and money .
 Bought this for my son 's 8 month old kitten ... My two 12 year old furry girls had their own and when he came over to visit he just could n't get enough . So I had to get him his own . . And now he enjoys his own at home and my son loves it because his kittie always has fresh water and the fountain is very easy to clean .
 I 've had this fountain for over a year . So far , it 's been working fine and my dog and cat like it . There is some vibration noise that kept the cat away from it the first few days . The noise is about the same vibration noise you would get from a cell phone if it was under a pillow or maybe an electric toothbrush . When the water level goes down it makes louder noises as the pump is struggling to get water up the pipe . The sound is like turning on a faucet that has n't been used for a while or water draining , I see it as an alarm to remind me to add more water . I replace the filter once a month -LRB- ~ $ 8 for a pack of three -RRB- . Make sure to wash the bowl once a week so keep the water stains and stuff from growing . I 've seen other bowls that claim to be quitter but for the price , I would still go for this one .
 My kitten and my dog love this waterer . My former cat -LRB- deceased -RRB- played in it constantly . This is my third one of these . They seem to last about a little over a year and then you need a new one as your pets miss it dreadfully . I also have the extras that can be purchased to provide additional water storage .
 this is a great pet fountian ! it works well , its easy to clean , and its quiet . despite recommendations from a friend , i tried to save money on the first fountain -LRB- petmate -RRB- i bought and that thing was awful - forget the rest , stick with the best .
 This definitely beats the alternative , but I have some gripes about it . The unit clogs easily , it needs frequent cleaning , and is a pain to clean . Having one of these is incredibly convenient though , so if it were any less I would give it 3 stars.I have n't tried other fountains so I 'm unsure if others would be an improvement .
 Cats are very susceptible to urinary tract disease . The Drinkwell 's spouting water flow is attracting my cats to drink more often , the filtering system keeps the water free of pet hair , and the carbon filter keeps the water clean longer . Ample water intake is especially important with a primarily dry food diet . Cats are also prone to serious gum disease . If plaque or tartar develops , there 's an environment for bacterial growth under the gum line . Drinkwell recommends the unit be rinsed weekly with hot water and washed with soap and water every 2 weeks . The filter should be changed every 6 to 8 weeks -LRB- sooner for dogs -RRB- . My cats have developed urinary tract and gum problems since their arduous Katrina survivals . A few of my cats did not make it because of dehydration and heat . The fountain is helping ensure my cats always have fresh water , and that feels really good . I change the water daily , rinsing the bowl and reservoir with hot water . I wash with soap and water weekly . I read many reviews before buying 2 units . None reported malfunction -LRB- except when it ran dry -RRB- . There were complaints about extra work required for disassembling to fill and clean . FYI , disassembling consists of lifting the reservoir lid and sliding out the charcoal filter . The extra 70 oz . reservoir sits on a separate base and its water opening rests in a slot at the rear of the main unit .
 I have had many `` fountains '' for my 2 himalayans , but this is by far the best . Their long hair never gets stuck or clogged in anything . They are not afraid of the noise and love to drink from the dropping water . Both cats are very suspect of anything new to them , but they loved this within the first day , and I love it too ! I only have to fill up the extra resevoir every 3 days ! Great product - great price - could n't be happier !
 I am so glad that I bought this fountain . My four cats liked it from the start . They like drinking from the flowing water the most . I definitely recommend that you buy the extra water container attachment and you wo n't have to add water as often . The fountain and attachment is money well spent ...
 This was worth the money . It is not hard to clean , but I recommend buying the brush set for cleaning ! Not only do my cats loves the Drinkwell fountain , but my dogs love it as well !!! Kill two birds with one stone ! I have the extra reservoir , and it is wonderful !
 My catties drink more water and love the flowing water so they get entertainment , too . I wish I 'd sprung for the cleaning kit and extra filters at the time I first purchased the machine because trust me , you 'll need them.I had NO luck with the added capacity attachment -- it ended up in the trash . But the cleaning kit is soooooo important . I find I have to take the entire thing apart about once a month and scrub it down , every little inch with those teeny brushes . Then change the filter . Everyone is happy.About `` the noise '' that other reviewers have mentioned , that means `` ADD WATER . '' For my two cats , that means about every other day.I do n't look at this product as a boon for me as I have to clean it and check it -- however ----- the cats like it , it improves their quality of life and that 's what matters to me in this case . This is a wonderful gift to felines and a great gift to give the cat-lover in your life . Just make sure you go ahead and get the cleaning kit and replacement filters at the same time so you do n't have to bother with them down the road . I now buy a year 's supply of filters at a time .
 UPDATE 19Dec2012
 We bought this from the advice of our vet , and the cats adore it . They drink much more water , stay well hydrated , and are just in better health . The instructions are clear and the product works very well . Fantastic price for a sturdy water fountain . The instructions do advice bi-weekly cleaning for the motor , and that is an accurate suggestion . If cleaning is not completed for longer lengths of time , the motor may be damaged , but they instructions are very clear about this facet . Again , fantastic product for anyone wanting to improve quality of life and overall health for their pets .
 My cat very much enjoyed this water fountain and it was the perfect way to keep her from drinking from the sink and toilet . The fact that you can adjust the stream is perfect for timid cats ! You can create a smaller , slower stream allowing a smaller cat to feel comfortable drinking from it . I recommend this product to people with smaller pets that tend to try and drink from sinks and toilets . Great product !
 Recommended by my local Vet for one of my cats that had started for form a bladder stone . Vet said that cats will drink more water daily if it recirculated and filtered . He was right . My cats took to it right away , after a short time of getting used to the new sound of the pump . Very easy to keep clean , comes apart easily to get to the pump and filters . Next checkup at the vet , and the bladder stone had almost disolved . -LRB- Special diet and lots more water -RRB-
 All 3 of our house cats grew up with a Drinkwell . They do not understand what a bowl of still water is about . They will drink out of their human 's water glass if that is all that is available . After our 10 year old fountain finally started to leak I jumped on line and ordered another . It was here before any cats were lost to dehydration . Seriously , the Drinkwell keeps them well hydrated . It ended kidney stone problems in an older cat because he would drink more water . It is easy enough to clean especially if you use a large set of off-set pliers to gently turn the motor to remove it . I put the whole thing , minus the motor , in the dishwasher top shelf every 2 weeks or so . I hope the new one lasts 10 years , too .
 I purchased this one with the extended spout because I liked the flow better than the one I previously owned . I was correct , the design of this one keeps the water flowing much better . It is less inclined to get clogged from dirt and pet hair .
 I bought this Drinkwell cat fountain at pet smart yesterday for $ 39.99 -LRB- on sale , down from $ 49.99 -RRB- so the price here is very reasonable . I am giving it 4 stars simply because the idea is fantastic . The product itself , well , it does the job , after a lot of struggling with complicated instructions about what order to do what ... also , the maintenance required is more frequent than I expected . The instructions insist you must clean the fountain and pump WEEKLY to avoid clogs and reduce noise made by the fountain . Also , you must change the filter every 4-6 weeks . On the bright side , both my cats appear to be drinking more water . Neither cat has ever tried to drink from the faucet , so I was concerned that they would not be impressed by a little waterfall , but they both seem to be attracted to it and are definitely drinking more water than usual . It also is saving me some money , as I was giving them bottled spring water before . Now I feel comfortable that they are getting filtered water that is also oxygenated . So , in conclusion , if you have a knack for putting things together despite complicated instructions , and want to enrich your cat 's quality of life , definitely buy this fountain .
 I have two long hair chihuahuas and bought the Drinkwell Pet Fountain for them . For about the 1st 2 days , they were a little skittish of the fountain part but would still drink from the bowl portion . After that , they conquered their fears and began to drink straight from the fountain . Now they drink from either . The water reservoir is large and holds enough to get 2 small long haired dogs through a HOT East Texas summer for a week -LRB- indoors -RRB- . The motor is quiet and the sound of the water stream can be manipulated based on the rate of water flow . I feel good that I am giving my pets mostly filtered , circulated cool water . The only negative thing I have to say about this fountain is that the water reservoir is an odd shape that is not capable of sitting upright for filling or cleaning . You must hold the reservoir while it is filling , then tip it over into it 's place at the rear of the fountain . The tipping part can be messy sometimes . The dogs love it . I love it . It is a hit !
 The drinkwell fountain did not work , it completely leaked onto my hardwood floors . The company I got this from was wonderful ... . Probably the best customer serviced I 've received in a very long time . They responded probably 2 minutes after I complained and took care of everything . They sent me a brand new one in the mail shortly after I received the defective one and I have n't had any problems with the new one ! I already have one that I 've had for years so highly recommend these . So even though the first was defective , I highly recommend the item !
 The Drinkwell works fine as expected . Easy to clean and maintain and the replacement filters are affordable . My kitten took to it immediately even though she never used a fountain before . I would give it 5 stars but the pump does buzz loud . But its not any louder than my fan which is constantly running . Not perfect but a good product .
 Just what we needed to keep the cat off of the kitchen counters -LRB- most of the time -RRB- . The motor gets a bit loud when the water level decreases , but at least it 's a reminder to fill it up . My husband wanted to buy this for months before I finally gave in and I 'm glad I did . Watching kitty drink is quite fun and relaxing too .
 Very pleased with this product . Very easy to use , it works well , my cats seem to like it . The motor , however , is a little loud . Certainly we have gotten used to it , but if you like real quiet , this will bug you .
 Yep , my cat is neurotic . I bought this for my cat because she would jump on any sink when I turned on the water . I could n't even brush my teeth without her licking the faucet , -LRB- YUK ! -RRB- , she had to drink from `` running water '' , and lick the faucet after I turned it off . That 's disgusting !!!!!! This great invention immediately stopped her bad behavior . Now she drinks more water than I do , and I do n't have that constant battle for the faucets . she no longer gets on the counters , and that was an immediate change in her behavior.I would have given this five stars , but it 's kind of hard to clean , to remove the little motor is very difficult . If you buy one of these , always put some plumbers grease on the O ring of the motor , so it wo n't be impossible to remove next time . It should be cleaned once a week , for one cat , more often for two . Honestly , I will buy another one when this one quits , it 's worth every penny.I had a problem with the first one leaking , so I sent it back to the company , and the second one was noisy , so they sent me a third one . they paid all the postage.Great product , great company . Highly recommend , my cat and I are very pleased . .
 This is a nice product with one tiny exception . It is a bit , not much , loud . However , for a few dollars when you order , also order SensorPlug Motion Sensor Outlet Plug . Put this on an extension cord not too far from the fountian . When the beast is thirsty he goes to get a drink and it turns on . When finished , it times out and turns off . Perfect.Took the cat a couple of days to warm up to this but now he drinks often and we do n't have to listen to this thing running all night . Very pleased with the entire system .
 This replaced same item which had the problem of motor being impossible to remove for cleaning . So far the replacement is OK .
 Note
 My cat was a `` sink drinker '' . By that I mean she would only drink out of the faucet from the sink . Drinkwell has saved my life ! Now my kitty is n't thirsty all day waiting for me to come home from work to turn on the bathroom faucet . It took her a while to `` warm up '' to the idea of drinking out of the dish , but now it is not a problem . Cleaning is not too bad either . It takes maybe 5-7 minutes at the most and is well worth the time . The cleaning brush makes it a lot easier to clean . I tried 2 other less expensive fountains before I got to this one , and my cat would n't drink out of either one . You wo n't regret spending a little bit more for this one , it is well worth the money .
 I 'm liking this fountain a lot because my 20 year old CRF kitty needs to drink water and she 's so finicky at this point she wo n't touch water that has been sitting in the bowl . When she tried to jump up to her favorite faucet and fell I knew she was just too old to make it to the faucet anymore . So after her initial confusion she loves her new fountain and will sit there and drink and drink . The two most common complaints about this fountain are A -RRB- the running water is too noisy and B -RRB- cleaning is annoying and the fountains break down after a long period of use . As to A I have the flow knob turned to the lowest setting and it does n't really annoy me but I 'm a person who does n't mind things like background noise , wind chimes and water fountains . If ambient noise bothers you plan on having a spot out of earshot -LRB- two rooms away -RRB- and far away from the litterbox -LRB- cats will not eat or drink near their bathroom -RRB- . As to B I do n't expect anything plastic that costs $ 30 to last forever . I plan on following the once weekly cleaning instructions -LRB- though I 'm going to use pipecleaners and vinegar because the cleaning kit seems like a ripoff -RRB- . If you have a young animal who drinks from their water dish and faucets just fine then the price and the once weekly cleaning might not be worth it . If you have an elderly animal or one with constipation or CRF then the money and trouble are totally worth it to get them to drink more . There are few things cats love more than fresh , running water from a faucet . I 'm not planning to leave my cat when I travel but according to the instructions the motor can burn out if it runs empty and it should be continuously refilled for best operation so I 'm not sure the fountain is a good water source if you plan to leave it running for several days while traveling especially if you live in a hot environment where it will evaporate quickly . According to the instructions the filter is not necessary for normal operation so it 's up to you if you want to replace them . Cleaning the machine regularly and using fresh water should be fine if you do n't .
 Rinsed it out , installed the charcoal filter , added water and turned it on . Just that simple . The water stays fresh longer and I see my cat drinking more which is great to prevent urinary tract problems . Well worth the money . An awesome product !
 My cat hates drinking out of bowl , he would rather drink from faucet . I bought the Drinkwell fountain and he loves it . When I turn it off , he lays there till I plug it back in . Would recommend this for all cats .
 The cat loves this . She used to demand the faucet be left on in the bathroom so she could drink that water , so this is why I bought this . Works great and I like the filter , now I know she is getting fresh water and is drinking a lot more than she used to .
 The Drinkwell Pet Fountain is fantastic . My cats love to drink the constant flow of water from the spout . And I like not having to change their water every day . The fountain is simple to clean -LRB- takes me about 5 minutes -RRB- . I have not needed the extra reservoir because I just add a cup of fresh water to the bowl each day . Otherwise I can see that it would be useful to purchase the extra reservoir . I highly recommend this product . -- Rebecca
 I have four cats , two young ones , a diabetic , and an old one who was always very finicky with his water . This fountain is great for all . My old cat loves the fact that the water is in motion and drinks right from the waterfall . It 's very easy to clean , the first time you do it you have to read the directions to make sure you know how it all fits together . You should at least clean it good once a week , be sure to get the hair out that 's stuck on the knob and clean with soap . The filters are easy to put in , but they 're not really necessary if you keep the water fresh . Overall , it was a great purchase .
 Im just a kid only 12 44 dollars is alot of money to me and i had to work for my neighbor a good 4 days to earn it.After i got the money i bought this for my cat my cat loves it.but whenever it clogs I HAVE TO FIX IT . really anoying when im playing video games takes about 5 minutes to fix.I have gotten used to fixing it so im fine with it just takes 2 months to get used to fixing it.Don ' t buy this if your some rich slob that does n't know how to fix things
 I am are very happy with it and can only recommend it .
 I have been using the fountain for about two months now ... I bought this product originally to help stop my one cat from trying to drink from the tub faucet and to stay out of the sinks . She slips up and goes back to her old ways sometimes , but it really did help . And , I think it encourages my oldest to drink more , which is good for kidney function . Our three new kittens love it and all 5 of our cats have their favorite ways to drink from it.The one drawback to me , which I knew before I bought it , was the nooks and crannies that are harder to clean than the rest of the fountain . Harder , but not impossible . Another thing , which others have mentioned , is that is can be noisy . I have noticed that if I fill it to capacity and then plug it in , let it run a few seconds and then unplug and replug it is quieter.Overall though - this is one of the best things I have purchased for my cats !
 Have had this fountain for several months now and feel compelled to let the world know that is a great quality pet fountain for the money . It 's quiet , has a nice even flow , and most importantly is incredibly easy to THOROUGHLY clean . Had a fountain from another maker , which , in addition to being very noisy , died after a year . I suspect it short life was because I could n't sufficiently clean the impeller area . With the Drinkwell , you can break the fountain down and remove the motor and wash everything . Oh yeah , and the cats like it too .
 My four cats have been using this pet fountain for almost a year and a half now . One of them took to it without even a pause , the other three needed a day or two to get over the sound of the running water . Now they all love it -- they drink more frequently from it than they did from the non-circulating waterer they had previously . I only feed them dry food currently , so I worry less now that I know they 're getting plenty of water.There is some algae build-up that accumulates between cleanings , but any water dish will experience that . Pet hair also collects around the intake , but it 's not too hard to remove . I clean the fountain every 1-2 weeks with soap and a soft , flexible sponge . This really only takes about 10 minutes , and while it is trickier to clean than your regular food bowl , I do not find it to be inconvenient . About once every month or two I fill the bowl and the reservoir with diluted bleach and let it sit for half an hour , then scrub it with a sponge and rinse it thoroughly . This seems to slow the algae growth , plus the bleach kills what I ca n't reach with the sponge -LRB- I have not invested in the cleaning kit , instead use a rolled up paper towel and old toothbrush when I 'm feeling particularly productive -RRB- . I have not tried running it through the dishwasher , frankly because I was n't aware that was an option until I watched the product video today . I have not experienced any staining of the plastic.The pump does start to dry-fire when the water level gets low , but that is avoided by topping the water off daily . Without constantly re-filling it , the four cats could probably drain it in 3-4 days -LRB- though the pump would start sputtering long before that happened -RRB- . My 80-pound dog can drain it in 5 minutes if he figures out how to get to it , so this particular fountain is definitely not big-pet friendly.I tossed the original carbon filter it came with after two months -LRB- it got very hairy and slimy -RRB- and did n't purchase the filter refills . I have not noticed much of a difference in water clarity without the filter , though I do fill the fountain with water from my Brita filter -LRB- the cats seem to like the taste -RRB- . I keep the fountain under a table , and guests never notice it 's there unless they tune in to the sound of the water -LRB- this sound can be kept to a minimum by reducing the flow -RRB- . The running water does not splash outside the bowl , and the fountain has not leaked in the year and a half that I have owned it .
 This is the second Drinkwell fountain I have owned . My only suggestion is that you NEVER let the water level get too low . That is how you burn out the motor and it gets really loud when that happens . It is a very good fountain and my cats LOVE it ! Some of them like to drink from the faucet in my bathroom , so this is like a faucet and they like that .
 I put off buying this for a few years but last time it went on sale i finally got one . My cats definitely drink more water from this than the plain old water bowl . Now I ca n't imagine even putting that old bowl back out because the running water seems SO much fresher . I even put ice cubes in the tray when it is low because they seem to like the cold water !
 The product works exactly how they say it will work . My cats took to it right away and were drinking out of the faucet part within a couple of weeks . My dogs also love it , they are small so they do not drink much water . I found that with a bowl I was filling it everyday and it would get disgusting . This fountain usually only needs water every couple of days and it stays clean.I would suggest that you put this fountain on carpet or a towel , the pump does vibrate and if it is on something hard it could get loud.About 3 months into owning this fountain the pump started making a lot of noise , I am not sure what happened but it seems that it was not working properly . I contacted the company and within a day I got an email within a day and the situation has already been resolved and they are sending out a new pump . It is incredibly refreshing to find an American company and they have incredible customer service . I highly recomend this product .
 Excellent product , our cat was having urinary problems until we purchased the Drinkwell fountain , now he drinking more and his problem has cleared up .
 Our cats were starting to knock their water dish over and were drinkling from the sink/toilet a lot . This fixed that . They love it , even lay in front of it and watch it . Easy maintenance , fairly quiet operation . Far better than another brand I tried a few years ago .
 This was exactly what I was looking for to try and get my cat out of the bathroom sink . Unfortunately , my cat still likes the sink but he does enjoy the drinkwell bowl as well . This was easy to setup and keep clean . It is a little loud -LRB- sounds like it 's raining outside on the quiet night -RRB- but some people may enjoy the sound . I would not get the large water bottle attachment since you should clean the bowl often anyway . Overall a good product for the price .
 Our cats just love this . Our cats used to rush the tub as soon as the shower turned off . They loved the water that dripped from the faucet as the shower head released . With this gizmo they have the same effect all the time . We also purchased the 50 oz reservoir after a couple weeks .
 Drinkwell Pet FountainI could not be more thrilled with a product for my cats than this fountain , which not only attracts and entertains them , but has also tripled their water consumption , which cat owners know is essential for the health of their urinary tract . The motor is extremely quiet , and the sound of the water is quite soothing ! It is well made , reasonably priced , and attractive . I wish I 'd gotten one years ago !
 My 5 cats loved this product so much , that I bought one for my Mother 's Dog . She loves it as much as my cats do ! My cats now will not drink out of a `` regular '' bowl of water any more ! I also recommend if you have cats to get the grass pod.I also recommend purchasing the cleaning tool for the drinkwell , your pets will love you !
 My cats love drinking out of this fountain . Just make sure you also get the water reservoir attachment or else you 'll be filling up the fountain at least once a day .
 I bought this as a replacement for my previous drinkwell fountain which lasted about 8 years with heavy use and abuse by multiple cats .
 We have used this product for at least four years , and we are on our second one now . The cats -LRB- 13 -RRB- and dogs -LRB- 5 -RRB- love it .
 My cat acted like he was desprate for water all the time . Since getting this fountain he has chilled out about the whole thing . He seems happy he has his own faucet.Not as difficult to clean as thought it would be based on some reviews . Not loud either , just a nice water sound .
 We have 3 cats that love to drink out of the faucet . Since getting the drinkwell fountain , they 're so happy with the constant flow the drinkwell gives them . We have to clean it every couple days because bits of food transfered from the cats sit in thebottom of the bowl ... but we are saving so much water by not having the sink faucet on for 20 minutes a day to keep the cats happy.If you have more then one cat , get the additional resevoir
 This kit is great for felines that feel the need to always drink from the sink and tub , and for those cats that snub the water bowl . My picky cat drinks often now without waiting for me to turn on the tub or sink faucet . My friend 's cats , whom I am watching at the time , also love the Drinkwell.When I went on vacation , I could rest easy know that with the 70oz reservoir there would be enough water for the three cats in case the cat-sitter could n't make it for a day.The brushes are also a great bonus as they make it a snap to clean the Drinkwell.I would recommend this product to any cat or dog owner . Animals love to drink straight from the fountain and they enjoy having fresh water , also .
 This is the perfect water dispenser for cats ! I already have one up on my sink , where one feeding/watering area is , and I 'm buying another set for the floor . I have 5 cats , 3 of them neutered males , and I 've noticed that my cats drink more from running water . Two of my cats are Bengal kittens and Bengals love water ! I feel much more comfortable providing my cats with water in this manner , very similar to drinking from a running tap , because my cats drink more and I think that this cuts down on cystitis , especially in the neutered males . If one has multiple cats , then even the small reservoir is too small , in my opinion , and it has to be filled too often . The charcoal filter even filters out chlorine and other things in tap water that are bad for cats . My Drinkwell has never clogged or given me any trouble .
 I have had the fountain for 3 months and I believe it helps to insure my cat drinks plenty of water . He suffers from kidney problems , so providing him with constant fresh water that mimicks the sink faucet he loved has been awesome . I no longer worry about his water intake . Unlike many reviews that I read stating it was difficult or time consuming to clean , I have had no problems and feel it is actually quite simple . I would definitely recommend this product to other cat owners!Lynn , Michigan
 I was a bit intimidated about buying this product as I thought it would be hard to clean . It 's pretty simple after the first time . I was glad I chose to purchase the cleaning kit as well as the brushes help get into the tight spots that are hard to clean . Overall I 'm happy with this product . The cats took a little time getting used to the noise but are now happy to drink from the running water .
 Great product ! The Drinkwell fountain keeps water fresh , clean , and constantly flowing , all things cats are fond of .
 My cats like to drink from the spigots ... either the tub or the bathroom sink . I was told about this item from a few friends who got it for their cats and decided to purchase it.I read all the other reviews before buying and paid attention to it . Keeping it clean and free of food kibbles/pieces that they drop into it is a must , otherwise it will break the motor.The kids have been very happy . If I have it off and they want a drink , they put their paw on the tower part and meow for me to turn it on . Two paws up ! It 's a winner .
 Excellent Kitty Fountain ! There are some cats in this world that are water cats -LRB- I just found out it 's a certain breed -RRB- and my cat is one of them . Always jumping on the counter to try to get water out of the facet , I wanted that stopped . So I bought this and no more counter jumping ! She loves the sound and the water and it makes her drink more as well.For those people with Renal or Diabetes Kitties , this is a must have -LRB- as long as they already enjoy water sounds -RRB- . However you can make it sound softer with water levels . Keep the hair out of the bowl and clean it every few days -LRB- would you drink out of a cup after a few days of water in it , rushing or not ? -RRB- .
 I use distlled water in a Drinkwell . Made a huge difference in my elderly CRF cat . She went from her kidneys failing back to normal in 6 mos . She 's also on a prescription diet , but my vet and I were amazed at her improvement , which I think is mostly about her improved quality of water . I 'm also glad that I no longer have to leave a dripping faucet , which wastes tap water , costs money and probably is n't all that good for her . Yes , it 's noisy when the water runs low or it 's clogged , so you ca n't leave it running for days at a time , if you are n't around . You have to clean it every week or so , but that 's easy . She likes the falling water sound and seeing the water in the light . We tried a few other brands , but this is the keeper . Highest recommendation .
 My 4 kitties all give it two paws up , especially the younger ones who are fascinated by running water . They do seem to drink more , which is what I was hoping for . I agree with others that the motor is less than perfect . Mine sometimes does n't pump initially , but it 'll work if I unplug it and plug it back in . If the motor is noisy -LRB- we have a tile floor -RRB- it usually helps to unplug it briefly and/or shift its position slightly . I tried a folded towel as someone suggested and it helped but it was one more thing to clean . Speaking of cleaning , I give it a rinse-out once or twice a week and it 's been fine . So although there 's room for improvement I 've been satisfied with it , and my cats certainly are !
 I had asked for this fountain for Christmas 5 years ago and I have been so happy with it . I wanted to let everyone know!As with everything , if it is made of quality and you take care of it , it will last . I have the add on features ; the reservoir and stand . Like it say 's in the manual you must keep water in the reservoir to ensure that the motor will not burn it self out . I have two cats and the water in the reservoir will run out in about 4-5 day 's . If the water runs low you will start to hear the motor running to remind you to add more . My cats love the running water and will drink right from the flowing stream . Cleaning is easy except on one side -LRB- inside -RRB- where it is very narrow but what I do is wrap a paper towel around a spoon or something narrow to get any build up out.I highly recommend this product and I know my kitties do too !! We look forward to many more years of fresh running water in our home .
 My 19 year old cat would no longer drink from his bowl or a cup he once liked . He would hold out , until I gave him a drink from the kitchen sink water filter . I needed to find something that would insure that he was getting enough water . I read reviews on a lot of different fountains ; and , decided to try this . My cat did n't like it at first , because it was different . But , instead of giving him a `` sink drink '' , I put him in front of the fountain and showed him to drink there . After a day or two , it took no more cajoling . He loves it and I know that he is getting the proper hydration .
 These items work very well . Some people complain of them being loud , but the only thing I ever hear in a totally quiet house is the sound of the running water . They can be a PITA to clean , but with bottle brushes or the cleaning kit it 's not a problem . The only thing I would say is DO NOT let them run out of water . I forgot to refill one and went to work for 8 hours , and came back to find the motor had overheated and burnt out . For any cat that loves running faucet water , you can not go wrong with this product !
 The Drinkwell Original Pet Fountain was delivered on time and easy to assemble . I had it up and running within minutes . I love this thing and my cat loves it , too ! It runs pretty quiet , like a fish tank filter system . Does n't disturb anyone in the house . My cat will only drink running water , so this was a life-saver and keeps me from having to `` water '' my cat all the time from the tub faucet .
 Does an excellent job of providing a constant supply of clean water for one 's pet . Hard water eventually corrodes the plastic , making it difficult to keep bacteria-free . I 've owned several of these over the years , and I find that some pump motors are very noisy , while others are quiet -- probably a quality control issue .
 It is a little large for my cat . It needs much water to keep it working . If the level is below some point , it does not work well .
 this is great with the refil bottle , no more daily filling of the water , I clean weekly with the tools bought for the purpose and it is a time saver . No more having to worry about the level of the water , or burning out the motor if I forget to fill . the base is wide enough so even our biggest kitty can drink without discomfort and he loves drinking out of the fountain . Absolutely no sound from the motor and the gentle water sound is very soothing . Would definately recommend this product !!!!
 I have had my cat for about three months and during that time he only drank out of the bathroom faucet . I knew this was the product for him ! It arrived quickly and immediately after I set it up he starting drinking out of the stream and then to the bowl then back to stream ... etc He was so excited and I never saw him drink so much ! The instructions said to rinse the filter and and when I did the water turned out black so I am not using the filter until I can get another . Other than that ... excellent product !!
 I love this fountain , I adopted a new cat who would n't drink water from his bowl - this solved the problem , he drinks from it all the time and the water stays nice and fresh , not like water sitting dormant in a bowl . The unit is quiet and very easy to clean . I also purchased the additional capacity reservoir since I have 2 cats which is working out very well , I only have to refill it every few days . I would definately recommend this product .
 I saw this in a magazine . I wanted a solution because my kitten used to play with water and make it messy . He used to splash water with his paw and the whole floor would be wet . So , I tried this pet fountain . My kitten and dogs love this . I also got the 50 oz attachment also . So now , they have fresh water all the time . My dogs are happy because they do n't have carry their empty bowl out to me when they were thirsty . It gets noisy when it needs refilling . I have had it for about 2 weeks now . Maybe it is just a habit from cleaning pet water and food dishes , but I do clean it when I need to add fresh water . Now I only need to give the pets ' fresh water every 11/2 to 2 days instead of twice or three times a day . Also , I do n't have to worry about whether I have filled it up . When it needs refilling , I usually wash it and fill it and the 50oz attachment and it is good for almost 2 days.Oh yes , the kitten does n't make it messy now .
 My boyfriend and I have 6 cats
 It took my cats a few hours or so to get used to this thing but now they all drink from it . I 've had it for about 6 months and really like it . Having 3 cats , I opted to get the additional reservoir because they were draining the main fountain so quickly!I 've never had a problem with excessive noise , as some reviewers have . If it 's making a lot of noise , you do n't have enough water in there or it has become clogged . When it is running normally , all I hear on mine is the water softly dropping down.I 've also never had a problem with it overflowing . I 'm at about 4300 feet , so the higher elevation issues another reviewer mentioned ca n't be the cause of his problems - something else must be going on for him.I 'm really digging this product . I like how you can throw it into the dishwasher -LRB- once you remove the motor -RRB- and get it totally clean.The only thing I wish was that the reservoir was even bigger , as it is on the dog version of the fountain ...
 The Drinkwell Pet Fountain was recommended by our vet ... Precious needed to drink more water for a bladder condition , and now -- drink she does . Both our kitties are fascinated by the moving water . They especially like when we add ice cubes to the bowl . In our experience new filters leave tiny black particles in the bowl ... because of this we felt it necessary to change all the water until the particles no longer appeared in the bowl . We are considering adding the attachement to hold more water since we have to add water everyday which is n't normally a problem ... when we were away for a few days the system was down to its last bit of water . Humans benefit from the peaceful , relaxing sound of running water too !
 I bought the basic Drinkwell at Petco and spent about $ 40 plus sales tax . Our 17 year old cat started drinking from the bowl on the second day . Our 5 year old cat held out until the third day and he drinks from the fountain-part . Both cats drank from a dripping faucet in the bathroom until the old cat was unable to jump up any longer . The old cat then had to switch to a bowl and the young cat still drank in the sink.The unit was simple to set up and runs quietly . We 've got it set up on carpet so it might make a little more noise if it was on a hard surface . It looks like it can go 3 days or more with no addition of water . I 'm looking at the reservoir tanks now.So far , this is a fine product and we are happy to have our bathroom sink back .
 I 've had the Drinkwell Pet Fountain for several years and my cats love it . I also have the extra bottle reservoir for additional water . I have yet to burn out the motor even though I 've come home a few times to find I let the water get down too low . The fountain is n't noisy . You can adjust the flow of the water . The cats love it -LRB- one of mine LOVES to chase the bubbles when the bottle gurgles water into the fountain -RRB- . I 'm totally satisfied with this product and the cats give it two paws up !
 We bought this fountain because one of our cats was obsessed with running water . She was actually underweight until we started using the fountain , and is much healthier-looking now . We have 3 cats and they all love it as much as we do . It is extremely quiet - just a pleasant trickling sound which can be made silent by turning the flow rate down . I highly recommend the resovoir plus -LRB- 70 oz -RRB- in addition to the fountain . We refill it every 5 days and it helps prevent the motor from running dry , which may cause the motor noise and burnout . We clean it every 1-2 weeks and it takes about 5 minutes . Most importantly , it increases the quality of life for our kitties , which is the least we can do for all the love and affection they give us .
 Our cat loves drinking out of the bathroom sink faucet , so it was great to find a water dish with a fountain that she would like . The fountain is adjustable flow , the dish holds a fair amount of water , and the pump is pretty quiet.If you let the water level drop , the pump will start sucking air and make a loud noise . Not a terrible thing ; it 's a convenient reminder to refill the water every once in a while . But it does mean that the six-cup capacity does n't translate into waiting for the cat to drink six cups before refilling the fountain.You 'll need to make sure the intake is free of hair , but it 's pretty easy to do.My only complaint is that it 's a bit awkward to clean , which you will have to do from time to time -LRB- the filter keeps the water pretty clean , but slime still grows on the submerged plastic surfaces -RRB- . Edit
 I purchased this fountain kit based on a recommendation from my vet . I 'm very happy with it ! One of my cats always refused to drink from anything but my bathroom faucet , so I was looking for an alternative and found this bowl . I received it quickly and eagerly set it up . It has been easy to clean and fill , and my super fussy cat is using it ! I have city water which tastes terrible , so I fill it up with my PUR pitcher water , and they seem to like it better . It also eliminates rust stain build up in the fountain.The sound of the water is very soothing , but I gave it four stars for the simple fact that I wish they 'd make a perfectly silent motor . It is n't loud , but it does make a humming sound , and in a small house that can be annoying . I keep it downstairs in the basement and I 've set it on a carpet pad to reduce any noises . It sounds like a air pump motor from a fish tank.I considered the Petmate fountain , but my vet said they used to use that brand and found that it was constantly breaking . I am very happy with my choice and I would do it again in a heartbeat . It 's a good quality fountain that has made both cats very happy ! I would highly recommend this kit . The additional reservoir is also a must-have . It eliminates the need for daily checks on the water level .
 This is a great fountain . Its quiet and easy to put together and clean . Our kitty drinks the water as it flows and loves it . Our puppy drinks from the bowl and happy as can be . The price is good and the fountain lasts a good long time . The seller sent it fast and it was packed really well . All was perfect !
 I have had my Drinkwell Pet Fountain for a month and I have absolutely no complaints . I am very happy with the product . My cat has adjusted to the fountain very well . I would recommend this product to my friends .
 We originally purchased a Whisker City pet fountain from PetSmart and it kept spilling water out of the bowl even if the bowl was n't filled full . Seemed to be a design flaw . We then tried the Drinkwell pet fountain and found a nice fountain at a reasonable price . I do n't know if the more expensive models are any better , but this one is very quiet . The only thing I would like to change is the footprint . It 's a little big and round and it would be nice to have a smaller , more slender model . But overall a great buy .
 My cats at first was hesitate to use it as it was a strange item in the kitchen where I Placed it . Once they used it which did n't take long , it is now a regular item the cats utilize . You have to add water every two days or the pump makes a noise but it is quiet ! Thus far cleaning is not a big problem . Overall , I 'm glade I purchased it especially since the older cat needs more water intake according to the Vet .
 I purchased the drinkwell original pet fountain at least 5 weeks ago . Since then I ' h found out that my 6 years old cat is drinking most water . The fountain is really easy to clean , the only issue , sometimes I feel the water is getting a little bit warm .
 My cat psycho was afraid of this at first but once she realized this was her water , she cant get enought of it . I put ice cubes in it just about every day and she loves it . It is pretty quiet and has been functioning perfect since i bought it . I would recommend this item to everyone that has a cat . Before i purchased it , i checked out all the reviews and this one had the best reviews for the price . You cant go wrong with this pet fountain
 We bought this at Petco for one of our cats who refused to drink out of a bowl but wanted constant water from the faucet . We have 3 cats and figured out pretty quick that we needed the extra reservoir attachment as we were having to refill it 2-3 times a day to keep it quite . With the reservoir , it will last about a week without having to be refilled . Cleaning was tricky at first , could n't quite figure out how to take it apart but once you figure that out cleaning is fairly quick and easy . Some say it is dishwasher safe but I 've never tried it as some of the pieces are very small . Overall , a great fountain . We 've had ours for about 18 months and it 's still doing great . I 'd recommend it to anyone , it 's worth the money for the ease of keeping your pet water clean and cycled . Also great for picky cats ! : -RRB-
 I got this because my cat was drinking from the bathtub , this not only stopped her , but she is drinking more water which is better for her entire system .
 I was excited to get this for my cat a couple of years ago thinking that she would just love it . She actually has always drank from the bowl , never from the stream . I 'm ok with it though because I know that the water is being filtered and flowed . If you are looking for something low maintenance , I do n't recomend this product as it does require to be cleaned often . Overall a good purchase .
 I 've had this fountain for at least ten years and it still works just like when I first bought it . My cats love running water so I know they 're drinking enough . In order to make the filters last longer , I often rinse them off and use them for several months . I also took the little top piece off as my cats like to drink from the top too . It is a little time consuming to clean but to me it 's worth it to have my cats drink plenty of water .
 Cat loves it ; has learned to move the lever and adjust the flow of the water . And she stopped tipping over glasses to watch water flow ! It 's only noisy when there is n't enough water in it or the filter needs to be changed .
 My three cats ca n't live without this product . They LOVE the running water and when it is not running , they refuse to drink . These last quite a while and are inexpensive . Kind of a pain to clean but certainly worth it as cats need a LOT of water to drink . This encourages them to drink !
 My cat loves running water . After tirelessly trying to keep her out of the bathroom sink , I went looking for a pet water feeder.I originally purchased the Petmate Fountain because that is all that was available . It did n't have running water , but trickled water over a chute . It was n't really easy to clean , but my cat seemed to like it.I then saw this unit and thought it looked like a faucet . Upon installation , my cat LOVED it !!! She drank and drank from the running fountain . She also likes a lot of ice in her water , so when the ice swirls around the bubbles , it gives her much amusement and makes her want to drink more.Cleaning is easy requiring only 15 minutes every two weeks . It is important to clean the pump as well as the bowl . I read where other readers commented that a filter would be a good idea to prevent debris from getting into the pump . I have found that cat hair especially gets stuck in the intake valve and very little makes its way to the pump . As far as noise goes , if you do n't mind the sound of running water from a faucet you will love this unit . It took a few days to get used to the sound , but now I do n't notice it.I highly recommend this pet water feeder .
 We 've had the Drinkwell for about a year . We also bought the 50oz . reservoir.Our two cats just love this thing ! One of them will sit and stare at it off and on throughout the day - we call it kitty TV . They both drink a lot more then they ever did from a dish . We also change their litter more often since they pee more . All good as far as we are concerned . We did have to put it on a waterproof pad since they splash around in it so much . The goofy cats will put their whole heads under the flow to drink sometimes . Sometimes they ` wash ' their feet in it . It 's a hoot to watch.We take it apart and clean it in the sink with soap and water once a week . Takes about 15 minutes . We use an old toothbrush to get at the small bits . Both our cats will sit on the pad waiting for it to be returned.There is very little noise from the motor . We fill the reservoir about twice a week using water from our Brita filter pitcher . We do n't use the filters in the Drinkwell.This may have been the best purchase we have ever made for our cats . We hope it never quits working . Honestly , we 're not sure what the reaction would be if it was gone for more then 15 minutes . Maybe we better order a spare .
 Both of my cats love this fountain . Cleaning it is n't fun but it is n't that hard either and cleaning the fountain is well worth the joy that the fountain brings my cats -- plus my cats no longer jump up on my sink to hog all the water while I brush my teeth .
 i think this is a great fountain , My cat loves it , she also loves to play in it , but thats another story . I read some complaints on there before I purchased my drinkwell . Some people complained about noise , but truth be told , as long as its not running low on water , the only noise you hears is of the water flowing . If you do n't like that , just turn the speed down , and do n't over fill it , and its quiet as can be .
 This works great for my mother 's 3 cats . It is much more convenient for my mother , since she does not have to fill it so often and no cats spilling it . They all took one day getting used to it but after that short period , they all took to it ... well , like ducks to water ! If you are a multiple cat family , this would work well for you !
 I 've had the smaller Drinkwell fountains for my cats and had problems with the hard water buildup . Of course , the fact that my husband and I sometimes forgot to check the water level made them noisy . We recently purchased 2 of the big dog ones -LRB- we have several cats -RRB- , and the other day , I put one on the kitchen counter , poured a couple cups of vinegar into it , then filled it with water literally to the rim , and let it run so it 'd help wash off the hard water accumulations . I let it sit and run for a couple hours that a way -LRB- hey , the cats had another one in another room , so ! -RRB- , and it was amazingly easy to get the hardwater accumulations off of it after that ! We also got the additional reservoir for the big dog one , so we do n't have to check it as often . : -RRB-
 I was hesitant about buying this fountain , because I have read reviews that it was loud . It arrived today , I filled it up , plugged it in , and have n't heard a thing . You can adjust the water flow -LRB- less flow near `` 11 o'clock '' and more flow near `` 1 o'clock '' -RRB- . With the flow at 11 , it is closest to the trickling water from the faucet that my cat has always preferred -LRB- and there is absolutely no noise from the stream of water hitting the bowl -RRB- . I also worried that my cat would n't like it , but he took one look at it and started drinking . No problems there.In all , I would say this purchase was well worth the money . It is quiet , convenient , and hopefully will encourage the cat to drink more .
 My cats have n't seemed to take a preference over this with the other water dispenser I have . I bought the fountain because they seemed to want to drink out of the faucet in my sink and I took that to mean that they were thirsty for running water . As we know , cats are finnicky , and mine just went back to drinking from the old water dispenser despite the fact that the fountain is right next to it . I do n't know if they 're uncertain what to make of it , or if they 're just trying to annoy me . :-RRB- At any rate , it works well , is n't too noisy -LRB- imagine a fountain -RRB- and certainly seems to keep the water fresh . I bought the reservoir , too , since it seemed to run low on water every 3 days or so without it . Good product .
 I 've had this product for almost a year now and I highly recommend ! One of my cats has had urinary tract problems and was too finicky to drink out of a stale bowl . We had a drippy faucet that he would use until we fixed it and bought the fountain . He drinks frequently now and no longer seems to strain when urinating . He 's been to the vet hospital a couple of times -LRB- expensive -RRB- and I 'm hoping this helps prevent the problem . I find it easy to clean and the noise is fine as long as you keep sufficient water supply ; I actually find it soothing . You can use it without the filter , but it does help keep it clean for the kitties . I have terrible water so I buy water from the store . You do n't have to buy the cleaning kit - you can buy aquarium cleaning brushes at any department store which are about the same . Great product , believe all the good reviews !
 I just bought my second Drinkwell ; the first finally gave up the ghost after 5 hard years of service.If you make the purchase with reasonable expectations , you will be completely satisfied . It is plastic -LRB- or possibly fiberglass -RRB- and it 's not the top-of-the-line model . It can get a bit noisy when the water level is low -LRB- a good thing , actually , because it reminds you to top it off -RRB- and the flow-rate dial has small and hard to reach holes that clog easily with lint or , if you have a long-haired pet , cat hair . New filters are somewhat high in price and leave unattractive charcoal stains on the body ; since a new filter is usually part of cleaning and refreshing it , that can be particularly annoying . The plastic body is unfortunately susceptible to hard water stains . I use bottled water , mixed with a very small amount of local water , so this is n't an enormous problem , but it does affect the overall attractiveness of the fountain if it 's somewhere where it can be easily seen . After five years mine had a ring around the top that nothing could scrub away.But having said that , I am completely happy with the product . Like many cats , mine is atracted to the sight and sound of running water , which means he drinks more . The reservoir is large enough to go for several days without being refilled , so I never have to worry if I 'm stuck at the office or on a project . The constant circulation keeps the water fresher and the filter keeps it healthier . My Izzy likes to drop his toy mice in it , and this has never once caused a clog or problem . It 's sturdy and tip proof and has a unibody design that never leaks . I put it on my new carpet and never once worried about damage.Five years of reliable operation strikes me as a pretty good investment for the price , and some customers may have even better results . I 've encouraged my sister to get one , and I 'd recommend it to you , too .
 I love this product . It is my second one . The motor burned out on the first one after about 6 years and only because it ran dry while we were on vacation . The fresh running water keeps my cats -LRB- 4 of them -RRB- drinking . I would recommend that you invest in the extra reservoir : -RRB- Drinkwell Reservoir , 70 Ounceif you have multiple pets otherwise you are likely going to have to add water everyday and run the risk of running dry . The animals drink that much more water .
 This is a great little machine . Kinda noisy , but you get used to it . I use it for my 60 pound dog and I have to fill it maybe 2 times a day . She took to it well - so did my sister 's dog . My only issue is that it did n't come with any instructions on how to insert the filter and it 's not very intuitive . I 'm still not sure I put it in right ...
 My cat was constantly getting in my sinks to try and drink the water . It was so frustrating ! I bought this fountain and he stays out of the sinks now ! I love it ! I just purchased the cat grass to hook on it . Maybe the grass will stop him from eating the flowers on the kitchen table ! We shall see !
 The item I am writing about is a Drinkwell Pet Fountain . I bought this brand the first time I bought a pet fountain and it lasted over 3 years . I do have 3 cats with one that likes to play with the running water and this fountain seems to be his favorite . I bought a different brand the 2nd time trying to save some money and it had a water reserve on it which I thought would be helpful but it only lasted about a year and the reserve never seemed to work out that well because it kept clogging up . So I am back to the Drinkwell Pet Fountain and my silly water playing cat is very happy about that .
 McQuire , as far as the vet can tell , is about 16 . He is one onery , independent red tabby . But he has slowed down a step or two . Not outside as much as he used to . Took about a week for him to warm up to this thing , but now it 's normal . I 'm feeling better , 'cause it 's fillterd . and always flowing . So the question is ... Do cats like flowing water , or just really clean front feet ?
 we have owned other self-watering bowls in the past but this is the best one yet ! i thought my cat would n't like the noise , just a little more than the last , but she loves it !! it is a little more involved to clean -LSB- take apart -RSB- but it is still worth the money ! thank you !
 I found the fountain to be very quiet running and easy to clean and assemble . My two cats have taken to using it very well .
 This little fountain is absolutely wonderful and the cats love it -- all four of them . First , they love the circulating water as it keeps it fresh . Second , they drink MUCH more water from the little waterfall and that 's good for their urinary tracts . Third , they like to sit and just watch the waterfall , just like people do out in nature . It 's been a real hit with them . Could n't be more pleased with the purchase . -LRB- Hint , if you get one , skip buying the brush and cleaning set ; just buy pipe cleaners and wash it in soap and water , wipe it with vinegar , rinse it out and you 're good to go again . Also get one of the larger water containers that can be purchased separately on Amazon , as this will keep you from having to refill it every day . -RRB-
 I bought it here instead of petsmart or petco , as it was $ 15 cheaper . At 1st my pups did not know what to make of it , but now they ca n't stay away ! A few tips , keep water level high and clean it once a week and it seems to be quieter .
 We purchased the Drinkwell Original Pet Fountain in February 2009 , and we have used it with two different cats . It has worked perfectly and is still going strong . It cleans great in the dishwasher .
 I bought cheaper fountains and they did n't last but a few weeks , then I read reviews on line and the drinkwell had good reviews so I ordered one . My cats love it and drink a lot more water . The fountain lasted for years . I just replaced it with the same original fountain , I was going to try the platinum but reviews were not good . I have recommended this fountain to my friends .
 This is the best pet fountain I have tried and I have tried almost every brand . Most other brands leak , are hard to clean , or the motor dies . I have had this Drinkwell fountain for many years without a problem . The whole thing comes apart and can be washed in the dish washer -LRB- except the black pump ! -RRB- I have two cats and they love the running water . I have started to buy extras to give to friends who are new cat owners . Running water helps prevent urinary/kidney problems , etc. . I would recommend the Drinkwell Pet Fountain to any cat owner who cares about the health of their pets .
 Weeks ago we ordered the Drinkwell Original Pet Fountain as a watering solution for our cat , whose health condition requires that he take in a lot of water . At first , we selected this item for the similarity to a running faucet , which both cats enjoy drinking from . We expected noise , and had used an electric pet fountain before , but this product is far and away the best we 've ever used.For starters , the entire fountain comes apart easily , and is top shelf dishwasher safe . There are no complicated instructions or special tools required for cleaning , though I understand there are a set of cleaning brushes sold by the company . The assembly is simple and quick , and refilling the fountain is as easy as dumping a glass of water into the bottom well . There are even two slots in the back that you can slide the electric cord through to prevent wobbling . Turning it on is just a matter of plugging it into the wall socket.The only issues we 've had is that the fountain will make small `` gush , gush '' noises if the water level falls below the flow rate switch , and we may not notice the sound until the fountain is scaring the cats with the strange sound . Still , it 's less annoying than a chiming sound would be , and we 'd never notice a lighted indicator if we were n't in the room , so I suppose it 's for the best .
 I just got my fountain , and I 'm really glad I got it at Amazon since stores sell these for $ 40 + . Anyways , I was really worried about buying this after I read the recent negative reviews , but I 'm glad I purchased it . For the people complaining about the noise , be sure that the reservoir AND the bowl itself is filled with water . Mine was so noisy at first until I realized I needed to fill the bowl as well . Now all I hear is the calming noise of waterfall . My sink obsessed cat was so fascinated with it at first . I also put filtered water in there , so now my cats know the difference between tap and filtered and will not drink tap water anymore . LOL As someone suggested , I went to 99 cents store and bought a baby bottle cleaner and it works great !
 As soon as the fountain was set up , my cats came forward and were curious of the waterfall . They gave up drinking from my taps and now use the Drinkwell exclusively !!!
 The fountain came with everything that was listed , such as
 Our cat loves this thing . She drinks from it frequently -LRB- and directly from the fountain -RRB- . We have n't had any issues other than needing to clean the bowl maybe once a week . Cat hair and whatnot cling to the intake area , but this is to be expected . With a little maintenance and adding a bit of fresh water in every other day or so , this is a great product . We often joke that its the best thing that ever happened to the cat . : -RRB-
 My cat is one of those who will only drink water from a faucet in the sink , so I bought the drinkwell fountain to see if I could break him of that habit . It was very successful from that point of view . My cat adapted right away and drinks both from the fountain 's bowl and fountain.The fountain is fairly quiet if it is completely full of water . It becomes noisy if the water level drops . Adding water regularly keeps this from being a problem . My main complaint is the poor design of the pump placement under the fountain . The directions emphasize the importance of regular cleaning of the pump . However , removing the pump to clean it is much harder than it needs to be . This pump is exactly the kind I have my on fish tank , and those are much easier to remove and clean .
 use this for two cats and a dog ... originally got it because one of my cats insists on drinking from the bathroom sink . I end up filling it more than I thought I would , and did n't consider the fact that I 'd have to unplug it and clean the base as often as I do . I do n't think I 'll buy the add-on water tank because it would make the cleaning process that much more bulky/awkward . But I do like this better than a normal bowl for my pets .
 This is just what I had hoped for a cat who loves drinking out of my sink ... I can keep it cold with ice cubes and he loves it .
 My kitties have been using these for years -LRB- yes , the fountains last this long ! -RRB- -- and love them ! The noise is no louder than any other kitchen appliance , and the water trickle noise is actually quite pretty . Extremely quick and easy to clean once you figure out how the pieces go back together -- takes me perhaps 4 minutes . My preference , and my cats ' , is to empty and lightly rinse -LRB- and remove any accumulated hair -RRB- mid-week , and then a FULL clean at the weekend . -LRB- I use dish soap , but rinse very , very carefully . -RRB- Fountain easily gets slimy and traps dirt after about 5 days ... . would you want to drink from that ? -LRB- I change the filter every 2 weeks . -RRB-
 It took my cat , Noel , about 4 days to start using it , but she seems really happy now and is not drinking out of the sink faucet and bathroom . It hums a little louder than I expected but it 's working well and I hope it stays functional for a long time . Noel is a 3 year old domestic shorthair from the shelter and she is the first cat I 've had who was n't happy with just me changing the water everyday . My vet said water intake is very important for urinary tract health so if you have a cat who is n't drinking much I would suggest trying this . I 've had good service from Amazon .
 I was really excited to get my cat this nice pet fountain . Apparently she is scared of it and wo n't go near it :-LRB- No its just an expensive water bowl .
 This is the second Drinkwell Original Pet Fountain I 've owned . The fist one developed a leak that I could never figure out the origin of -LRB- nonetheless , it lasted 5 years -RRB- . What I would recommend to new buyers is to buy the brush set -LRB- for cleaning -RRB- and never put it in the dishwasher or in a packing box that is not acid-free -LRB- I did this when I moved and after a couple of months the plastic turned yellow -RRB- .
 I think its great & so do the 4cats & 2 dogs . Is not as difficult to clean as some people complained about . takes all of 5 minutes . dont need the extra reservoir , with 6 animals drinking out of it i pour a little water in every night before bed & its fine . I have 2 cats that refuse to drink out of a bowl so ive been using serenity fountains , try cleaning those ! replacing every few months . Had no idea they made these for pets ... So we are all very very happy .
 I 've had my drinkwell system set up and running for about a month now . My husband and I bought it because our younger cat , Bear , had a habit of drinking out of the sink . At our old apartment , we had a leaky faucet for a while , and she would help herself . Once the faucet was fixed , she would whine and cry until we would come turn the water on for her . It was a pain in the butt , but our biggest concern was what to do when we moved into a house that did n't have a flat-rate water bill . We did NOT want to pay to leave the water running when no humans were using it . We also had a problem with both cats dumping the water dish on to the floor , whether the water was fresh or not.I was hesitant to buy this product because of the price , but I 'm glad I did . Bear no longer pays any attention to the sink at all , and neither cat has made ANY attempt to tip it over . I bought mine at PetSmart because it was on sale . Since so many people have mentioned defective units , I would recommend buying it at a physical store -LRB- if you can find it -RRB- so that exchanging it will be easier.Several people have said their drinkwell fountain was noisy ; I can barely hear mine . If yours is noisy , something may be wrong with it . Also , if the water level drops down too low , the humming noise gets a little louder . Still , MUCH quieter than any appliance . I have not purchased the additional tank , so I just have to add about a cup of water a day.The reason I gave it 4 stars instead of 5 , is because it sounds like it will be difficult to clean . With that said , I 'm not sure it would be possible to make it much easier . I have not needed to clean mine yet , so maybe I will update this once I have . Also , the directions were not very specific , but I was able to figure it out and get everything working fine . Just a side note , it does n't seem to work unless it is on a level surface . -LRB- We moved into an older house , and had to move the fountain around a few times before we found a spot in the kitchen where it would work . This was not easy to do with a bowl full of water . -RRB- * EDIT * The fountain IS louder on a hard-wood or tile floor ; we initially had it in a carpeted kitchen -LRB- yuck -RRB- . I put a small rug under it and it helped a lot . Also , it is n't the most fun thing to clean , but if you buy several sizes of brushes you should be fine . The official kit comes with 3 differnt brushes , and the big one also has a sponge on the end which helps quite a bit .
 This is a nice product , and was received quickly.However , the Product Description says , `` A large charcoal filter removes bad tastes and odors . '' This item did not come with a filter , and no instruction sheet/booklet was enclosed . I bought filters for it at Petsmart for $ 9.99 , and this purchase on Amazon has now cost me more than if I bought it at Petsmart .
 Great for cats that are proned to crystals in the urine . Great product , and it arrived just two days after I bought it .
 This was purchased for a cat that totally stopped drinking bowl water after he learned to drink from the bathtub faucet . He and his once feral step-sister took about a week getting used to the sound and the peculiarity -LRB- to them -RRB- of its design . Bob still prefers the narrower stream coming from a greater height to what the fountain provides , but he does drink from it . Izzie is fascinated with it and puts things in solely to fish them out . I believe she actually drinks from it , as well.The stream is a little strong , according to Bob , even on the lowest setting . Cleaning is simple enough . It has a good weight , with rubber tabs on the bottom , so I do n't have to keep putting it back where I want it , as I often did with their bowl.They 've had it about a month now , and the only problem was one occasion when I allowed the water level to get too low , resulting in a hideous sound . My bad .
 This product arrived quickly and it was just as described . My cat loves it and I am very pleased with it . Great company to do business with . No problems . Definitely recommend to others !
 Both of my cats like to drink from a faucet . When we were getting ready to leave town , I worried that they would not get enough fluids . I researched and choose the Drinkwell . It was easy to set up and cats were curious but made no move to use it . Our pet sitter kept it clean and full . When we got back , they seemed somewhat embarrassed to be seen using it , but use it they did ! We feel better about leaving them now !
 I have two cats who do n't often drink , and when they do , they like to spill their water bowl all over . Having a constantly moving source of water has encouraged them to drink ! The tabby loves the spout , and the somali prefers the pool . Both get what they want and I know they 're getting more water.The fountain disassembles for easy cleaning and can be used with or without filter . Be careful not to let the fountain run dry , however , as the motor will burn out !
 My cats are very happy with this fountain . At first they would be sneaky about drinking out of it , like they thought they were n't supposed to be using it or something , but now they love it . It is easy to clean and everything , the only thing is I still have n't cleaned the motor because I can not get it to come out , it is really hard to do . It does have a humming noise to it but it is in a back room so it does n't matter . Overall it is a nice product to have for cats that love water .
 This is a good product . You just have to keep it clean and keep the filters replace fairly often . My cat took a while to get used to it but once she was , she really liked it .
 I wanted to encourage my kidney patient cat to drink more water and he loves this fountain . Whenever it gets a little noisy , I add more water to the level and/or unplug and replug it ... usually corrects . Easy to clean with a bottle brush .
 Our cats were n't sure about this fountain at first but after a few days they seem to really like it . They were used to drinking from the faucet and still need to be reminded of their new fountain . We unplug it at night because we are concerned that the motor could burn out if we run it non-stop .
 It did get tired after five years , but I went and bought another . My cat uses it daily -- for drinking not for washing .
 I have a 23 year old cat that ca n't jump on the sink anymore to drink from the faucet , she absolutely loves drinking from this fountain . .
 Our Maine Coon was always in the sink/shower/toilet trying to get at water . Our vet told us about this fountain and ever since we got it , it has been his favorite place in the house . He likes to drink from it , wash his face in it , and even curl up and sleep around the fountain.Note that you should make sure you clean it every 2 weeks as the manual says . Also , I find the attachment water tank well worth it as we only need to refill it every 4 days or so and do n't need to worry about the cats going thirsty in the mean time.Pros : One very happy cat.Nice background noise.Cons : He gets upset when we turn it off to clean it and watches us like a hawk until it is back on . Cleaning usually takes me about 10 minutes with soap and hot water in the sink and there are some small surfaces to clean . Make sure you get the impeller out of the motor and the intake screen clear of cat hair . It tends to build up there.A great buy . Just bought two for family members with pets .
 I do think this fountain is quite good -- well-made and operates smoothly . If you put it on the lowest setting for the flow , it barely makes any noise . The high setting I found too noisy and distracting . So , the only issue for me is that one of my cats is afraid of it and wo n't go near it to drink water -LRB- maybe the noise -RRB- , so I still have to put out another water dish . The other cat loves the flowing water , but wants to play with the fountain and put his paws in it and splash around ! It 's kind of funny until I have a mess of water on the floor to wipe up . He 's also quite smart and figured out quickly how to lift the lid of the fountain with his paw . He then bites at the filter and pulls it out . Go figure . Not every cat will be this crazy , but what I 've done is to tape the lid on now and just take it off for cleaning . At least one of them is using it and having fun in the process , so it feel like this was a good buy . Perhaps the manufacturer could find a way to add a secure clip to the lid in future models .
 Nice design , and the large holding tank saves me from daily refills . This is a clever idea because it keeps the water `` moving '' and recirculating through a charcoal filter . I keep the water filled every other day , and clean it every couple of weeks .
 My cat would only drink from a running faucet -LRB- my kitchen sink -RRB- . I found this to not be very sanitary or comfortable for me . I purchased the pet drinking fountain and in one day , she was happy and was not asking for water from my kitchen sink . Thanks.The kitchen sink is mine once again and my cat is happy also . I would recommend this product for anyone with a small pet .
 This one is a replacement of one that we have had for quite a few years . The original unit started leaking . We replaced the gasket at first , but then we found that the plastic housing around the gasket was cracked . We really liked this model . It is easy to maintain . Maintenance will depend on how messy your cat is getting food bits and hair in the water basin . The filter is easy to remove , run under the sink to clean and replace . The trap in the bowl is easy to clear with fingers . We add about 1/2 cup of water every day . I do recommend dumping the water out and filling with fresh water regularly . The cats really do know the difference and drink a lot more when it 's fresh . It 's helped with some border-line bladder issues in one cat . If you get hard water build-up , use baking soda & water to make a paste to scrub the lime-scale from the bowl . The new Original Fountain is a lot noisier than our first one . Ca n't figure why . The motor is louder and vibrates more . Cats do n't seem to care . I have a cheaper -LRB- $ 20 -RRB- black fountain in another room , thinking that I would save some money on a second unit . Was not worth the savings for the hassel . The filter clogs up twice as fast , water does n't stay as fresh , water does not flow as well . I would not spend the extra for the Platinum Drinkwell version , but I would definitely buy another Original or two . All six of our cats like it and use it .
 This unit is almost silent and works very well . Not sure what is wrong for those who said it was noisy . If you let it run dry or do n't reassemble it properly after cleaning it can cause grinding . Just follow the directions and you 'll be fine .
 After reading some reviews , I was hesitant to buy this , but was sick of my cats jumping up on the sink to drink water . As it turns out , it 's a wonderful product and I was very happy I ended up ordering it . It is extremely simple to set up and easy to use . Because of the filter , the water stays vey clean . I change it every once in awhile , but mostly just add new water to it . The unit is very quiet - until the water gets too low . As soon as you add water , it 's silent again . The cats use it constantly . Not only has it eliminated the jumping up on the sink problem , but I think the cats drink much more water than before . Great buy !
 This is EASY to put together , and EASY to wash . I just dump it every other day and wipe out the bowl . I took the propeller out and wiped down the excess grease the first day . I wo n't do that again for awhile.My cats are getting used to it . I 'm seeing an increase of urine balls to scoop from the boxes . With their urine being diluted , it does n't smell hardly at all . That 's a nice added benefit with no more urinary tract infections .
 Our cats seem to enjoy the fountain but it took a little time for them to adjust to it . At first only one would go near it but now we 've seen them all drink from it . The fountain appears to work well , it 's easy to maintain , and the cats give it a 4 paw rating ! They would have given it 5 starts if they had more paws :o-RRB- . The only suggestion I would offer to the manufacturer is change the shape of the tub where the water lands . Some shape that would cause more turbulence to increase the bubbling sound might help to attract more attention . It 's not a reason to pass this one by though .
 This fountain is great my cats have stopped drinking out of the toilet and faucet in the sink !! The only con is it is a pain to clean !!
 I have a cat with urinary issues and I 'll do anything to have her drink more . She already loved drinking from the faucet , so she was a great candidate for this . We 've only had it a couple days now , but I catch her drinking from it constantly.Our other cat has not quite warmed up to the stream of water yet , but is not fearful , just prefers her water still.It is a little noisy -LRB- even when very full -RRB- but put it in a place where it wont keep you up and you 'll be fine .
 I love this little fountain . My cat , Feebie is a water cat . She loves to drink from thebathroom sink and tub . I needed some way to give her what she likes , running water , while keeping her out of my bathroom.This fountain has been a life saver . She loves it . She gets running , filtered water all day long.The only thing I wish it did was also keep the water cool . But I guess I could have upgraded for that option.Well worth the money though .
 I PURCHASED THIS PRODUCT TO REPLACE A LESS EXPENSIVE &#34; BUBBLY &#34; TYPE . FIRST OFF , LET ME WARN EVERYONE , THAT BEFORE USING , YOU MUST RINSE THE WHOLE THING WITH CLEAN TAP WATER , THEN FILL IT UP AS PER THE INSTRUCTIONS -LRB- VERY IMPORTANT NOT TO LET IT GO DRY ! -RRB- AND LET IT RUN FOR ABOUT 10-15 MINUTES . THEN DUMP IT INTO THE SINK , REFILL WITH TAP WATER AGAIN , AND LET IT RUN FOR ABOUT 10 MINUTES . I DO NOT USE THE CHARCOAL FILTER UNTIL THE WHOLE THING HAS BEEN CLEANED , AND PLEASE DO NOT USE ANY SOAP PRODUCT AS IT WILL BE ALMOST IMPOSSIBLE TO COMPLETELY CLEAN!NOW , DUMP IT INTO THE SINK ONCE MORE , AND REFILL WITH CLEAN TAP WATER , -LCB- ALTHOUGH I PERSONALLY USE WATER FROM MY BRITA FILTER PITCHER -RCB- . NOW PLACE THE FILTER IN THE HOUSING , I HAVE IT PLACED ON A PET MAT THAT IS DESIGNED FOR THIS . ADJUST THE FLOW WITH THE SLIDER , AND WATCH THE CATS GO WILD ! IT IS SO VERY IMPORTANT TO PROVIDE AS MUCH CLEAN FRESH WATER FOR CATS , ESP . IF THEY ARE OLDER TO HELP KEEP KIDNEY FUNCTIONS WELL .
 My cat was nervous with other fountains and would n't drink out of them . He loves the Drinkwell and even lets the water run off his face and head . He 's drinking more water as the constant flow of the water keeps it fresher . The motor is n't in the water but on the underside and it 's not loud but you do hear the constant sound of the water . Super easy to clean and I rinse it out completely every 2 weeks .
 I see an increase in their litter box habits , so it 's good for encouraging hydration . For that I 'll put up with the noise , but I wish it were quieter . And the motor is hard to get out to clean .
 This is the best pet fountain I have ever seen ! I have tried several decorative fountains and they worked to provide fresh recirculated water for the pets to drink but they aways sprayed water mist over the sides and the pump would get clogged often , needing to be cleaned . The filter on this fountian is the best idea so far . Also offering free shipping was what convinced me to buy from this Amazon.com seller ! Thank you .
 Despite reading some cautions of motor burnout and being noisy , we have had excellent operation from this cat water fountain , during the 6 months we have had it in service.To make this system work even better , I plugged it into a motion-sensing power outlet mounted in the normal wall outlet , so it automatically turns on when the cat enters the porch where this fountain is kept , near his litter box . Then it only runs for the time he is there , plus about three minutes , and automatically shuts off . When running , we can hear it faintly through the wall . Not a problem at all . And the motor/pump will likely last longer than `` normal . `` I have found that cleaning the deep portions of the system requires an appropriate brush -LRB- = minus 1 ratings star -RRB- , but the weekly cleanings take me only about 5 minutes . Seattle water is quite clean and mineral-free , so build-up is minimal . Because our cat often drinks by dipping his paw into the water and licking it -LRB- ! -RRB- , I do have to clean out the small wet clay pieces tracked in from the neighboring litter box . This is obviously entertainment for him , messing about in his water dish , so we keep it on a small plastic food tray to protect the floor . It looks worse than it actually is . Funny , and not a problem.A good product for our needs .
 This thing is a pain to clean as it requires disassembling of several parts , in addition to the directions not discussing proper filter placement at all . The &#34; manual &#34; included with this item is kind of pathetic.The water reservoir evaporates more quickly than they let on . Even with low temperature and high humidity in my apartment , I need to add water in between weekly cleanings . This can be a pain when I 'm alerted in the middle of the night of its low level by the terrible noise the motor makes.However , this is the only water fountain that 's gotten my cats to drink out of something besides the sink faucet , and for that I assign the majority of my points . I 'd give fractional points -LRB- 7/10 -RRB- if Amazon allowed it .
 This pet fountain works very well for my cat , especially when I am away from home . Do n't have to worry about him having fresh water .
 I got this to replace a Cat Mate fountain that did n't have the waterfall . The first one I got had a crack in the plastic so it leaked , but I was able to exchange it with no problems . The second one seems to work fine , but the motor is a little louder than the Cat Mate one .
 Turns out my cat was very afraid of this water fountain , but my mother 's cat ca n't get enough of the running water . Thanks so much .
 I have only had this fountain for a few weeks but it works fine and is very quiet . Cats adapted right away .
 My cats are very picky and do n't like to drink from bowls . They love this fountain . It is very easy to clean - just take the pieces apart . It is a very quiet fountain , I only hear it when it needs to be refilled . Also , as a perk the replacement filters are pretty decently priced .
 The cats love it and drink much more water than before , which is good for their health . They like the stream of water that 's created and I liked the price - win win !
 Sabrina , my siamese cat , has kidney issues and did n't drink enough water . She always loved to drink directly from the faucet but that just is n't always possible . Since getting the fountain , she drinks two to three times the amount of water from the fountain . I leave it plugged in most of the the time and it is very reliable .
 Went to pick up a different brand of fountain at another store and they were all sold out . I 'm actually glad now because I 'm really happy with this pet fountain for my cat . Very good product for the price . It is not loud at all , just a little hum of the motor . It does start to sputter if the water level gets too low , but that 's pretty standard for any water/pump mechanism . I 've had this for a month now and have attempted to clean it twice ... and there 's been nothing to clean ! I was worried after reading the reviews that this would be a problem . There are a lot of pieces and crevices , but it 's not been too difficult so far . My cat was drinking from it on day one . He has had some issues with his kidneys , so I 'm hoping this encourages him to drink more water . Very happy with my choice of this fountain .
 This fountain is just what i needed . My cat refuses to drink from the food bowl and has always drank from the dripping tub faucet . Well if i turned the faucet too much were it stopped , she would just stand there and wait for me to turn it back on when i went to the bathroom . Since I was going on vacation no one was going to be home often enough to turn on the faucet . so I figured this would be better . Packaged arrived and it was super simple . No crazy assembly . Just open the box . Put in the filter , and water and away we go . Needless to say the cat wanted nothing to do with it . I figured she would be forced to when she was thirsty enough . After a day and a half of familiarization she loves it . thank god . no more cat in the tub lol . The fountain makes very little noise . About as much as an aquarium filter . Its actually quite calming . Only when it gets low it begins to get louder due to the fact its sucking in air . Just add water and all better . Love this thing wish i had ordered it sooner .
 I like the concept of this drinking dish fountain . I think a stainless steel fountain would be the best , however I 'm waiting to win the lottery . All things made for animals are way too expensive . Those in the market know that we animal lovers will go to no end to try to provide the best we can for them . This is my second Drinkwell Original pet fountain because the first one cracked around where the little motorized fan is and it was leaking water . I think it was the taking in and out of that part to clean that caused the crack . Therefore a stainless steel would have been better . I have decided this time to not keep removing the motor with fan each time , but to clean it from the dish part when I disassemble the fountain parts . Othewise I think the Drinkwell Original pet fountain is cool.mmw
 I originally purchased this for my 46lb lab . This Drinkwell did fine for her , no annoying splashing noises once you have adjusted the water flow to your liking , and less mess around the water bowl due to the wide design . However , when I got a second dog who was a 28lb I do n't know what , I felt like I was constantly filling the container . Aside from filling it often the bigger inconvenience I realized was just turned into something else to clean . A regular dog dish can just be tossed in the sink and washed out . This thing is so big I had to take it to the bath tub to take apart and clean . You have to take the hole thing apart at least once every few weeks or it will start to grow bacteria like mold and such . There are n't several pieces but it is impossible to clean without the cleaning kit or some equivalent . After about a year I got tired of trucking this thing back and forth to clean it that it is now sitting in a closet and I am back to the plain ole ' water dish . It worked great the motor was quiet , just be prepared to have to take it apart and clean it frequently .
 We purchased this Drinkwell pet fountain about 3 months ago or so and have been very pleased . We had previously purchased a fountain from a pet product store and while our cat loved the running water , the placement of the ` waterfall ' and the way she tilted her head when she drank meant we were mopping up water each day because it ran down her cheek straight onto the floor.The waterfall coming straight down into the middle of the catch tray means no more messes . The large tank means less frequent refilling as well.To address a complaint I have read about the spout dripping between the sink and the unit when refilling -- simply hold the unit upside down as you make your way from the sink to the holder and turn it right side up to install on after you reach the unit .
 When I set up the fountain , my cat came over and inspected it . It took him about 20 minutes to make sure this was n't a trap before he started drinking . Ever since , he has drank a lot more , and seems generally healthier and more active . I highly recommend this fountain .
 I purchased this bowl for my second floor.I have always found my cats to be drinking more water from the shower than the bowl . My vet recommened purchasing a fountain because cats like to have the water aerated . It has certainly made a difference . I find my cats are drinking more water . There were slightly timid at first , but eventually warmed up to it . In summer , I fill the bowl with ice and little water -LRB- for the pump -RRB- to keep it cool .
 It 's nice to buy an item that is sold at a reasonable price and which actually delivers on its marketing promise . The Drinkwell fountain has solved our problems with worrying about the cat getting enough water and avoiding running faucets . -LRB- BTW , I hope people are n't really letting their faucets run all day and night in order to satisfy their cats ; America 's potable water supply is not infinite ! Get a fountain , or turn the faucet on only briefly . -RRB- As far as the unit being noisy , I noticed some pump noise a few times , but unplugging it and restarting seems to solve this . Most of the time it is very quiet , and we keep it up on the vanity top where noise would definitely be a problem . I just disassembled and cleaned the unit for the first time and was pleased that doing so is quite easy -- meaning that it 's not a chore to avoid . Our 16 year old tabby still corrals us to come to the bathroom to give him water , but now it 's just an affectionate ritual in which he makes sure we see him drink . It 's wonderful to see him getting plenty of fresh water and enjoying it so much . Great item .
 I have the fountain with the small reservoir . I clean the water bowl and fill up the reservoir once a week and I can just leave it running for the entire week . I do n't have to worry about still water not tasting fresh or not enough water if I am gone over night . One of my cats loves drinking out of the flowing faucet . I have had it for about 6 months . 3 months ago the motor got a little stuck , so I took it out and cleaned it . It was very easy to take it apart and put it back together . I love it .
 When my daughter-in-law asked for this drinking fountain for their 2 yr . old male cat , I thought it was a gimmick . But when we set it up on X-mas Eve , the cat was virtually at the water fountain every few seconds . He absolutely loved it !! We had put down a bowl of water for him when they first arrived , and the cat would have nothing to do with the ` well ' water ... tried to bury it a number of times , LOL !! But not with the Drinkwell fountain . The filtered water was fresh , and the motor ran quietly . I also bought the reservoir so as not to have to fill it as often . I see now that there is a cleaning kit to facilitate keeping the fountain pristeen . I believe I 'm going to order one of those , since the fountain is such a success !!! If you have a cat -LRB- s -RRB- , this is absolutely a must !!! Thanks for stocking this excellent item .
 I could n't get my cat to drink water at all . Even when we would play and she 'd be exhausted , she 'd still refuse to drink . I started to research this problem and found out it was quite common . After several suggestions about this product I decided to give it a try -LRB- I was concerned because of the price -RRB- . My cat LOVES IT !! Yes , it will make an awful noise if you let the water level get to low . I do fill it daily -LRB- as I would a normal bowl -RRB- and I do clean it every two weeks , just because I want it to be sanitary for her . I have n't had any problems and highly recommend it to those people that have cats that just refuse to drink enough water on its own . She probably drinks about 3x more than she did in the past .
 I 've had my Drinkwell fountain for 4 months now and it 's great . I got it with the additional reservoir and the cleaning brushes . The reservoir is , in my opinion , a must have , I have two cats and it 's been wonderful to not have to fill their water more than about once a week . The cleaning brushes , on the other hand , have been useless , and I would not recommend getting them . Cleaning the unit is a snap , it only takes about 10 minutes every two weeks , and I just use my dish sponge to wash everything . The places I ca n't get with a sponge I just rinse well with hot soapy water . The fountain does make a bit of noise , but I do n't mind it , in fact I rarely notice it . If you do not like the sound of running water , or do not like background noises in your house , this may not be for you , but in my experience it 's been fine , and you can change the fountain outflow so that it makes less noise , which is nice because the sound can get on my nerves once in a while . But my cats love it and always drink from the fountain , and they get a kick out of watching/listening to the bubbles from the reservoir when I refill it . The bowl part stays relatively clean , but since they drink from the fountain I do n't think it matters much that there 's some food particles in the bowl . All in all , a great product , highly recommended .
 I honestly expected a $ 35 novelty item . However , the Drinkwell is whisper quiet , effective , and simple to maintain . Our cats love it and are drinking noticeably more water as a result . The big `` con '' is that there really is no reservoir to speak of ; we find that daily refills are necessary to keep up with evaporation and the cats ' thirst . The add-on reservoir is a must if you want to go more than a couple of days without refilling .
 This is the second of the fountain style water dishes we 've had for our cats . The first one died , tragically , when some careless oaf let one of the parts fall to the bottom of the dishwasher and melt -LRB- i still feel bad about it -RRB- . This dish has a true fountain and I ca n't really tell if the cats like it more or less , they dont seem to play with it as much as the other one -LRB- the Pet-Mate -RRB- we had that was more of a `` water-slide '' than a fountain.They would always stick their paws in the old one and mess with the water , they dont seem to do that as much with this one.Another thing to note is that , because of the fountain effect the water will evaporate a lot faster so make sure you buy the extra tank attachment.The design of this one is much better , a lot easier to clean and well thought out . The pump is a standard magnetic driven propeller that you find in a lot of under gravel filters for fish tanks . You can take the propeller out and clean it off which is nice . Our last one would get clogged and there was no way to clean out the pump.This one also has lots of cool little additions like the wheat grass cartridges , that incidentally did n't even survive the first week before one of our cats had half shredded half devoured the grass and strewn it 's mangled blades all over the house -LRB- he 's apparently a closet vegetarian -RRB- . So far we 're pretty happy with it , it seems to be a good quality water fountain.Dont forget to get that fountain refill attachment , get the big one , it 's worth it.I 'll write a review about the wheat grass cartridges with some suggestions as well.UPDATE
 Deja loves it !!! Cats are finicky so you know if they like something , OR NOT . Every time I see her enjoying a drink , I think of how seldom I ever saw her drink from her old stainless steel water bowl . There was always water on the floor around it from her trying to disturb the surface and get to the water underneath so I never knew how much she actually consumed . Now she has fresh flowing water ; I KNOW that she is well hydrated and feel like a `` fit '' pet owner . She drinks from the flowing stream and the bowl , but prefers the stream . It looks like she is drinking from a water fountain , like the cats pictured in some of the reviews . I get so tickled knowing that I 've made a healthy choice that seems to make my cat happy . I told my mother that the large one would be perfect for her dog and two cats . She usually is the first to get all the latest gadgets , but this time I beat her to one . The only problem is that the motor is really difficult for me to remove . I have n't been able to manage it yet ; so I 've cleaned it very carefully with motor attached , which I would not recommend . If your pet prefers moving , fresh water , get a Drinkwell original today ! Oh , BTW , you probably wo n't beat Amazon 's price . Take it from her royal That 's - Too-High-ness .
 Easy to assemble and low sound effect . One of our cats accepted it immediately ; the other was more cautious , I guess because of the steady flow water stream and the small sound of the motor -LCB- which being a cat , is much more noticeable to him -RCB- but after a few days and careful inspections of the device , he 's ok with utilizing it . I like the ease of cleaning and the simple method of filter replacement . This product is economical and lives up to its description . One small thing , I wish the cord was 8-10 '' longer - that 's the only change I 'd like to have .
 Got this for our spoiled cat . But she loves it . Its quiet except when its low then it lets you know . You have to clean this at least once a week to keep it fresh , and unless you buy the extended reservoir you got ta add water a little water every other day . .
 Contrary to some reviews , the pump -LRB- a simple aquarium pump -RRB- was never that loud unless the water level dropped below the intake . We ran this thing almost constantly for almost 10 years , and it just konked out yesterday . We bought it originally because our older cat was diagnosed with chronic renal failure -LRB- CRF -RRB- and needed as much water as we could encourage him to drink . Of course he preferred drinking from the sink as we stood there patiently waiting for His Highness to finish . This pump system was MUCh easier for all of us . Up until the very end , Sid loved his Drinkwell , and now that it 's passed on , too , I 'm looking for our next one .
 My cat loves this . She drinks straight from the stream . I do n't know if the water tastes better , or if the fountain helps her kidney health . I just know that if she did n't like it , she would n't use it . And I 've got a basement full of old never-used cat stuff to prove it.However , cleaning this thing is a chore . Even when using theDrinkwell Pet Fountain Cleaning Kit . Despite the constantly flowing water , it still gets covered with that typical cat bowl slime . Then when you get inside , there 's some impossible to reach nooks and crannies . And after a while , that gets real nasty.But what are you gon na do ? The cat loves it . So if you love your cat , you got ta put up with the hassle .
 Cats have fragile kidneys and they often do not drink enough water to support their kidney health . We 're so happy with our Drinkwell fountain because the cats are actually attracted to drink from it . One likes to drop his toys in it , but that 's another story . It 's such an easy , quiet and well-designed unit - and it feels good to know that we 're improving the lives and health of our kitties . It does need to be taken apart every other week and cleaned out but this is not a difficult task at all . I bought a second unit for my mom and her kitty , and I plan to buy fountains for my daughter and my mother-in-law too .
 I had two primary reasons for getting this fountain . First , my cat was making a huge mess in my kitchen daily in tipping over or shoving his water bowl to get water on the floor . So far this issue has been completely resolved . Second I wanted something extra to entertain my cat while I 'm away at work . When I first set the fountain up he seemed suitably interested and entertained -LRB- I wish I had gotten a video of him sticking his paw in the pool -RRB- , but as with most cats his interest waned and he went back to pushing small objects from ledges . If you 're a hardcore animal lover and do n't care so much about color coordinating everything in your home , this fountain seems to be a great purchase . For a single small-pet home you wo n't need to purchase the additional water reservoir -LRB- which I did -RRB- . As for the life of the motor , I 've only had it for a few weeks so I ca n't speak yet as to it 's longevity . I give it 3.8 stars !
 My three cats love to drink out of and play in the faucet water . I was tired of turning on the water for them at least 3 times a day and forgetting to turn it off before I went to bed . Thus , I chose the drinkwell fountain because the cats could play in the running water like a faucet . It is excellent so far -LRB- 3 months -RRB- . Here is my experience with some of the problems people claim to have with the fountain : CLOGGING
 Ok I like this product even though it is completely unnecessary and is for no other reason than to further humanize our cats by spoiling them with pointless luxuries . I bought this in 2008 and it lasted running 24x7 until 2011 at which time the motor stopped working and I have no one to blame but myself . I accidentally submerged the entire unit while cleaning it and the motor did not start up when I plugged it back in . Happy not to have to clean the bloody thing any more I put it in the closet -LRB- when I should have chucked it away -RRB- and went on living my life . So to the title of this review ... my cat `` Poo '' will not , unless absolutely necessary , dink the still water any more . Any time we are near a faucet she paces around it demanding running water and even wakes us at 5 am with said demands , daily ! So broken down after weeks , nay Months of this behavior I called support to order a new motor . They gave me the options but before taking my hard earned $ 15 -LRB- + $ 9 for FedEx -RRB- for a new motor they told me how I might fix it , for free . A little white vinegar and some cleaning later and low and behold the motor runs again ! Sturdy product , great support but buyer beware , once your animal has been exposed to this thing they will spend the rest of their natural life chasing the proverbial dragon .
 In my earlier review , I complained that the pump was too loud , and hastily , I gave this fountain 2 stars . I take that back . Turns out that the pump/motor was defective , and the local independent pet store where I got the fountain from kindly replaced it with a new one . My cat quickly decided to like it , and I deem this is a good purchase.Be careful about the motor though . Make sure that the store you buy it from can be very helpful to replace it , or else you will need to buy a replacement pump from the vendor . The fountain is suppose to hum , not rattle , not roar , not buzz .
 Had this for 2 years and swear by it ! Initially I was not sure it was worth the price . I finally found a new one at a garage sale and could n't pass it up . The guy sold it because his 13y . o. cat would n't go near it.My cats started on this at 1 year old and 6 months old . They love it ! I do n't have a resevoir , so need to top it off about once a week . It is practically silent , except for when the water level is too low - then it 's VERY loud as it is sceaming for more water ! It is recommended to be cleaned every 2 weeks , but I often go about 2 months before it seems to get cruddy . There are 3 small pieces that clean easily enough , but the 2 chambers of the fountain need special fishtank brushes to get at well.Easily worth every penny ! I will certainly buy another at full cost when this one needs replacing.UPDATE
 I got my first one of these 7 years ago for my two cats . After running continuously for 7 years , the motor finally burned out . I 'm going to order another one since my cats like it so much . -LRB- By the way , the price has come down considerably ... I paid $ 80 for mine in 1999 ! -RRB- It works well , but as other people have stated , it does require some regular cleaning -LRB- maybe every few weeks we dump it out and wash it thoroughly -RRB- . If you check the water level every day and just top it off , it runs beautifully . Definitely worth it to keep the kitties happy !
 I had read quite a bit about this item prior to purchase . Mostly positive feedback but I was concerned about issues mentioned from people not happy such as hard to clean , noisy and clogs easy . The unit has a subtle hum to the motor which I find more soothing than annoying . I have four cats that all like it . It take some getting used to with one of my cats . I has a bit intimidated by the hum and sound of the water but adjusted within a few days . The only time it would be noisy if the pump does not have the needed water to work correctly . I 'm sure it could clog , particularly if you have pets that perhaps are long haired or shed frequently . I have not found this to be a problem . As for cleaning the unit , I do so throughly about once a week . I do n't feel it takes any amount of time to do so . I recommend purchasing the cleaning burshes which allows to get in all the hard to reach places . I also purchsed the 50 oz . add on unit , otherwise I would be filling the drinkwell a couple times a day . Perhaps given these `` extras '' that I purchased has made the difference in me being happy or unhappy with this item . The only thing I feel is somewhat of an inconvenience is the motor/power supply unit . The electrical cord runs directly from the motor into the outlet . It would make more sense to have an adapter that releases directly from the motor unit without having to drag the cord over to the sink each time a cleaning was needed . You must remove the motor to clean that weekly too . Removing and replacing the motor needs to be done with care as a couple times I did n't get it seated just right and some water leaked out around it . With all this said , I would recommend this unit . My animals love it and I am assured they are getting fresher tasting water .
 My cat Maynard would REFUSE to drink any water other than from a running water faucet . Considering the fact that I was not always available to turn on the water whenever he wished , I was worried he was n't drinking enough . This water fountain works like a charm ! He 's drinking water all the time , and never once has asked to re-visit the sink . My other cat , Elmo , does n't use it , however . I have also not encountered any problems with fur clogging the filter . And Maynard 's pretty hairy .
 All the superlatives that other reviewers have submitted are true . I 've been using this for my single cat for a month now , and it works ! On top of the feng shui-like effect of running water for humans , the cat really likes drinking from it . Also , I 'd much rather have this fountain than constantly have to leave a drip running in the bath tub for the cat.I recommend that you get the cleaning kit with the 3 brushes for this fountain , as you have to clean it every two weeks .
 This product was received exactly like presented in the ad and I am very happy with it . Simple set up , easy to use and clean . My cat is still checking it out , but still prefers drinking only from the upstairs bathroom faucet ! My daughter 's 3 cats took to it right away with no problems and she is very happy with it as well .
 Love the product , have had it for about 2 months and it works great with no problems and both my cats love it . The only downfall is the noise from the filter and if the water gets about halfway down in the dish it makes a super loud sucky noise as the fountain tries to suck it back it to circulate it . I just make sure to keep filling it every morning so it 's always up high and it 's fine .
 We have the Big Dog fountain for our Boxer and Pointer , and they love it ! Our cat loves it , too . My daughter 's chihuahua loves to drink out of it when she visits . So , we have gotten her this smaller version for Christmas ! They all love the taste of the water and howit flows out of the Drinkwell fountain .
 The fountain is very quiet , easy to install , has not leaked , maintains a steady flow , and is very sturdy . It 's not THE most fashionable , but it 's small enough to be discrete . Overall , I am very happy . My cat loves to drink from it , it was reasonably priced , and has had no leaks or other problems !
 My cat absolutely LOVES having a water fountain . This is my second Drinkwell . The first one lasted for about 4 years . I also have the extra water holder for the back . This new one however does n't work properly . After only a couple of months now it does n't want to regulate the flow . Therefore I ca n't leave the water bottle on the back . I miss having that there and now I have to add water to it daily . Whatever makes my cat happy . Not sure if I 'll try the same brand again but I 've heard of problems with Petmate too .
 My aging cat , like many others , needs to be encouraged to drink as much as possible . I read lots of reviews for cat fountains , and decided on this one -LRB- there are basically two other options that I know about . -RRB- I have a pergo floor that is n't impervious to water , so I varnished a thin 2 ` x2 ' piece of plywood to set the fountain on , to catch any random splashes.Maisie was n't sure about the thing at first , though maybe the smell of the varnish was putting her off . After a few days she has taken to it fine . I do n't know if she LOVEs it , as other owners have claimed , but she does use it , which is all I could reasonably expect.Good : - It is quiet . The motor is virtually inaudible . I do n't know why some other people complain about the humming or buzzing noise . I do n't hear a thing , and mine is sitting on a hard floor -LRB- on top of a sheet of 1/16 '' plywood . -RRB- It can make a trickling watery sound at the high setting , but apparently some people like the sound , and anyway turning down the flow almost eliminates it . - It holds a fair amount of water . I do n't have to worry about it going dry every few days as I did with the old water bowl . So Maisie always has water to drink . - Does n't splash water everywhere . In fact it does n't splash at all . The water has a landing ramp that lets it down easy . - Stable , not easy to tip over.Not so good : - It does need to be refilled every few days , not because it will run out of water , but because the impeller pump sits a fair distance above the bottom of the drinking bowl , so there has to be a fair amount of water in the bowl so the impeller -LRB- like a little paddle wheel -RRB- is n't spinning in air . The pump will complain then , making a sucking , thrumming sound . If the water level falls too low , the pump will run dry and possibly burn out , even if there is still water in the bowl . - It is n't that easy to clean . I clean mine every week or so , which seems to be often enough . It does n't take me 30 minutes as it does another reviewer , more like 10 . I do n't have the problem with cat hair -LRB- I brush Maisie twice a day -RRB- but I do get a bit of brown or pink slime -LRB- just as I did with an ordinary water bowl . -RRB- That is anaerobic bacteria , just like you get on the lower edge of your shower curtain , and it is n't dangerous to your cat . But it is icky.The fountain was designed with absolutely no thought to making it easy to clean . There are several nooks and crannies that are hard to reach and would have been easy to eliminate . For example , in the water reservoir there is a deep , round cavity about 1/2 '' in diameter and about 4 '' deep , closed at the bottom . It serves no purpose other than to align the reservoir assembly with the base , and it is continuously filled with water . To clean it well requires something like a test tube brush -LRB- long thin round brush with bristles on the end . -RRB- So instead of cleaning it with a brush , I am experimenting with simply rinsing it with white vinegar , which should kill most of the bacteria , and unlike dishwasher detergent or spray cleaners , it leaves no residue and especially , no odor -LRB- once it is rinsed away . -RRB- Or I may just use the dishwasher . The fountain is top-shelf safe , but a different plastic would have made it anywhere-safe . Also , it would be hard to position it so that it wo n't collect dishwasher water -LRB- with little bits of coffe grounds , etc. -RRB- somewhere inside.For those reasons , I give it four stars . The water filter is nice by the way , but it is quite thin and I do n't know that it does very much . Nor do I know if it is really necessary . It is supposed to remove tastes and odors , but there would n't be much in tap water , and Maisie certainly does n't mind when she drinks from the faucet . Also , it filters water that has already passed through the pump . It would have made more sense to put a screen or filter in the water flow in front of the pump where it can keep hair out of the impeller .
 Some of the negative reviews indicate that the Drinkwell is noisy . The truth is , it 's only noisy if it does n't have enough water or if the intake valve is clogged -LRB- which so far has n't caused the pump to burn out for me -RRB- . There 's a slight hum from the pump when it 's working correctly , but it will be much quieter than the other appliances in your kitchen.Cat hair and cat food can both clog the intake . So to keep it in top condition , check the water level once every day or two -LRB- or get the add-on reservoir -RRB- , place the Drinkwell several paces away from the food dish -LRB- so your cats are n't tempted to moisten their food with it -RRB- , and break down and clean the Drinkwell regularly , perhaps once a month when you change the filter cartridge .
 Every cat owner knows their pet -LRB- s -RRB- must drink plenty of water for good health . Fresh water is as necessary to your cat 's well being as good , nutritious cat food . My two certainly drink lots of water - especially in hot weather . However , stagnate water in bowls loses its freshness fast . It also accumulates cat hairs , dust and debris - not very appetizing . Drinkwell Pet Fountain for Cats encourages pets to drink all the water they need because there 's always a supply of clean flowing water . Re-circulating water , with greater exposure to oxygen , provides fresh-tasting , cool , filtered water with lots of health benefits . Encouraging cats to drink more water helps ensure proper kidney function and may decrease the incidence of urinary disease.The charcoal filter , which is a feature I really like , absorbs bad tastes and odors . The fountain has a six cup capacity , and you can purchase an additional six cup capacity with use of a refill accessory . The additional water supply is wonderful , especially if you go away for the weekend frequently.The weather has been really warm , recently , in my neck of the woods . I bought my Drinkwell Fountain at the end of April and my cats , Dapple and Max , love it . I still change the water every two days or so , wash the water dish , and I check the water level daily - but that 's me . Also , be sure to remove any pet hair that has accumulated near the intake propeller every few days . When the water level is kept above the intake valve , there is no noise except the soothing sound of flowing water.The cats are also fascinated by the running water , and just hanging out by the water fountain encourages them to drink more . Who knows what they gossip about.JANA
 My cat Toby would only drink from a slow running faucet in the bath tub and it was a problem if we wanted to leave him for a couple of days . I got this fountain over 5 years ago and it is still in great running condition . You should do general cleaning about once a week and do a complete cleaning about twice a year . Remove any pet hair that has accumlated near the intake propeller every couple of days with just a swipe of your finger . As long as the water level is kept above the intake valve it is VERY QUIET and soothing . If you do n't mind keeping a water dish clean and do n't mind doing a little routine maintenance from time to time then this is the water bowl for you . I HIGHLY recommend the water reservoir as the water will last about a week . This is the best price around for this item .
 I own a Petmate Drinking Fountain that has a slide for the water that my cat loves . Then I saw for about the same price this ` Drinkwell ' machine , which has a waterfall instead of a slide . My cat likes it more -LRB- she actually paws the water -RRB- . It is more like a real faucet like where she hangs out in the bathtub . The storage tank is also much larger than the Petmate making for less refills . I wish I had waited a bit to buy this one . The more water a cat -LRB- or any pet -RRB- drinks , the healthier they are .
 The one I have did come with instuctions . Some of the complaints I 've read , tell me others are n't using it properly . Its not meant for a dishwasher . You could ruin it . Its noisy only if you do n't have enough water in both the dish and the top where the filter goes . The added water tank in the back keeps you from having to move it and refill it all the time . When it gets empty , I like to refill and freeze it , that way my cats get ice cold water for a day or 2 as it melts . Its cut down on the time I used to spend refilling a water dish and cleaning it everyday . You only have to clean this thing every other week -LRB- that is if you do n't have a cat that spills the water everywhere and plays in it -RRB- . If you get the cleaning kit , it has all the brushes and clear and comprehensive instructions on how to clean it . I found if you get the extra stuff for it , it is very easy to use and maintain .
 I bought a water/feeder from Walmart that hooked up a 2-Liter bottle in order to keep the water filled up . One , you have to change it everyday because it gets really nasty fast . And two , my cats started knocking it around and watching the water spill down the floor . I was browsing different fountains and came across this one . I went ahead on impulse and bought it . After about 5 minutes , two out of three cats were already drinking out of the waterfall part and then the third cat took about a week before she started lapping out of the bowl . I have to clean it twice a week or it gets a scum line and I try to take extra care making sure no hair wraps around the motor . They do n't knock it around even though it seems it would be easy to , and they do n't stick things in the water like they used to . Only thing they 've done is push the top off several times so I tape it shut when I 'm done cleaning it . Also , my cats drink so much water now , they seem happier and healthier . Definitely worth it if you want to give your cats everything they need .
 I had a Drinkwell for many years , my cat loved it , after it broke she was sitting on the kitchen counter waiting for me to turn on the faucet so she could get a drink . When I saw this one available for such a reasonable price I ordered it immediately . Actually my cat Princess was the helper when I opened & got it going , she immediately started drinking from it , which I am happy about , I am always concerened that she is getting enough water especially during the summer . It is low maintenance , just clean it with soap & water once a week . You just have to make sure the dish is full of water are it will let you know it is low , & can get abit loud , but if you keep it full no problem . I might add alot of my friends ordered a Drinkwell also & are very happy .
 The fountain works great , keeps the water clean , easy to clean and maintain . However , the filter is problematic in that a lot of charcoal makes its way into the water . So you have to change the water more often than necessary . But my cats love it .
 After reading many reviews , I finally decided to order the Drinkwell OriginalPet Fountain . My cat drinks a lot of water and is always trying to drink from `` inappropriate '' places , even though I keep two water dishes filled for her.I found the Drinkwell easy to assemble and it 's also easy to clean and fill . As someother reviewers noted , it was a bit noisy at first . And if it is n't kept fullenough , it will be loud . But mostly the gentle sound is like an indoorfountain should be . I find it soothing -LRB- a plus for me I had n't counted on -RRB- andam thrilled that miss Fussy Kitty likes to drink from it . I 'm happy with itfor the price and feel I 've done something special and healthy for my finefeline companion which we can both enjoy .
 I absolutely love this Pet Fountain !!! I inherited a cat that was used to jumping on the bathroom counter and drinking water straight from the faucet , which drove me NUTS ! A friend of mine told me about the Pet Fountain so I decided to give it a try ... I 'm glad I did !!! : -RRB-
 This is my second Drinkwell purchase . After several years ... and a lot of use ... the first one began leaking at the bottom . This one was ordered and received in no time at all , in perfect condition . A real time saver for anyone with pets .
 One of my cats likes to play in the water and the other one takes a drink like he is suppose to . It was a big hit from the start
 The water fountain is wonderful - just a little noisy - I have to keep it outside on the porch , but other than that it is great .
 My cat absolutely loves his fountain . Honestly , I thought getting a fountain for my pet was a little ridiculous , but I could n't get him to drink enough water and it was causing health problems . Now he drinks water all the time . The unit is very quiet -LRB- just a slight bit of a humming noise -RRB- and I only have to refill it a little bit every few days . I passed on the extra capacity fountain and glad I did - I do n't think you really need it , especially for a single cat . Good tip with the icecubes ! Dropping a few in cools the water , which my cat really likes .
 We have had this fountain in our house for several years now , and really like it , so does the cat . I recently bought another one for our vacation place . What they say about not letting the unit run dry , because the motor will burn out is true . I can attest to that . I suggest getting the large auxiliary tank to go with it . That way the water will last about two weeks , depending upon thirst , humidity , and temperature . If you go away , and have someone coming in to look after your cat while you area away , you do n't have to worry about their forgetting or not understanding the fountain because it will last so long . Go ahead and get the biggest extra tank .
 This product is great ! It keeps the water fresh and it is easy to clean and I know my cat has better water available . it was just what I had hoped for after shopping around . i am very pleased and now tha my cat is used to it he loves it too !
 Great fountain . Seems well made . Very good price at Amazon . Quick delivery . Now if we can only get the cat to drink from it .
 My cat would only drink from the bathroom faucet so I always left it on with a slow drip . I turned the faucet off when I got the fountain . Well , my cat would not drink out of it . He would go back in the bathroom and sit on the sink and stare at the turned off faucet . It has a low humming noise so I thought maybe he had to get used to that . So , what I did was put the fountain on the sink in the bathroom and kept both the faucet dripping and the fountain running . After a week , I turned the faucet off again and he was drinking out of the fountain . I noticed that he does drink more water which is great . Now I just have to move it out of the bathroom ...
 I have had the drinkwell original pet fountain for over a week . Purchased it for my cats who would not drink out of their water dish - only out of the sink ! One of my cats would wait at my bathroom sink for me to turn on the faucet so they could drink out of the running water . This product has changed that ! Now they have their own running water ! I would highly recommend getting the reservoir . The unit makes a loud sucking noise when the water level gets too low . It happened to us one morning , when I forgot to add water and it freaked the cat out ! She drinks out of it now , but it took her a little while to warm back up to it.It is very easy to clean and the filter keeps the water nice and fresh . The noise level is low and you can adjust the speed of the water flow . Best part - my cats do not come begging for water at the sink anymore ! They are not knocking down my water glasses in search of fresh water either !
 Excellent product , cats drink readily from it and is always fresh . Clean it once a week .
 First time my cat has not drank out of the sink since she was born ... this is great ! No telling what it will save on my water bill since our cat would drink for 10 minutes at a time !
 Well , checked out a bunch of these drinking fountains on-line prior to purchase . This was a really nice deal ! I also ordered cleaning brushes and reservoir . Absolutely must get a reservoir . I do n't even have to look at it for days at a time . Rocky , my 18 lb fatty from Cincinnati , uses it frequently . I do keep the cleaning directions in the kitchen cause I am not so savvy with taking stuff apart and putting it back together , but it 's really not hard . I use filtered water from my fridge so not really needing to change but every 1-2 wks right now . I do think Rocky drinks more even though I do n't see it cause he does n't bug me so much now when I 'm in the bathroom to get a `` drink from the sink '' . Anyway , nice product , quiet and easy to use .
 My cat is 13 years old and since he 's been about 3 months old would not drink water out of a bowl . To encourage him to drink water , I started picking him up and putting him on the bathroom sink , turning the water on trickle for him . I have since tried many , many different `` fountains '' and ended up returning every one of them . He would n't even go near any of them.Now that he 's older and having a hard time jumping down from the sink , I decided to try the Drinkwell and lo and behold he drank out of it the minute I put it on the floor . I 'm very happy and I think he is too because he does n't have to wait for me to turn on the faucet . I never was able to teach him to turn it on himself.Mine does make a humming sound , but I do n't care . I 'm just happy he 's drinking out of it . Having it make a gurgling sound when the water is low is a plus , I think , even though it woke me up a few times in the middle of the night ;-RRB- . At least you do n't have to worry about running out of water ... it 's kinda like an alarm.Thank you Drinkwell !
 Way back in 1997 , my vet recommended I buy this fountain for my male cat who was suffering from crystals in his urine , in part from not drinking enough water . He was a finicky drinker , and if the water was more than 12 hours old , he would n't drink it . Back then , there were very few places that sold this fountain and it was expensive . I ordered it from a Drs. Foster and Smith catalog , and I seem to remember it cost more than $ 70 after shipping , which was a lot to a poor college student . But I thought it would be cheaper than vet bills and if anything would stop Dragon 's painful urinary problems , I would try it -LRB- I also changed his to a non-seafood based food , which helped -RRB- . Long story short , he and his brother both loved it , he never had another kidney related vet appointment again , and he died at the ripe old age of 14 from natural causes . This same fountain is now living on through another generation of cats who also love it , and it just keeps on pumping . I admit I am not the most diligent about cleaning it . It gets a rinse once a month and a full breakdown cleaning in the dishwasher -LRB- with the pump removed and the clear pastic reservior handwashed -RRB- every two months or so . I change the filter once per month . I 've never had to replace a single part , even the pump . It 's all original 1997 vintage parts , does n't even look like the new version anymore , no logo or anything . :-RRB- My DH says it looks ugly from the limescale build-up around the bowl that will NOT come off -LRB- we have hard water -RRB- and he suggested we buy one of those fancy-schmancy bubbly dome ones for our ridiculously pampered kitties . It 's not gon na happen . If this fountain EVER ACTUALLY DIES , I will be loyal to both the manufacturer and the vendor I bought it from and buy another one just like it from the same place . If you have any doubts about buying this , do n't worry , just press `` Add To Cart . ''
 My cat wont drink from her water dish , ever . She has alwasy preferred the bathroom sink . since she is getting older , i really wanted to protect her urinary health , so i purchased this water fountain . She actually drinks from this ! Now i dont have to worry that she is going without water when i am not at home . Great prioduct . It makes a nice running water sound , doesnt drip or leak . it 's great !
 My cat loves this water fountain . She likes to watch the water running out the spout , it facinates her .
 This is the second Drinkwell fountain we 've had for our cats . The first one lasted 8 + years until one of the impeller blades broke . The plastic had become discolored so we decided to get a new unit rather than just replace the impeller . The new one runs quiet and I hope it lasts just as long .
 I had the other type with the big dome and it was much harder to refill and clean . This one is a snap to both clean and refill .
 I swear by this fountain ! My cats love it - no more `` swimming '' in their bowls making a mess all over the floor . My dog loves it ; he no longer has to have multiple bowls to drink out of . We like it so much my mother now has one for each of her cats , and everyone is so much healthier ! They now come with the extra canister in the box - when I first bought it they sold it separately , making it a pricier deal - but still worth it.I have had to buy replacement parts from the Drinkwell website and had no difficulty using them.It makes everyone want to drink more and the noise level is rather low - kind of like a having a tabletop fountain -LRB- on the floor of course -RRB- . I have a fish tank ad would say they both make about the same amount of noise . Due to Denver 's drier climate , I do feel I fill it more but that 's not a big deal for me.Washing it out is a little tough but once you get used to it , it really is simple - the filters are inexpensive and easy to find . I do recommend buying the brushes to clean it , unless you happen to have some lying around - some of the areas are hard to reach.I tried another type of fountain that did n't pour out , and it was terrible
 Great item and my cats love it . I do not use the filters as they are not necessary . If you are concerned about the water quality , then use drinking water instead . The only reason why I gave it 4 stars , is because its a pain to clean and you have to take it completely apart every month because hair and fibers get stuck in the filter housing cap and around the impeller . When I clean it , I soak all the parts in hot water with 1/4 ratio of white vinegar . White vinegar is a non-toxic , anti-bacterial cleaner that is safe for pets . I use it to clean all my pet bowls every once in a while.Anyhow , I would recommend this to people who have cats that like falling water ... mine do , so that is why I bought it . But I 've had cats before with a plain water bowl which did the job . In essence , I do not believe this enhances the cats desire to drink more . If you want your cat or dog to live a longer , healthy life , then change their food to good quality , natural , and grain-free food . Like Evo or Wellness . Not food you can buy at Walmart or Target . I also like how you can buy replacement parts online at
 I like this fountain , it is what I was looking for , but my cat still will not drink out of this or any other bowl . I never see her drinking from anything . I will continue to have this fountain run in the hope she will come around , it has run for 2 days now and she is n't even interested in checking it out but she loves the box it came in .
 Cats love it . Sometimes they drink from the flowing water directly , sometimes from the bowl . Only had it a week , only complaint if that is that it 's noisier than I expected . You can turn the water speed up so you get more fountain sound than pump sound , but I liked the lower water setting for the cats.Update 4/2011 . Bowl developed a microcrack after afew months . Called VV customer service , they were very friendly and helpful . Had a new bowl in less than a week.Update 5/2011 . Broke motor casing on new bowl . Turns out it was the motor casing that was misshapen and probably caused crack in old bowl , as new motor fit right into new bowl 1,000 times easier than old motor ever fit into either.Great , quick customer service both times .
 this is my second one of these and my cats love it . it keeps water moving and filters it also . it is great
 Here is my quick review ... I have a high maintenance cat though for starters so he 's more picky about some things other cats might not care about.The motor is a tiny bit louder than I would hope for , but not too bad.The water fountain part would be better if I could adjust it to a much lighter stream of water.I was worried at first because he was n't interested . But after about 2 weeks , he finally got comfortable with it . My advice if you purchase is to not give up if you cat does n't like it right away . Just leave it running in your house anyway until the cat gets used to it .
 All 3 cats love it . Gets enough water into them to keep them healthy even with dry food . Even Miss skittish Sassy has warmed up to it .
 I purchased the original Drinkwell fountain in April 2010 . I was worried that it would be noisy but it 's not bad . It does hum , maybe like a bumble bee , but put a rubber mat under it , as the vendor suggests , and I think it would be quiet . The fist day or so of operation the cats were suspicious and so did n't want much to do with it . But things quickly changed and now they love drinking water from the stream and batting at it . The fountain is easy to clean and almost completely breaks apart for this purpose . I 'd recommend that when you purchase the fountain you also purchase the brush cleaning kit . The brushes in this kit are made specially for accessing the hard-to-reach areas of the unit and so , in my opinion , pay for themselves quickly . I had a hard time quickly finding brushes locally that were satisfactory . The pump motor design is such that it should last a long time . Some people complained about leaks but I have n't seen any . I guess if you did n't reattach the motor properly to the housing after cleaning this might be an issue . The cats are drinking more water and seem to be doing better as a result . This was a good investment .
 This is the second drinkwell that we have purchased - the first failed at a year and a half old when the motor mount chipped and started leaking - well worth the price as both cats use it frequently - added the 70 oz reservoir so we did n't have to refill it every day - good investment .
 I just received this product and it starting leaking from the second I turned it on . I followed the direction as to what to do if this happened and it still leaked . I noticed that the main part that keeps the unit from leaking -LRB- the o ring -RRB- was not made very well.I called the phone number listed on the instructions and explained to the person who answered that the unit starting leaking from the time I turned it on . Without even mentioning the o ring problem , she immediately told me that they were having problems with the o ring and that they would have to send me a new unit . I forwared my receipt to them and was told that I should receive my new Drinkwell fountain in about 10 days . The o rings probably cost them about 5 cents a piece so you would think that they would spend a few more pennies to buy the main part that keeps the water fountain from leaking . I now have to wait another 10-14 days before I can see if this product will entice my dog to drink more water.I will print a update after I receive my new fountain . I gave it 2 stars for now because it did seem to work and it did n't make much noise.After a week I received , not a new unit but a new motor . This one also leaked worse than the first one . I called them back and they apologize to me and sent out a completely new unit this time , and this one actually works fine.Well low and behold my dog , who hardly ever drank any water , now drinks throughout the day . Mission accomplished.I would recommend this unit to anyone who has a dog who does n't drink enough water . I connected it to a small GE 24 hour timer so it turns on early in the morning and then turns off late a night while he is sleeping in bed with us . I have not found cleaning to be a problem and the noise that it makes is not that bad . It is sitting right next to me by the breakfast room table as I am writing this .
 My mother got me this as a gift when I expressed an interest in a cat fountain for my cat 's health - she had one for her cats and was quite pleased with it.Out of the box I made sure to clean it go get rid of any factory residue , as cats can be very picky about their water . Read the instructions , set it up and filled it up . My cats are a bit skiddish -LRB- one will run from toys as they 're scary to her -RRB- so at first they were a bit startled , then curious . One of them took to the fountain next day , drinking right from the stream . The other one , who is scared easily , took a few weeks to get use to it . She kept trying to drink from the body of water in the front so she 'd get water coming down from the stream on her head , so it put her off . Eventually she got over it - she still drinks from the bottom but does so on the side . Cat 's preference I suppose.You do need to watch the water levels in the bowl . If you set the stream control to be low you can refill it less often . Once the water gets low enough the pump has difficulty sucking it up , it will make loud humming , thrumming , and sputtering noises . Otherwise the motor is silent - all I hear is the trickle of water . The instructions warn if you let it run dry it could damage or break the pump . I usually refill the water level to just above the circular pump plug - you do n't have to unplug it and take it to the sink . Merely fill up a tall glass of water and dump it into the bowl . I 've had no clogging or splashing issues.I clean the fountain and change out the water about once a week . This is impressive considering how picky cats are about their water - when I used a glass bowl I had to change and rinse the bowl every day or they would n't touch it . I do n't get much fur -LRB- thank you Furminator ! -RRB- or food in there , even though it 's right bedside the food bowl - mostly random debris . I clean mine in the sink by hand with hot water , dish soap , and a brush scrubber . There are a few places that are a little harder to clean - for this I use a toothbrush that I put dish soap on and it works fine , but you may wish to invest in a proper pipe cleaner.I would recommend this product ! Cats need lots of water , especially if you chose to have them on a dry diet -LRB- which really is n't healthy at all , but I wo n't get into that -RRB- . At the same time they 're picky about their water quality and this helps maintain water quality and interest .
 Works well . Could be a smig quieter . But for the most part , I like it . And it does n't freak out the pets , that 's key .
 Dear Drinkwell , I 've been a cat owner for 5 years this spring and have to fully recommend this item . Cats need clean water ; I drink filtered water and so should my cat ! Right away my cat my can was intrigued by the fountain and has been drinking more water ever since . Trey , -LRB- cat -RRB- and I thank you Drinkwell!Sincerely , Charles ScottPet Owner
 This fountain is not noisy at all ! Depending on the water level , a `` trickling '' sound can be heard , but as long as the water level is a kept a little higher all you really hear is the hum of the motor . We have ours in our living room , and it 's not noticeable enough to want to move it . The cleaning is somewhat of a hassle , but most parts are dishwashable and with an old toothbrush and small round brush I can get everywhere.The cats were skeptical for about a day and now they refuse to drink out of their regular bowl , so this fountain is a keeper :-RRB- .
 This fountain is amazing ! I originally purchased this on eBay for $ 50 for my 1 year old kitten who has a kidney disease . I was told by my vet that in order to prevent kidney stones he needed to drink triple the amount of water that he was consuming . Since he was n't really drinking from his bowl this seemed like the perfect idea . He loves it ! He 's at his fountain multiple times a day . The constant running water keeps the water from becoming stagnant and slimy , and it also grabs his attention every time he walks by . I 've had this fountain for about 5 months now and have n't had any problems . I keep it running 24/7 , it 's quiet and actually very calming ! When it 's low on water you can hear it ` gurgle ' a bit so you know when you need to refill it . The filters come in a three pack for around $ 10 and are changed every few months . This fountain is LESS work than a small bowl of water . This fountain has saved my kitten 's kidneys and I am amazed on how much water he drinks now . I HIGHLY recommend this fountain .
 Purchasing and using this product has been an experience , to say the least.Did everything I was supposed to do following directions . At first , the motor was almost silent , which was great but as the first day wore on so did an annoying and ever increasing hum in the motor . Sent the unit back and was pleased to receive a replacement within 2 days , so that was nice . Filled it up , plugged it in and no annoying motor noise . Cleaned unit after about 1-1/2 weeks . Disassembled , cleaned as directed , filled it up and again came that annoying motor noise . After a very careful inspection of unit I came to find out that it was not the motor making the dreaded , noisy hum but the vibration of the body and top , which come apart to clean , making the noise . I then used tape , to pull the body to the base and top to the body , together . Horray ! No more hum ! My cat loves it ! She drinks out of the Drinkwell all the time and no more waking me up in the middle of the night to get a drink from the faucet . Also , I read a lot of reviews and I see a lot of people have a hard time keeping the unit clean . My recommendation is to use a half mixture of soapy water and half hydrogen peroxide for cleaning the motor and plastic unit . Pour straight hydrogen peroxide through the filter and make sure to rinse EVERYTHING extremely well , especially the filter ! DO NOT USE BLEACH !!! Bleach residue can hurt or kill your pet ! Hydrogen peroxide works better , and kills germs and bacteria , thus hampering re-growth of mold and mildew . It may cost a few dollars more per month , but is worth it to keep your kitty happy and healthy!FOLLOW UP 11/20/10 : Continued using product but used only distilled water to keep the algea from forming so quickly . Disassembling every 1 to 1-1/2 weeks became a chore and the motor became more and more difficult to get out each time , skinning my knuckels . Finally the unit started leaking . The unit has an O ring that is an odd ball size and could not get a replacement so I used an O ring from hardware store that was just a few milimeters larger than the original . Coated the O ring with olive oil , put the motor in and plastic casing cracked . Agghhh ! Ending up using JB Weld to fix it and permanantly sealed the motor in with JB Weld . Wll probably throw it out soon and replace with Pioneer Pet 6022 Ceramic Drinking Fountain , but that 'll probably break too , being that we live in such a disposable society .
 This is a great , durable fountain . We bought ours back in 2008 for our 3 cats and it 's still going strong , almost 5 years later ! Just be sure that you are able to clean it every couple or few weeks . It requires taking it apart and just cleaning out the mechanisms - maybe about 15 minutes of work at the most . Be sure to watch the water levels as well , otherwise it will make a noise if it drops below a certain level . With 3 cats who love to drink , we usually wind up filling it up with water every morning.If anyone is unsure whether their cat will use it , I assure you they will . Two of our cats were not afraid of it and drank out of it immediately . The third cat is a very timid cat , and it took a few days for her to finally have the courage to go near it . Now she loves it , and sometimes dips her paw into the bowl and scoops the water up that way into her mouth .
 This pet fountain has an adjustable speed for the water spout . It is very quiet and Charlie the cat loves it !
 I purchased this cat fountain for a 10 year old cat , that I felt did n't drink enough water . I liked it very much and if my cat would drink from it it would have been great , but no amount of coaxing would make him drink from it . I knew when I ordered it it would be a gamble , but I had to try it . All in all it is a good fountain .
 I bought this fountain because my vet told me my Alfie -LRB- 8 year old cat -RRB- needed to drink more water . And I think Alfie does drink more water now . So that , in and of itself is a major PRO for this product . Now , here are the CONS :1 -RRB- It 's a chore to clean . And clean it you must -LRB- at the very least every 2 weeks -RRB- or else it will get very slimy and gross . My husband and I dismantle this pet fountain every week and run it through the dishwater , so that it 's completely sanitize . We even take the motor and clean it with a q-tip . We have found that doing this gets it very clean for the week . -LRB- BTW , there is no way getting around the sliminess , because of the bacteria in our pet 's saliva -RRB- 2 -RRB- Not only is it a chore to clean ... it 's extremely hard to to dismantle the thing -LRB- particularly the motor -RRB- in order to run it through the dishwasher . Trying to rotate and then wiggle the motor to pop it out of the plastic every week is a huge pain.Even through all of this , my cat does drink more water and it is still working -- has n't broken once , which was really surprising .
 The fountain appears to be working well , although it makes a little bit of noise even when the reservoir is full . The reservoir is easy to fill . It took my cats some getting used to . I still do n't think they like it as much as the fountain we bought from Petsmart but they will use this as a 2nd choice .
 My one cat is obsessed with this water fountain . She spends hours lying next to it sipping water . My friend has leaking problems with his , but I have never had that issue . Good product .
 My cats will sit and watch the water . they seem to drink more than before with just a bowl . The water stays clean longer , but you do have to be careful not to let it run low .
 I was n't sure my cat would go for the fountain since he had had nothing like it before , but after some time he took to it . Now , he drinks a lot more than he used to ; he loves the running water .
 Now if I could keep the cats from using this as a place to wash their feet ... Thank heavens it 's easy to clean and the cats prefer the running water to a dish . We do n't waste water turning on the bathroom sink and forgetting about it !
 cats love the dish but it is kind of a pain to wash . I would buy it again though . Feels like I have spoiled kitties : - -RRB-
 When I took my cat to the vet for health check , I mentioned he does not like to drink out of a dish , only running water . I found this annoying since all the cat 's I grew up with always drank out of a dish . The vet said I should try a Drinkwell . She told me to get a cheaper one just to see if this will cure his bathroom sink visits . It did . I was really surprised . He stopped going to the sink and only drinking from the Drinkwell . I 've had this product for 3 months and have had no problems . I clean it once a month , even though they say I do n't have too . Have had no problems and I 've recommended it to all friends who have cats . even a few dog owners .
 My two cats drink water more often now that we have the fountain -LRB- based on litter box observations ! -RRB- . No more jumping into the sink to try to lick running water . The motor is a bit loud -LRB- thus only 4 stars -RRB- , so I had to move the fountain out of the kitchen . Easy to clean and directions indicate you DO NOT need to use with filters -LRB- which are VERY expensive -RRB- . My cats did n't change their drinking habits when I stopped using the filter .
 First I must say that my cat LOVES it . His water consumption has most certainly increased as evidenced by what he leaves in the litter box . The fountain comes apart for cleaning and fits in my dishwasher well . The unit is wide and stable to prevent it from being pushed over . I do wish it held more water . I only have one cat and felt I needed to buy the additional reservoir .
 My cat loves to drink water trickling from the faucet . This is the perfect alternative as he can have a drink anytime he wants without waiting for someone to turn on the faucet .
 This has worked well since I got it . The adjustable stream is a bonus . I have a cat that has managed to dismantle every watering dish I 've tried but he has not yet been able to take this one apart . I have n't tried to clean it yet but the water still looks clear .
 WOW ! I do n't even know where to start or how to give a Rave review , but I have been wanting to get this for sometime and finally broke down and bought the drink well pet water bowl . I am so pleased with this product , I am not sure how long this will work but for now it is so awesome my cat always jumped on counters to get to the sink , bathtub any where to drink from running water . Now he wo n't leave HIS drink well , he fights with the dogs over drinking . :--RRB- I wonder if he is going to blow up from drinking so much water . They have been needing to drink more water never thought a water bowl would make this much difference , I would recommend this to any one who has animals who drink water ! I filter our tap water with a Brita then it get filtered in the drink well so I believe my pets are getting a better to grade of water than us.thanks so much for the speedy delivery and the packing was top notch . Doc , Vinnie and Arnold also would love to thank everyone involved and to tell all pet owners if you love your pets you will get them a Drinkwell
 My dogs water was getting slimy and stinky , even if we changed and washed it daily . We were giving him filtered water already , but it just did n't seem healthy . This is perfect . It is easy to assemble and keeps the water moving . He has honestly drank more water since we got it .
 We bought the Drinkwell Original Pet Fountain to simplify our neighbors feeding our cats while we were away . It works great ! And now the cats wo n't drink any other way . This is my 2nd drinkwell as I warped the first in the dish washer . We do n't use the top because one of our cats insists on knocking it off . Best prices here on products and filters .
 I 've had a pet water fountain from another company that burned out with-in a month of bringing it home . So I was a bit nervous to try the Drinkwell . I 've had this water fountain for almost a year and have never had a problem with it . I have four cats and they love this water fountain . It 's extremely easy to take apart and clean -LRB- which should be done about once a month to keep it running smoothly -- and to keep the water clean and fresh for pets -RRB- , and when full is very quiet . There is a cleaning kit sold separately that makes washing a breeze . I have and will continue to recommend this product to friends and family .
 It took my cat 3 days to get acustomed to this fountain and is now using it regularly . It is very quiet to run but I do n't know yet about the impact to my electric usage .
 Our problem was our two cats playing in the water bowl , no matter what size or type of bowl we tried . One cat also kept knocking the bowl off the mat and spilling water all over the wood floor . The fountain completely solved their water bowl antics . They both drink from the stream and can not tip or move the fountain so no spillage . And since one cat continues to stick his front paws in water I think the moving , filtered water keeps their drinking water cleaner .
 I got this fountain because one of my young kittens liked to climb into my bathroom sink and drink from the faucet . While now my much more ancient cat seems to use it more , I see the younger cats use it as well . The machine is practically silent when filled with water , and when the fluid runs low , you can hear the pump start to pull air , which gives you good feedback as to when to refill.Overall , a useful product that the cats enjoy .
 Every pet deserves this WONDERFUL PET FOUNTAIN ! If you love your pet then you should definately buy this . My cat always loved water but it 's so easy now with this fountain . It keeps water flowing and your pet can drink whenever they want . I would highly recommend you buy the additional 70 oz . reservoir also . This is the best invention ever for your pet . Hope everyone will get their pet one .
 I bought the Drinkwell fountain about a year ago -LRB- without the reservoir -RRB- and I am very pleased with it so far . We have three cats , two of whom previously only wanted to drink from the faucet , and all three of them are using the fountain . The best part is they are drinking more water now then they used to when we used water bowls , which is especially important because one of our cats has had urinary tract problems in the past.A few important things to note : - When I first set up the fountain , my cats were a little apprehensive . If your pets are scared at first , set the flow rate on the lowest setting and place it near their food so they get used to it . - Some reviewers have complained about the noise . My fountain only makes noise when the water level is getting too low - it is a sort of indicator . If the fountain has sufficient water , it should be very quiet . - Get the large reservoir ! I went a year without any reservoir and it got quite annoying to have to top up the water every couple days . I now use the 70 oz reservoir and I have to refill much less frequently . - The manual says that the fountain should be cleaned about once a month . My fountain gets quite dirty with three cats using it , and I recommend at least a cursory cleaning every couple weeks . It can be quite a chore to clean it , unfortunately -LRB- A tip for cleaning inside the motor - Q-tips ! -RRB- Still , the Drinkwell fountain is one of the best purchases I 've ever made for my cats . It 's quiet , does n't take up much space , does n't splash and encourages pets to drink more water so they stay hydrated . I would never go back to `` the bowl '' !
 I 've really enjoyed our Drinkwell , but our cats have liked it even more . We introduced it and they completely stopped drinking from all of their other water dishes . One cat even started taking her naps while curled up against the fountain.That said , an important thing to know is that you can wash almost the entire fountain in your dishwasher . Just remove the motor with a simple twist , and then everything that 's left can be put in the dishwasher . Their website recommends using the top rack . Also , if you bought the extra reservoir add-on , they say that should only be hand-washed .
 Love the idea of my cats having fresh filtered water everyday . Took my cats a few days to get used to it and now they love it . Would definetly buy it again .
 The Drinkwell cat fountain has been worth the investment . I 've had it for more than a month , and it has worked very well . It is quiet , and the cats drink from it frequently during the day . It 's reassuring to know that they are getting higher quality , filtered water to drink without having to go to a lot of trouble . Cleaning it is a pretty simple process .
 best invention ever for cats , keeps food and hair out of water and they love the flowing fresh water .
 This is a wonderful item for multiple cats . My wife and I have four cats and a dog and this saves a lot of time filling the water bowl and making sure that they animals do n't run out of fresh water . My only criticism is that on our hardwood floors it makes a noticeable humming sound that I would suspect is not the case on a carpeted surface . Once you get used to this low hum it fades into the background and you will only notice when it is not turned on and the humming is gone . Although it took the cats some time before they actually used it they now prefer this fountain to their other water bowl . If you have multiple animals be sure to get the large add-on reservoir so you are not filling it everyday .
 My cat was notorious for knocking of glasses of water , jumping in the tub after showering and sitting in the sick all so that he caould get some truly fresh water . This fountain has satisfied his quench . It is non-intrusive , easy to clean and the cat loves it ! He even figured out how to change the water flow . The flowing water sound takes some getting used to because I thought I was leaving the sink on the first few days . I would highly recommend this product for the health and happiness of your pet .
 The fountain has been well received by our two cats . The vet told us they needed to drink more water and this unit has certainly helped them do so . The only complaint I have is that the lid on the unit should be more secure , possibly snap in place better . Our cats both put their paw in spout area and pop off the lid to see where the water is coming from . Then they can pull out the filter . No harm done , except has to be put back together again . Guess duck tape would help .
 When my cat Frank was only a couple years old , I had his bloodwork done . His kidney function was abnormal . I knew that he needed to be drinking more water because I hardly ever saw him drink out of the bowl , which I was constantly refilling . So , to help Frank 's kidneys I searched online and ran across the Drinkwell . I have had it now for at least 7-8 years and it is working like a champ . Frank loves it . Guess what , at age eleven Frank 's kidneys are in great shape , due to the fountain , I have no doubt.I also bought the additional reservoir later on so I do n't have to check it so often . I check the intake area to make sure no hair is clogging it . I clean it out thoroughly by filling it completely up with vinegar and letting it run for a couple hours . It 's sparkling clean then and free of any hard water residue . I rinse it out multiple times after that . I ca n't recommend this enough . If your cat has an interest in running water , I guarantee he/she will use this and love it.Update
 Drinkwell is great . The bowl is very deep so the cats ca n't knock it over like the Petmate model . Very easy to take apart and clean weekly . Motor comes out and apart quickly for cleaning . The fountain noise is louder than the Petmate , but it 's a fountain noise not a motor noise . Bought the add on tank . No `` dry sucking noise '' . I should have bought this one a long time ago instead of dealing with the constant problems with the Petmate . Again , none of that annoying `` dry sucking noise '' . Also , per the directions , you do n't have to use the filters if you are using filtered water at home .
 This fountain is great . Unfortunately , my cat is terrified of it , I have no idea why , and I 've tried everything to attract him to it . I bought the hydroponic grass attachment , which works really well , and he did gnaw on the grass a few times . But he refuses to drink . In any case , I am keeping the fountain because I have come to love the sound of running water in the background , it 's very soothing .
 My kitty likes to lap at the running water in the bathroom sink ; so I figured I 'd buy him his own bowl that he could drink from without getting into trouble for being on the counter.I did a lot of research before selecting a water fountain for my cat because I wanted to make sure that I found something that did not require a lot of maintenance.We both love his new Drinkwell fountain . I read a lot of reviews that said it was awkward to clean because you have to take it apart . It is actually very easy to take apart to clean . I rinse out the bowl every few days and have only had to clean the actual pump once so far . -LRB- I 've owned it for several weeks -RRB- One thing I am doing so as to avoid hard water buildup is I am using only bottled water -LRB- inexpensive spring water in gallons works great -RRB- . The water where I live is very hard and I know it would wreak havoc on the pump . I 've had it for several weeks now and have cleaned the pump once and have not noticed any buildup whatsoever.You may think that bottled water is silly but if you are willing to pay $ 35 and up for a water fountain for your cat , what 's a few more cents each week for bottled water to keep it running great and make your life easier as well ? I will also extend the life of the pump.I would highly recommend this product .
 My cat loves this fountain . It had a very slight leak near the motor at first , but a little vaseline aound the seal took care of it . My cat would only drink from the faucet and I knew he was n't getting enough water . This fountain was my miracle . Thank you !
 i have not yet attempted to clean this thing ... I 'm not looking forward to it -- based on other peoples ' reviews . It 's loud enough that we were n't able to keep it upstairs , but we managed to find a pretty good spot for it and my cat uses it .
 I have a 5 year old yellow tabby that doesnt act anything like a cat . For the past 4 years he has refused to drink anywhere but the bathtub faucet . I 've had to leave it dripping 24-7 so he would have water . Unfortunately , he has had 2 blockages on me and is now on an expensive diet and not allowed to drink unfiltered water . I have purchased several fountains before and he would never use them . Although I 've never seen him drink from it ... I know he is getting plenty of water :-RRB- -LRB- he has no other access to water because I have to make sure every faucet is off and keep toilet closed -RRB- . He is very finicky and let 's me know when it 's getting dirty because he will start going back to the tub . I find i can go a week without cleaning as long as you regularly refresh the water . When its time to clean it 's pretty easy to take apart , clean , then reassemble . MAKE SURE IT 'S COMPLETELY FULL OF WATER IN BOTH COMPARTMENTS OR IT WILL MAKE NOISE . If it does start making more than usual noise , I unplug it , add more water -LRB- give it a few minutes unplugged -RRB- then plug back in and I find the noise goes away .
 I used to have this back home in Italy and both my cats LOVED it!I finally purchased another one now that I live in the States , and my cats were so happy to see it . They immediately went there to drink . This will save their and my summer.I love it . I love that it has a filter . I still use the water from the Brita though , rather than the tub water . I think that an extra purification of the water can only benefit.I just wish it could contain more water.Still loving it .
 I really like this product . It seemed like I was always having to clean the water bowls out because the cats like to dip their paws in them , and then there was hair and junk floating around . Also the bowls seemed kind of slimy on the sides even if it had only been a couple days or so since I completely cleaned them again . With the pet fountain , the water stays fresh and I also got the water reservoir so they always have water . I give it 4 stars instead of 5 because we cleaned the bowl part the other day and there was still hair and stuff in it and we have the filter so I would have thought all that would have gotten caught in the filter . But still a lot did ... so great product . -LRB- Besides ... it keeps Olivia off the bathroom sink ... she always wanted us to turn the water on for her -RRB- : -RRB-
 Our cat Smokey took to it after ten minutes . We had to let him inspect it thoroughly and showed the full process so he could see it was n't some sort of high tech sorcery . We also purchased the extra tank for the back to increase the water capacity . A few minutes later , I heard quite a bit of splashing and came into the dining room to find Smokey had knocked over the reservoir so that he could drink out of the back . Overall it is a wonderful product , but if you have a 14 pound all-muscle-and-frame hoss for a cat , forgo the extra reservoir . With one cat , we clean and refill just once a week -LRB- No longer using the reservoir -RRB- . We have noticed that he does drink more water now , and this also seems to keep litter box odors down a bit since it 's less concentrated .
 I bought this awhile ago because my cat was not drinking much water and thought he needed running water when I was at my bathroom counter.Pros - Cat loves it . He drinks probably 3-4 times more water every day . - Easy to clean . I throw it in the dishwasher . - Seems sturdy enough . - Holds a lot of water so if I leave for the weekend there 's plenty to keep my cat happy.Cons - It 's really loud and since it 's always on the sound does n't go away .
 Easy to set up , quiet operation , not as difficult to clean as some reviewers claim . I have two cats.One loves it , the other refuses to drink from it . I 'm hoping eventually he will come around.Update
 My daughter turned me on to this product . First , yes , the cat drinks more water . Score !! Now about the maintenance . Unless you have very long , skinny fingers it is difficult to get the motor out . I just use a pair of tongs -LRB- not solid salad tongs , although that might work , but the kind that you usually use for french fries or corn , where the wire loops at the end -RRB- , and it twists right out . The other pieces are certainly not that formidable , just 6 pieces to clean altogether
 This is just what I needed to make my puppy drink his water ! He thinks it 's like drinking from the hose . Lol . Thank u
 This unit is easy to set up , easy to prime , and easy to change water and clean . It holds quite a bit of water and with the additional reservoir is all your cat will need . It tends to have some food debris in the bowl with my cat but is easy to clean out real fast and refill . The pump is a little bit noisy especially with the running water but you get used to it . It is yet to be seen how long the pump will last but so far so good .
 My three cats love this little fountain . We bought it because one of the cats has liver problems and we needed to entice him to drink more water and this certainly worked ! It is fairly quiet and we have n't had any ` splash out ' issues . There are a couple drawbacks though which is why I 'm only giving four stars . The cord is a bit bulky so it is hard to hide and taking the fountain apart to clean is a pain . There is an indent to slide your finger under and pop out the motor to clean the unit , but it is n't enough room for a normal adult 's hands and children generally do n't have the strength to pop it out . We spend about 5 minutes wrangling the motor out -LRB- it is easy to get back in though -RRB- and another 30 seconds getting the rest of the unit apart to clean . Once apart it just takes a couple minutes to clean .
 cool incentive for a dogs and cats to drink more water ! i know my dog consumes moar , but not to sure about the skiddish cats .
 The fountain is what it advertises to be . The filters seem not to be necessary .
 We believe that our 3 cats are drinking a lot more water because of this product . The price was much better using Amazon.com especiually if you applied for & used their credit card . I have recommended this to my sister & friends .
 Cat loves it , easy to clean and maintain . It 's a must for any cat who enjoys drinking water from the tap . Instead get this and the cat will stop jumping on your sink !
 I bought this `` used '' and it came as if new with all the paperwork and filters . It 's really easy to setup and works perfectly . I bought this because my cat kept spilling his water bowl all over the kitchen . He did n't like drinking stagnate water . Though he was frightened of it the first day , now he enjoys this drinking fountain . It 's not too noisy and I have n't seen water on the kitchen floor or a sharp increase in my electricity bill .
 I had a pet fountain for 15 years and decided to get a new one . The old one was working fine but started to look beat-up . The new one had a terrible leak when it arrived and I was just shocked . Online reports mentioned something about an O-ring . I called the help line at 866-322-2530 and they sent me a replacement even though I did not have the packaging . They are aware of a `` bad batch '' . If this is your first one and it leaks ... hang - in there . These are great units . REMEMBER TO CLEAN I-N-S-I-D-E the pump . Save the directions because this IS important . It 's not hard !
 My cat always loved to drink from the faucet , but I never saw her drink from her regular bowl of water . So I bought her the Drinkwell fountain because I figured she 'd like the running water and would be more likely to drink from this bowl . I was right ! She was into this fountain and started drinking from it right away . She definitely does n't beg for bathtub water as much . Now I do n't have to worry about her not getting enough to drink !
 Works great ! Both the dogs and the cat like it , and they are drinking more water which has helped with my vet bills for urinary infections .
 Male cat has urinary problems , vet recommended taking him off running tap water from sink and to get a pet fountain with bottled water to drink . This is perfect for cats or small dogs . He warmed right up to it and within 2 days was drinking from it .
 So far so good . I previously purchased the cat mate and had problems with the pump stopping despite regular cleaning of the various parts and even buying a replacement pump . When it finally died -LRB- just over a 1 year -RRB- I decided to look for another fountain and selected this Drinkwell original . I do n't know why I did n't choose this one in the first place . The catmate 's water flows down a little chute whereas the flow created by Drinkwell actually pours out and into the base and seems more like a the stream created from a sink valve that my cat likes . I 'll be interested to see how it holds up and whether there will be similar pump issues .
 Found this at the pet store near our area but thought paying 50 bucks was just little too much so i found it on here for 27 with no shipping and for couple bucks more replacement filters . My cat loves this fountain , and is always going over and drinking out of it . although 2 weeks in i found a lot of water by the dish so i contacted the customer service number that came with the package , which had me try a few things but when i mentioned it didnt work and it was still leaking they got right on replacing the fountain and not just the pump for me without it being a huge deal and were very nice so i still love this product and miss it already as im waiting on new fountain which is about one week . I already notice my cat not drinking as much water from regular dish and find her searching for the fountain which shows just how much they love this product and that its worth buying , p.s. though buy it o here and not in the store you will save a lot of money .
 Length :
 This was our third Drinkwell fountain . We have very hard water and in time the edges of the bowl part get rough . Then I buy a new one . The cats love it . My only complaint is that this new fountain runs with more noise than my other 2 did . They made no noise whatsoever . I am talking about a humming noise , not the water sound . Maybe in time it will settle in and be more quiet . Otherwise I do highly endorse this drinking fountain .
 Just received and setup the Drinkwell Fountain for our 8 month old cat . She was giving us a hard time with insisting that she drink water from the bathroom sink . I could n't shave or brush my teeth in the morning without her instance to have fresh water water to drink even though her usual bowl is change many times through the day . After several review from Amazon.com and PetCo we decided to give this unit a go and was pleasantly surprised how quickly our Libby took to it and started using it right away . Her curiosity got the best of her as she was entertained by the running water from the spout . she started to drink from it right away and thus far her insistance to use the bathroom sink has subsided.I took the unit apart to check the hardware configuration -LRB- okay I 'm a man with tools and I love to tinker and take things apart to understand how they work -RRB- and was pleasantly surprised that the same pump used for our 20 gallon fish tank is used in this fountain . I figure that if the same pump that has been working great for the past three years trouble free , then we can expect the same with the fountain . Good solid and simple design.Feedback from other reviewers stated that there was some pump noise that would disturb their cats , but with the unit I got it was pretty much quiet . The trickling water made more noise then the pump . The supplied filter looks to be better quality . I did rinse the one that came with the unit with cold water for several minutes to rinse out any loose carbon or filter media . It came out pretty clean from the start.Cleaning the bowl looks to be pretty simple since it come apart fairly easy.Time will tell how this unit keeps our cat happy.I 'd buy another one without hesitation .
 Once cat would only drink moving water and pawed at the dish to the point where it spilled on the floor daily . This fountain solved the problem and definitely has encouraged my other two cats to drink more and stay hydrated . I have had mine for about 6 months or more and I have had no problems . I bought replacement filters on Amazon.com - enough to last a good long while . The fountain disassembles and is easy to clean and refill . If you do n't keep it filled to about an 8th of an inch from the top it sputters so I keep a plastic bottle by the sink for quick fills . I saw a complaint in one review about the motor humming . I found it only does that if you do n't make sure the cord rests properly inside the cut-out in the back . With the cord seated properly it is very quiet . This was a very good investment for the health and well-being of my cats . I highly recommend it .
 Filters well , easy to clean - the animals like drinking out of it although they also drink from the toilet and the local stream .
 Our cat loves to drink from the sink , but unfortunately can not turn it on and off himself , so he was waking us at 4am for water . Since we got this fountain he has not woken us at all ! It took a few days for him to approach it , but now he seems to like it . The two downsides are that the motor makes noise - you do not want to keep it in a room where you sleep or where it might bother you . Also , it requires regular cleaning so it does not get gross . It should take about 10 minutes every 1-2 weeks to keep it in good shape .
 I bought another pet fountain first , and if I had it to do over again I would buy two drinkwells instead of the other brand , because my cats like the stream of water better than the moving but not streaming teardrop shape of the other brand . My unit of this definitely buzzes and it 's not particularly visually attractive , but it gets my cats drinking more water , and that 's what I need it for most . My sink fiend has chilled out a lot and does n't constantly try to get a drink from the faucet.In short , it is really good at it 's job , while I wish it were quieter it 's not much worse than a fish tank filter motor .
 We have a 13-year-old tabby tomcat who we always had trouble getting to drink water . He 's very finicky about food as well , however , the water part of the equation was solved when we got him the Drinkwell Original Pet Fountain . We 've had one for years and it works perfectly.In fact , when we recently moved from California to Ohio , I had to take the cat on ahead of us to our new hometown by plane , then put him in an upscale pet hotel near the Columbus airport , fly back home the next morning and drive back there with our senior dog and the rest of our family . My wife would call the pet hotel daily to see how the cat was doing , and one thing the staff reported almost immediately that they noticed he was n't drinking water.Of course ! We 'd forgotten that he depended on the pet fountain ! So I ordered another Drinkwell and had it delivered directly to the pet hotel in his name -LRB- I asked the staff ahead of time if that was OK and they said yes -RRB- . That did the trick ! They then reported that he was drinking and doing much better overall.So since our cat endorsing the Drinkwell Original Pet Fountain , I do , too . : - -RRB-
 I bought this for my little kitty friend . He likes it okay , although he was afraid at first . It makes minimal noises , and I have had little problems with splashing . One drawback is that the charcoal filter leaves black residue in the fountain after being inside for a while . I belive I have installed it correctly but there are NO instructions that tell you exactly how to insert the filter , so actually ... who knows . Other than that I am happy with this purchase .
 The cats use it . It has run fine for a couple of years.We put a boot tray under the fountain because the cats spill water out of it . We put a towel underneath to reduce the humming noise .
 It 's pretty good so far for the price . It is a little louder than my old one but my cat loves it !
 OK , I 've had three of these in the last 2 years . I 'm working on the third one right now . Kinda feel like I 'm a professional reviewer by now.I find that the motor is the thing that gives up for me first - the last one I had was wedged in so tightly to the base that I had to pry it out in order to remove and clean it . You are supposed to lubricate the O-ring on the motor with petroleum jelly if you have trouble moving it around , but I waited too long to lubricate it after getting it and apparently damaged it when I forced it back together so there must have been a leak in the plastic where it meets the fountain . The whole thing was then practically useless - the motor made a lot of noise and water leaked all over the floor . I did try to re-seat the motor a couple of times but it still leaked , so it 's time for fountain # 3 . Cleaning is n't as hard as some people make it out to be - the cleaning kit provided by Drinkwell works quite well . It is easy to take apart and put back together and something I do every week . You ca n't really carry it while it 's full , however.I do n't find the noise it makes annoying and it took no time at all for my cat to take to it . During times when I 've been in between fountains , my cat does n't like drinking out of standing water at all anymore !
 The Drinkwell fountain states that this encourages more drinking . I ca n't really attest to that , but my cats do seem to `` enjoy '' drinking from the fountain . This is a novel idea and I enjoy the fact that this fountain filters out food particles that manage their way into the cats ' drinking water . I do have to clean out the fountain once a week , but this is much better than the daily cleaning and changing out of water bowls.I have not had any water pump issues issues that some users have experienced . I did manage to break one of the fins from the water pump , but even with this missing fin , the pump still manages to have a strong water flow . I subsequently purchased the 70 oz reservoir , as I found myself having to refill the fountain a few times a day . The reservoir , along with the fountain , was a great solution to providing cleaner drinking water for the cats .
 My three cats love this . They are very finicky , of course , and just love the filtered water and how it streams down like from a faucet .
 This product is exactly as describted . We have 4 cats and 3 love it , the 4th is scared to use it . The fountain is rather tempormental and if the water level drops slightly it starts making sounds . Even with that I would buy this fountain again .
 Okay it took a few days before my cat would drink from it , but now she loves it ! I change the water once a week . It is easy and quick to clean . I definitely recommend this to any cat lover !
 This product eliminated our problem w / our cats and dog drinking from the toilet , shower , and sinks ! IT is wonderful and easy to care for ! We love it .
 I bought this product because I have a cat with urinary problems who would only drink out of the sink while I was getting ready for bed or getting up in the morning . He was constantly dehydrated and it was nearly impossible to get him to drink enough water . Clean fresh water wasnt enough , he would only drink running water . So i got the Drinkwell pet fountain and he loves it !! He likes to watch the water run and drink out of it and play in it . The motor is a little louder than I would like , but all three of my cats think it is fantastic . My 15 year old cat loves to sit by it and watch the running water . Its a great way to get cats to drink more water if they like the running water .
 This is my second one , last one lasted for 3 years working daily and without changing the filter , I would just wash the unit and filter and keep on going .
 I 've had this fountain for about a week and like it so far . It 's not noisy like some reviewers say . It does get noisy if it runs out of water.The drinkwell is easy schmeezy to assemble . It has a flow meter which I set on low . Looks like I might need a brush to reach down and clean the filter section , but that 's no problem . Compared to the Haagen dome fountain that I used to have , the Drinkwell is great.Update
 -LRB- This is a review done by Connie , our cat . -RRB- This is almost good enough for me . The humans who serve me bought two of these eight years ago -LRB- 2 years in human years -RRB- and they make the water taste good most of the time . Sometimes the pump makes a funny noise and the humans have to put more water in it . Sometimes fur gets caught in the pump and has to get cleaned out . This is fur from my brother because I do n't shed in my water . I 'm classy . I like to drink from the stream that comes from the top.One time , one of the pumps stopped working and it was days before that fountain got fixed . I hated that . I had to share only one fountain with 5 brothers and sisters . That was bad . But now it works again .
 The product was everything I thought it would be ; however , my cat would not go near it because of the hum of the motor . So , I 'm back to square one on trying to find something my cat will drink water from . Thank you for your prompt delivery of this product .
 Pet fountain did n't come with instructions , but surprisingly easy to set up!I like it because the fountain is a bit noisy , but seems to work well.My pets are more fond of it when it 's not plugged in , go figure . I am just a bit concerned about how much energy it will actually use . I would recommend this product to anyone who 's pet is a little more on the daring side . We have two cats and the more adventurous of the two is the only one that will go near it !
 I love the drinkwell fountain , or I should say my girls -LRB- 2 cats -RRB- do.They have been drinking alot more , they love the moving water ! Thanks Marcia :-RRB- : -RRB-
 We originally bought this fountain when our cat was having bladder problems , in hopes that it would encourage him to drink more and promote a healthy bladder . Well , it turns out our cat did n't care for it one way or another ; he drinks out of it , but no more or less than he would from any other bowl . He still prefers drinking out of dirty dishes in the sink , the toilet bowl , or licking the drops of water out of the bathtub after someone takes a shower.However , we have since gotten another cat who ADORES the Drinkwell . He always drinks from the top of the stream as it falls . He gets frustrated if it is unplugged , and paws at the lid comes out , sometimes knocking the lid completely off . This is n't an issue , but just an illustration of how devoted this cat is to his fountain.The motor is audible , but we live in a small apartment and it does n't bother us . Occasionally we will unplug it to watch a movie with quiet dialog or something like that . As for the sound of the trickling water , I do enjoy that sound . We also have the additional reservoir , and with two cats we fill it once or twice a week . We have it placed on a pretty plastic placemat on the carpet , but spills or leaks are never a problem anyway.The only reason I gave this product four stars instead of five is because it is extremely difficult to clean . Like other reviewers have pointed out , there are parts on the inside that are impossible to get to , resulting in slimy buildup . A bottle brush and test tube brush would be helpful . Also , the motor needs to be removed for cleaning , and it seems that it is becoming more and more difficult to remove and reattach . Ideally I would like to clean the whole thing thoroughly every week , but it probably only gets done every other week . Still , its much cleaner for our cats than drinking dirty dish water or toilet water , so I 'm not too worried ! Overall , I would recommend the Drinkwell fountain to anyone who likes to pamper their pets !
 Other than sometimes being louder than I expected , the fountain seems fine . I had expected one of my cats to absolutely adore it , as she likes to drink from the bathroom sink faucet , but she 's not as enthralled as I 'd hoped . That 's not a problem with the fountain , however -- just Sissy 's attitude.As stated , the fountain 's motor is a bit loud at times , though I do n't know why . I 've cleaned the machine as instructed , but this has n't resolved the situation . Ca n't say it 's a real `` issue , '' however , as the sound is n't overwhelming -- just odd.Overall , the fountain appears to be a good product .
 I bought one of these about 6 to 8 years ago , it 's a tank , just keeps working . . My cats love it and wait for the the timer I have it plugged into to kick off so they can drink the water pouring down.Once of them like to stick his head under the spout but that 's another issue . . If you have Cat 's this is the item you want for your pets health !! end of story ... Now , the other side , I dislike the filters and you do n't have to use them , but it keeps the water cleaner and with that point you should be unplugging it and washing it out once a week and at least scrubbing it down twice a month to get any slime build up that starts . I would suggest a Pipe cleaner brush for the inside portion.It seems like a pain , but it 's no worse then having to wash the water bowl every day and filling it with water and it for a good cause so just mark it down on the old calendar and watch your pet drink lots of water.Happy pet owning
 Our cat was forever wanting to drink straight from the tap in our bath and refused to drink from her water bowl . After getting the Drinkwell Pet Fountain , she started drinking from this and even went so far as to drink from the fountain of water coming out of the top . Great success .
 I purchased my first one in Sept 2010 for my cat who enjoyed drinking out of the faucet . In Oct I got a puppy , she does n't have free run of the house and within a couple of months decided that one of these would be perfect in the bedroom . It has been great and I would recommend to any pet owner .
 My cats love to drink out of the faucet and this fountain makes a wonderful substitute with running water available all of the time . Highly recommend it .
 when my cat was small she got used to drinking out of the leaky bathtub faset and now that we moved we our trying to teach her not to do that but she wont drink out of a bowl so i bought this drink well and now the cat goes there mutable times a day to drink . it 's perrfect
 We bought this drinking fountain because our two cats LOVED to drink out of the bath tub faucet . After 20 minutes of careful observation , they fell in LOVE with this fountain . They bat at the stream and drink more water than ever before.The motor is very quiet and only makes noises when the water level is low -LRB- which helps remind me to refill it -RRB- . It can go in the dishwasher which I love.We 're very happy with this purchase and would buy it again ! = -RRB-
 ... Too bad my cat does n't like it :--LRB- She 'd come up to it , check it out - but would never drink from it . For a few days I would n't open the water for her in the bathtub where she 's used to drink from - but it would n't make her change her mind about the fountain ... What a shame , the fountain is really cool with regulated strength of the stream .
 I bought the large size and the medium size boots a year ago and am now ordering another medium as mine has wore out . My dog licks one leg raw and these boots work great , not sure how I ever got along without one . I have also washed them many times .
 Very nice protection for a paw or lower leg bandage . Most veterinarians do not know this product exists and require that you return frequently for bandage changes due to moisture or bandage wear-out . ** Tip ** Vetrap or elastic bandaging needs to be high enough on leg for the boot top to grip on to . Otherwise , it tends to slip down . I used this on my dog 's front leg.Bottom wears out if dog continues dragging foot or walks continuously on asphalt , gravel , or concrete . I had to reinforce mine with nylon webbing and went through two boots in eight weeks . Worth the investment versus frequent bandage changes and risk of moisture into wound and having dog wear an cone-type collar.If bottom of foot can heal without bandaging one might consider Bark N ' Boots Grip Trex by Ruff Wear . Sold individually by company .
 This is a great product for protecting hurt dog legs and it helps keep any bandaging material dry .
 My dog had a deep infection in her rear paw . The vet gave us the ` lamp-shade ' to keep her away from it . My dog is a 73lb . rottwieler/lab mix and she ran into EVERYTHING with the lampshade on . When the Medipaw finally arrived -LRB- shipping was slow -RRB- our problems were solved and she was happy again .
 I have a 13 week old Golden Retreiver puppy and this pen has saved my sanity ! When she was 8 weeks old I used it opened up as a barrier in my kitchen . As she has grown I have latched it together and now just recently put the bottom on it . She willingly goes in and does not mind at all . We keep it in the kitchen and she can see us from wherever we are . It is the only way to keep puppy safe when you can not watch her . Even for a few minutes when I am upstairs she goes in and she has not damaged anything at all . Plus I know she is safe ! I recommend this to anyone bringing home a new puppy . And when my puppy no longer needs it I will donate it to the humane society so they can give it to some lucky adoptee .
 This was light weight , looks like it will stand up to lots of small dogs scratching on the panels . No bars for little dogs to get their legs stuck in . Loved it so much I bought a second because I wanted my dogs to have more room . Will be great in an emergency time to secure my small dogs .
 I have tried many pens for my pets , and this is the most versatile , lightest weight , easiest to arrange in different shapes , folds easily , can be used as a fence as well as a pen . The tops and bottoms can be purchased in 4x4 or octagon shapes , and are made from canvas material . It can be a bit tricky snapping the hooks of the bottom and top covers , but for overall use , this one gets my vote and gets used constantly . Just ordered another one , I 'm so happy with it !
 Lightweight , which makes it much easier to use than my metal version . I use it as a barrier when I want to block the dogs in the kitchen . If you do the same place chairs along the outside to lend support .
 I bought this dog crate for my 4-month old puppy and I also ordered the additional floor for it . It was perfect ! It kept my puppy safe and off the carpets , the floor was water resistant and really should have been labeled waterproof -- it kept my carpeting dry . It was so light weight we could easily move it from room to room and even outside when the weather was nice . The customer service was exceptional and it was the perfect solution to taking my puppy on vacation with us . BONUS
 This pen is great for dogs . My dogs love it because they can see out very easily . It folds up to where it is easy to carry and fairly light weight . The only issue we have with it is that the clips are sometimes difficult to open . We had a previous pen from another manufacturer that had better quality clips but lacked in other areas .
 I use this for my 11 week old kitten and my older cats as well . They love it . I also have the bottom and the top cover . It is great for in door use .
 These custom-fitted floor panels are the reason I ordered the Ex-Pen ! Prior to ordering the Ex-Pen , I had a plasic pen that sat on a larger tarp . Not only did it look tacky , it was a pain ! If you needed to move the pen without help , it was a hassle to get the pen on top of the tarp & keep the tarp aligned & straight . Also , my puppy would `` dig '' the tarp & uncover the floor.These panels are GREAT ! If you move the pen , the bottom moves with it . When you straighten the sides of the pen , the bottom straightens with it . I thought it was extremely easy to snap the panel on to the sides of the pen even though one reviewer did n't think so . I guess after the hassel of the other pen , this seemed like a breeze!I ordered both shapes of bottom -LRB- Rectangular & Octagonal -RRB- . Both work with the same pen , but depending on where you want to set it up , one shape or the other might work better for you . If you 're going to be using the pen for a long time , I think the added flexibility is probably worth the additional expense . -LRB- Plus , if you need to launder one panel , you can use the other one while you do . -RRB-
 This pen is great for dogs . My dogs love it because they can see out very easily . It folds up to where it is easy to carry and fairly light weight . The only issue we have with it is that the clips are sometimes difficult to open . We had a previous pen from another manufacturer that had better quality clips but lacked in other areas .
 I use this for my 11 week old kitten and my older cats as well . They love it . I also have the bottom and the top cover . It is great for in door use .
 I have a 13 week old Golden Retreiver puppy and this pen has saved my sanity ! When she was 8 weeks old I used it opened up as a barrier in my kitchen . As she has grown I have latched it together and now just recently put the bottom on it . She willingly goes in and does not mind at all . We keep it in the kitchen and she can see us from wherever we are . It is the only way to keep puppy safe when you can not watch her . Even for a few minutes when I am upstairs she goes in and she has not damaged anything at all . Plus I know she is safe ! I recommend this to anyone bringing home a new puppy . And when my puppy no longer needs it I will donate it to the humane society so they can give it to some lucky adoptee .
 This was light weight , looks like it will stand up to lots of small dogs scratching on the panels . No bars for little dogs to get their legs stuck in . Loved it so much I bought a second because I wanted my dogs to have more room . Will be great in an emergency time to secure my small dogs .
 I have tried many pens for my pets , and this is the most versatile , lightest weight , easiest to arrange in different shapes , folds easily , can be used as a fence as well as a pen . The tops and bottoms can be purchased in 4x4 or octagon shapes , and are made from canvas material . It can be a bit tricky snapping the hooks of the bottom and top covers , but for overall use , this one gets my vote and gets used constantly . Just ordered another one , I 'm so happy with it !
 Lightweight , which makes it much easier to use than my metal version . I use it as a barrier when I want to block the dogs in the kitchen . If you do the same place chairs along the outside to lend support .
 I bought this dog crate for my 4-month old puppy and I also ordered the additional floor for it . It was perfect ! It kept my puppy safe and off the carpets , the floor was water resistant and really should have been labeled waterproof -- it kept my carpeting dry . It was so light weight we could easily move it from room to room and even outside when the weather was nice . The customer service was exceptional and it was the perfect solution to taking my puppy on vacation with us . BONUS
 I have a 13 week old Golden Retreiver puppy and this pen has saved my sanity ! When she was 8 weeks old I used it opened up as a barrier in my kitchen . As she has grown I have latched it together and now just recently put the bottom on it . She willingly goes in and does not mind at all . We keep it in the kitchen and she can see us from wherever we are . It is the only way to keep puppy safe when you can not watch her . Even for a few minutes when I am upstairs she goes in and she has not damaged anything at all . Plus I know she is safe ! I recommend this to anyone bringing home a new puppy . And when my puppy no longer needs it I will donate it to the humane society so they can give it to some lucky adoptee .
 This was light weight , looks like it will stand up to lots of small dogs scratching on the panels . No bars for little dogs to get their legs stuck in . Loved it so much I bought a second because I wanted my dogs to have more room . Will be great in an emergency time to secure my small dogs .
 I have tried many pens for my pets , and this is the most versatile , lightest weight , easiest to arrange in different shapes , folds easily , can be used as a fence as well as a pen . The tops and bottoms can be purchased in 4x4 or octagon shapes , and are made from canvas material . It can be a bit tricky snapping the hooks of the bottom and top covers , but for overall use , this one gets my vote and gets used constantly . Just ordered another one , I 'm so happy with it !
 Lightweight , which makes it much easier to use than my metal version . I use it as a barrier when I want to block the dogs in the kitchen . If you do the same place chairs along the outside to lend support .
 I bought this dog crate for my 4-month old puppy and I also ordered the additional floor for it . It was perfect ! It kept my puppy safe and off the carpets , the floor was water resistant and really should have been labeled waterproof -- it kept my carpeting dry . It was so light weight we could easily move it from room to room and even outside when the weather was nice . The customer service was exceptional and it was the perfect solution to taking my puppy on vacation with us . BONUS
 This pen is great for dogs . My dogs love it because they can see out very easily . It folds up to where it is easy to carry and fairly light weight . The only issue we have with it is that the clips are sometimes difficult to open . We had a previous pen from another manufacturer that had better quality clips but lacked in other areas .
 I use this for my 11 week old kitten and my older cats as well . They love it . I also have the bottom and the top cover . It is great for in door use .
 The good thing about this is that it controlled my dog . My dog is the most wild thing you 'll see . He is incredibly active for a six year old dog . I have gotten him trained and it did no use to his energy . I wanted him to relax in certain situations and when I walk the dog ... oh boy , pulling and tug-of-war time . I spent over hundreds of dollars on my dog to no avail . Halters and collars are totally useless . They actually hurt and choke him , making him cough.Keep in mind that I am around 5 feet and my dog is a sable rough collie . He is huge and has a lot of muscles . He drags me on walks and my arm feels like it 's being pulled out of their sockets . HOWEVER , this collar is amazing on walks.Today is my first time using it and it was the best walk I had for about years ! He did try to pull . The key word is try . But with this and a couple techniques I learned from Don Sullivan , it worked ! I train him with this collar and I 'm so happy he is able to listen . He chased a bicycle with this today and I gave him a firm no with a yank with this collar . Then , when 3 bikers came by , yelling AT my dog , he did not even bark or jump or chase it . He looked back at me and at the bikers and was perfectly still . I was amazed.My dog is hairy and this worked on him . So I advise for many to use it . It 's kinda heavy but it 's metal so that makes sense . Easy to use and easy to take the links off and on.I would warn NOT to leave this on a dog . And this is not where one can use to abuse one 's dog . It should be only worn with supervision of course . ALSO , it looks incredibly scary , intimidating , harsh , and violent BUT this collar is n't at all ! I tried it around my wrist and pulled just to see and it did n't really hurt . It 's just uncomfortable.I ca n't stop gushing about this collar . It 's great ! Just do n't abuse it . I use it on my dog and I swear he 's fine . He 's still spoiled and loved but much better than before . Happier this way . :-RRB- For me , everyone else , and my dog .
 We purchased this after a trainer suggested it to help train our misbehaving 16 month old pekingnese beagle -LRB- about 20 pounds -RRB- . We have used this when working with him for a few weeks and the improvement is already evident . Just make sure to keep the collar on the dog when you are around the dog - training or not - so that the dog does not get collar smart -LRB- meaning that the dog will only behave when he has the collar on and not when the collar is off -RRB- . The quick release is very easy to use and adjusting the collar was very simple . I was worried that I would have trouble adjusting the collar and I did it in a few minutes without any trouble . This is an excellent training tool .
 I was impressed with the ease of the quick release although I would have liked a little picture to help be sure I had put it back correctly . The pinch collar worked very well on calming down a very boistrous 7-month old dobie on his walks where he might see goats , sheep , chickens , stray dogs , occasionally cattle and sometimes camels not to mention all the people milling around . I am going to go to a smaller size link just because dobies have very slender necks and getting the right fit is not easy with this medium sized links . But I would definitely recommend this product .
 I 'd guess that the negative reviews are from people who have never used a prong collar and have never trained a dog . For example , the ` gentle leader ' can actually snap the neck/rupture vertebra since it gives so much leverage . IMO it 's very dangerous to use on dogs with long necks such as sight hounds or for use by large trainers and medium to small dogs . IMO this aid is best used on big dogs with short necks -LRB- mastiff , bull mastiff , etc -RRB- coupled with small trainers . The prong or pinch collar is a limited slip collar meaning that it can only close so far and no further . The standard choke collar on the other hand is a steel garrote . The prong collar , properly used , allows the trainer to get the dogs attention using a gentle two fingered tug or snapping motion . The prong collar can be misused , but so can the gentle leader , choke collar or martingale . However it 's actually more difficult to misuse the prong than many other training aids . Additionally its important to match the aid with the dog and the lesson . I use several different aids and leads , depending on what I 'm doing . The prong is best used for corrections during distraction training -LRB- i.e. jumping , lunging , etc around other dogs -RRB- while a flat buckle or rolled leather collar is appropriate for teaching the heel after distraction training is complete . Once distraction training is complete or for ` softer ' dogs a limited slip nylon collar is often most useful . There is not , IMO , any one training aid that is best for all dogs under all conditions . However the prong collar can be a life saver , literally , as I 've been involved with several dogs who were on the verge of being put down due to uncontrollable behavior and were turned around with the use of the prong.An excellent book about dogs who are endangered by people who have no knowledge or experience of dogs but simply look for an excuse to be vitriolic , abusive and often racist : Bandit
 It took a few days to get used to putting this collar on , but now even my 9 year old does it effortlessly . After my 60 lb . Black Lab/German Sheppard mix kept dragging my poor kids across the yard , not to mention the fact that she pulled my wife down , severing her ACL and causing her to have to go through the painful ACL replacement surgery -LRB- she 's still in physical therapy but back to about 95 % now -RRB- , I knew that we had to do something to stop the constant pulling . I spoke with a friend of mine that has Rotties and she recommended this collar ... It 's perfect . The kids now have total control when they 're walking the dog and my wife no longer fears a repeat of the debacle that occurred this past fall . This is a humane , painless way to contol your uncontrollable pooch . If pulling is a problem for you , the answer is just a click away !
 Until I found this collar for my 45 pound Wheaten , I had great difficulty controlling him when he encountered `` friends '' during our walks . This is the one and only one collar that works ! Highly recommend it .
 Works beautifully on my 45lbs 7mos boxer , the pulling stopped immediately . I picked up the Large 31/4 mm and it was a perfect fit for him . The quality is hands down better than anything you 'd get at a chain store , for 1/2 the price . I bought a similar item from petco -LRB- $ 39.99 plus taxes -RRB- , and the chrome plating was peeling off it the same day , the prongs were too sharp , and the overall quality looked/felt like it came out of China in the mid 80 's . It was returned the very next day . This item has rounded prongs , and seems to be a much higher quality.In a nutshell , I 'm happy with this item . It 's priced right , and the quality is superb .
 This is the absolutely perfect product for a strong dog ... I have a very strong American Bulldog and it fits just right and she responds perfectly ... painless and very humane and safe for the dog ... the tips are rounded ... have been using this product for 3 years - its great , I highly recommend this product and this company to anyone .
 My dog is half chocolate lab and half husky who weighs about 130 . He was always pulling as a puppy wanting to meet other dogs here and there about . He has learned to obey and listen with this on without choking himself also . Much healthier and safer than a choke collar or nothing at all . Highly recommend if your dog is sometimes a little spearheaded wanting to check everything out .
 I have been using this since my dogs were puppies -LRB- 9 years -RRB- . It was recommended by my trainer as the the gentlest way to correct your dog . I did n't really believe her at first because it `` looked '' so cruel ! But being the dog mom that I am I actually put it on myself and tested it . I also tried the more common choke collar and think that thing should seriously be banned . The choke collar literally choked me when I pulled on it and completely restricted my breathing . The pinch collar merely pinched my neck at certain spots , letting me know it 's uncomfortable but wo n't really cause any serious harm . I have n't tried the gentle leader but I have a feeling it will feel worst than the pinch but better than the choke . Plus , I ca n't imagine it being very comfortable for the dog even when not pulled . At least with the pinch or choke you do n't really feel anything if you do n't pull on it.Another option is to use a harness . The process of putting it on is sort of like putting on a coat . I heard this is a great and gentle way to walk your dog . But I 'm too lazy to do this every time I have to walk the dogs :-RRB- BTW , HS is a great brand . Like I said , I 've been using it for about 9 years , and have only replaced it once . So , each lasts about 5 years and this is with almost daily use . I probably could 've kept using the old ones but I got my dogs really nice new collars and just wanted a new `` shiny '' look to match .
 We have a three-year-old Golden Retriever who weighs about 70 lbs of pure muscle . He is very strong . Before we bought this collar , walking him was a chore . He would pull and pull , and yanking back against him did little good . With this collar , a quick , firm pull will stop him from trying to walk me.It 's not as cruel as it looks .1 -RRB- Dogs ' necks are incredibly strong2 -RRB- The ends of the barbs are blunted -LRB- they are not sharp -RRB- 3 -RRB- I 've put it around my wrist and pulled - it is more uncomfortable than painfulIf you have trouble with your dog pulling you on walks , this will be the best $ 20 you will ever spend
 I was pretty skeptical when I first heard of a dog training product like this from my family doctor . I have chronic back problem , walking with my 30 lbs SUPER HYPER terrier mixed -LRB- with more on the `` petite bassett griffon vendeen '' side -RRB- is putting lots of pressure on my back . I wish I had listened to my physician and got this collar much much sooner ... I am a first time dog owner and I wanted to make everything right and safe for my dog . I adopted `` Simba '' from a local animal shelter when he was about 10 months old , and now he is a year and a half old . My two boys and myself love him so much , and even my husband who does not fond of any furry animal likes to play with him . Simba is playful , cute , energetic and very smart . However , I guess I should have named him `` super turbo charged '' instead and it would well suit him . When taking him for a walk , he 'd jump , pull , charge to other dogs ... anything you can imagine ... I even took him to pet training class for help at a local Petsmart , we ended up sitting in the very end corner through all 8 sessions , and with other `` classmates '' stayed far far away from us from beginning to end ... hysterical in a way , even the trainer thinks so ... I tried everything I learned from the class to walk him , but no luck.But , OMG ! First time I use the collar to walk him , his overly active behavior reduces tremendously , I say about 90 % ... No kidding ! He still pulled hard to pick a fight with our neighbor dog , sometimes I think he may think that he is a warrior dog ... hahaha ... but that was the only time he pulled hard on that day . He walked much calmer . Since he had no idea what was over his neck and he tried to `` shake '' it off several times . The second day , the third day ... and I 've been using it for a week now , and he learns not to pull hard and to walk within a `` walking distance '' by me . Walking him is a much easy job now.The first impression I have for the collar was the weight of it is quite heavy . I did adjust the length to fit over my dog 's neck , and actually it was quite easy to take off the connectors . With the quick release snap is a plus . Each prong has a rounded end so it does not poke through their skin , although it does make the dogs uncomfortable when too much pressure applies when they pull ... but that 's the whole idea , right ? I would highly recommend this product to all dogs ' owners especially the ones who got dogs like mine .
 This is a very effective and humane training tool . Much nicer than a choke collar . -LRB- which may actually damage the dog 's trachea -RRB- Used and fitted properly this collar should not inflict undue pain or fear upon a dog . The prong size should be carefully selected with consideration to fur length and fat composition of the neck , and the prong should never be allowed to slip down the neck to cause excess slack . Prongs that are small deal more correction than the large prongs . The end of the prong should be flat , not pointed or filed . The collar should sit right at the top of the neck behind the ear.I am quite certain one could inflict much violence on a dog with just about ANY collar or training method out there . The reviews and negs out there which assume that automatically the person using this collar is an idiot wishing to physically harm his or her dog seem to go a bit too far with the assumptions and innuendos ! My dogs NEVER were dealt an unfair correction with this collar and lived a very happy , SAFE , spoiled life.I 'd assure you that anyone facing a lunging 90 pound rottweiler trying to keep said dog from running down a deer might think twice about a gentle leader or a flat buckle collar . Words , happy voices and clickers only go so far when you are dealing with an animal who is a true worker with his or her own sense of independence.Large dogs can sometimes cause this collar to come apart if they lunge hard enough and the collar is slack . I have personally experienced this with my male rottweiler -LRB- and have owned/trained this breed for 8 years -RRB- . Not a good feeling when you are walking near a road . Which prompted me to place a small nylon collar low on the dog 's neck and attatch it to a seperate lead as a back up in case the unthinkable should repeat itself . But the important lesson - prevent slack in the collar.This collar is a very good tool . It should be used under the guidance of a trainer and should never be used on an unsupervised dog . The dog should not see the collar as giving the correction or he will begin to shy when you place it on him . A good trainer will instruct on proper introduction of this collar and the proper intensity of correction . This may be used `` live '' -LRB- connected to a single `` O '' ring -RRB- or `` dead '' -LRB- connected to the both `` O '' rings . Your dog 's individual temperment and training level will dictate this . I would not use this collar live on ANY dog I have owned as of yet , and my female rottweiler -LRB- RIP -RRB- was a very hard , spirited animal.Most trainers do not condone the usage of a prong on any dog younger than 6-8 months old , though some do make exceptions . I would seriously question any dog , especially small to medium breed , under a year wearing this collar.Bottom line , if you do n't have a clue then do n't purchase this . This may correct one issue -LRB- pulling -RRB- and result in a host of others should it be abused or misused . And if you do n't have a sense of fairness or skill in training a dog please go see someone who can help . This is not a tool to slap on an animal and yank away with . It requires a gentle hand . . very gentle .
 My sweet and gentle dog was the worst puller EVER when I got him on a leash ! I had even taken him to training classes which worked wonders for sit/stay/down and the like , but he was still awful about pulling on the leash . The moment I put this collar on him , he became a model citizen . I 've rarely even had to utilize the quick tug approach . Just having it on is enough ! He was pretty scared of it at first , but over a month later , he is used to it enough to not be scared but to still obey .
 Collar is of good quality and is much easier to put on and take off than a traditional prong collar . Price is cheaper than in the big box pet store , if you can even find them .
 A neighbor recommended this type of collar when he saw our dog consistently taking me for a walk -LRB- kinda like Marmaduke does in the comic strip -RRB- . He told me that he used them very successfully and trained two of his dogs to eventually walk off leash . The thing looks like a torture device but he assured me that it does n't hurt them but helps them feel the pressure more acutely as the collar puts greater pressure in small areas of the neck rather than spread out like with a regular collar . It worked immediately and she no longer chokes herself or drags me around . Now when the ice and snow come around soon , I wo n't be afraid of slipping because she is yanking me all over . I highly recommend this collar to anyone having difficulty on walks with their dog .
 This collar is good . The only concern I have is if you grab it the wrong way it relases and the entire collar comes off . Once you are awaire of that it 's a great training tool .
 This looks awful , but if you know how to use one , and works like a charm and gets a dogs attention . If you do not know or have never worked with a trainer , please invest in a trainer for your dog first and then work with aids such as this . NEVER leave this on your dog unattended ! This is just an aid , not a miracle !
 I have a german shepperd puppy , 5 months old . And with a regular collar , he pulls and pull choking himself badly . I had a friend with one like this and she let me try it for a walk . at first he did freak out a little because of course it was new . But after a few minutes he realized it was not bad . They look mean but are so AWESOME for dog training . He now does not pull , and is very well behaved with his collar on . Its mostly there just as a reminder to be good . And the quick release is amazing . easy to put on and even easier to take off . I hope all people see how great these are !
 This was very easy to use and that makes a difference when you are taking it off and on several times a day . I have a two 70-pound pitbulls and it has worked well . Much easier to manage them when you have surprises like random cats and squirrels . Solid product . Easy to Use .
 Just received collars for both of my labs . One is 18 months old and leash trained , the other is two and pulls like crazy and is a pain to walk . Walking both together it was not enjoyable at all . Both Lab rescues where we got each dog recommended these collars so I figured I would give it a try . I can not believe the difference in how well behaved each of them are with these collars . The leash trained one went crazy with joy when he saw his collar and the second one was not sure what to expect . Even our two year old was well behaved while wearing the collar . The neighborhood dogs that used to get him excited were no problem . As simple light tug on the leash and a `` no '' in a conversational tone was all it took to keep him from getting excited or pulling or barking.I read the online reviews before I purchased these and thought they could n't work this well . I have to say the online reviews were right on the money . Very simple to use and very effective . The reviewers that say the collars are barbaric could n't be more wrong . Using these collars allows you more control without the need to pull hard on the leash or use any real strength to control your dogs . Both dogs were very happy while wearing them and were not the least bit uncomfortable.Can ' t say enough for these collars !
 I love this collar . My German Shepherd would always pull me around and he 's big enough to pull me down and drag me . So I gave this collar a try and I 've been so happy with the results . My dog never pulls me around anymore . Once he feels the pinch he stops pulling and now our walks are very enjoyable for both of us . I would definately recommend this collar to anyone with a big dog that pulls . It seemed a little complicated at first to put on but then I got the hang of it and he got used to standing still while I put it on him . So do n't get frustrated at first if it seems complex , just stick with it and you 'll be glad you did . You should notice a difference the very first time you use it .
 I purchased this collar for our 6 month old Boxer . Our 11/2 year old Boxer has one already that was given to us when he graduated from police dog training . They work wonders , we refer to it as power steering for puppies . The sturdy constuction mimics a actual motherly dod nip during training and thereafter . It gains you instant respect and alpha status to the most stubborn dog when used properly and trained on use . So many people are against this type of collar as were we until we were tought the proper use and technique .
 Wow , this makes walking my Frenchie enjoyable . He is a puller and likes to bark at people and other dogs . He would lung at people and dogs too . Now he just stands still and whimpers when we walk by others . No more pulling either . It does n't hurt him and I only lightly tug when needed , which he responds well to.Four stars though since I had to buy 3 extra links . The medium size was too heavy and big for him but the small was a perfect size , but not long enough . The extra links added to the cost of the collar and I had to buy it from a third party vendor.For the PETA members
 Gosh i can ; t even begin to tell u how Blessed i am to have found this product ! I foster large rescue breeds and i could Never walk them without this collar . It works like a dream i swear . Forget the chokers , they do n't work . It takes 1st initial pull and then it stops , you can now walk ur dog ! i Swear by this product.I don ; t know why they sell the ones that slip on and off at stores , try to slip those spikes over ur dogs head duuh , so dumb ! Get the Quick Release ONLY!Thank you Lord for creating this collar ! : -RRB-
 This prong collar is awesome . It works well with our german shepherd . I 'm very happy that I bought this and it appears to be very well made .
 i have to say i have bought a lot of collars for my 8 month old pit-bull and the regular choker collars do n't do nothing for my heavy pulling Lil girl , but this collar worked magics on its first walk out side , she respected the collar automatically and did n't attempt to pull after she tried the first time . -LRB- which when she did i almost took it off her because im assuming it hurt her because she squealed -RRB- but after she was fine . i do n't leave the collar on her for everyday walking around the house only on outside adventures . the collar looks very scared and i hesitant at first but it gives me a sense of control over her -LRB- shes a big baby -RRB- and she listen to me very well on command it was just her pulling nature that i really could n't take a hold of until now . . i recommend this collar to every owner that has a puppy/dog that pulls a . playing outside got a lot much easier .
 I 've used other Sprenger products in the past , so no big surprises here.The collar works just as it 's intended to . It keeps my high-powered5 1/2 month old Doberman female under control under all conditions.It may be quick-release , but not so quick to attach to a squirming dog.You may actually find the non-quick release model easier to get on yourdog . Still , I prefer this approach because , over time , you can bend theprongs on the traditional model . Fine product , and a good price ...
 I bought a prong collar from the pet store . Then I researched them online and read that the Herm Sprenger collars were better quality and had rounded edges that were better for the dog . This brand was highly recommended by animal experts . I returned my store bought collar and bought this one . First of all , I definitely like the snap-on feature . It makes it so much easier to put on . I use this with my 2 70-lb labs . I clip the leash to BOTH rings so that it does not tighten , but still works as they do still feel it if they start to pull . This works for my dogs and is the recommended way to start using this type of collar . If needed , you can then clip it to only the one ring so it tightens . From day one , they have stopped most of their pulling . I also have treats that I put in my left had and give them while we 're walking every so often , so that helps . They now walk by my side for the most part . I used to HATE taking them on walks . I 've taken them every day this week and it is actually enjoyable now .
 As it was explained to me by my vet and by trainers , large dogs have very thick muscles and skin in the neck . Because of this they barely notice any correction/pulling action that you make when training . Most dogs will learn to walk with any type of lead after enough training , but if something unexpected comes along you might have a hard time maintaining control if your dog is large and strong . Regular chain choke collars are more uncomfortable for the dogs because it catches their fur in the links , even if they are not pulling . This collar simply applies a more direct pressure , which the dog notices , rather than the constriction of a chain choke collar.Because I live in a rural area with deer , etc. my vet suggested that I use this collar so that I 'm not pulled down by the dogs if they attempt to chase other animals . Even the most well behaved dog can get overly excited with the natural instincts kick in . My dogs used to do some pulling at the start of our walks with a regular collar . With this one they do n't make any attempt to pull at all . They have never shown any distress with this collar on , never pulled , never any injury , nothing . It hangs loosely around their necks while we walk . They absolutely do not mind wearing it at all . They sit patiently and wait for me to put it on . They walk nicely right by my side with no tension at all on the leash . If you purchase this collar remember that you only put it on before the walk and take it off after . No choke or training collar should be left on all of the time .
 Quick release feature on the collar makes it easy to secure collar on pet and the prong ends are smooth . This product is a safe way to handle a very active pet , sort of a power steering effect .
 The collar is sturdy and well made . A friend who trains dogs recommended this brand and we 've been happy with them -LRB- own 2 -LSB- one small/one medium -RSB- -RRB- . Highly recommend this product to dog owners whose animals take them for a walk !
 I had just acquired a rescue dog which was out of control . The local pet stores had this imported collar at outrageous prices . This was the exact same collar at a bargain price and it arrived very promptly . The really wonderful feature is the quick-release snap , none of that squeezing the prongs to get it on and off . Now the dog behaves . What more could one ask for ? I highly recommend it .
 I highly recommend this type of collar for a dog who has some type of issue walking on a leash . Especially a medium to large strong dog . The dog is less apt to lunge , change direction abruptly , fuss when you stop , or dart out into the street . It is very well made , and provides a sense of control and security for the dog owner . Uninformed people may think it looks evil , however , it is not harmful for your dog . Fit the collar correctly , -LRB- measure high on the neck with little slack -RRB- and you will agree ; this collar provides power steering for dogs . And a more enjoyable walk for you ! This type of collar is not to be kept on the dog 24/7
 This collar may look bad but is so much safer than a choker collar . There so no way that this coller could get to the point of hurting the wind pipe like chokers often do.My collie would pull to the point of hurting him self with the old choker.With this collar fited properly my collie is a new dog.Going for walks is fun no more draging me and no more neck problems for him . This is the best thing for dogs and you on the market . Thanks . Tony C Dunmore PA. .
 I tried this collar and also I ended up getting a 3mm Herm Sprenger collar with a quick release from Ray Allen K-9 . I need the quick release because I have arthritis in my hands and it 's literally impossible for me to use the traditional pinch/prong collar . I compared the two and ended up going with the Sprenger.First off , for those saying collars are not for training and are only for safety , there are differing opinions everywhere you go and it is my opinion that it is beneficial for EVERY dog to be trained to a certain extent . If you have a dog that absolutely wo n't respond to any other method , the prong collar is the way to go . They 're actually safer than choke collars . My German Shepherd is a 75-lb 9-month old male , and let me tell you , the prong collar has worked wonders for him . He is going to be about 95 lbs full grown , and without the prong collar I 'm not able to control him and keep him from barking and lunging at other dogs . We are training with a retired K-9 trainer , and the key is you have to make sure you place the collar correctly and get the right fit . It 's supposed to be high up on the neck , below the jawline and ears . Some people do n't use the collar correctly and then blame the method saying it is inhumane when it hurts the dog - that simply is n't true.That being said , I bought two collars to see which I liked better , and my vote goes for the Sprenger . It seems to be a bit more well-made and durable , but the other one is a bit cheaper and still worked fairly well . So I guess it comes down to a matter of personal preference . Also , my Shepherd is long-haired , and I did n't have much of a problem with his hair getting tangled . The collar absolutely did not pull any of his hair out .
 We have a one year old Rhodesian Ridgeback mix . We got him as a rescue one month ago . The rescue organization had been using a prong collar on him and the obedience school we started bringing him to also recommended it . We were hesitant at first because it seems too harsh and barbaric . However , after finding out that the prongs actually imitate their mother 's fangs when she grabs the pup by the neck to correct him for nipping , playing too rough , not obeying , etc. . So , we gave it a try and we could n't be happier . He no longer pulls on walks ... all it takes is an occasional firm tug on the leash and he 's gets back in line . Around the house , if he is nipping , jumping on the furniture , barking , running around like a madman -- again , one firm tug on the leash and he 's back in line -LRB- and yes we keep the prong collar on with leash in the house for the purpose of making corrections since he is still learning -RRB- . It 's been a very effective training tool for us . And we feel it is better than a choke collar which cuts the air off to his wind pipe . This one is very durable -- some others can snap open .
 Huskies are prone to zinc deficiency . My husky was getting what seemed like hot spots all throughout his skin and biting constantly . At first I thought he had fleas or hotspots , but when I checked his skin , he was bright red and had blood and scabs all over from his biting . I rushed him to the vet and the vet gave him antibiotics , shots , and recommended anything with potato and salmon . After reading online , this was the best product to feed him daily and it worked ! All of his symptoms are gone and he is one happy husky !
 Yum Yum says my miniature dachshund ! We went to the vet for a problem with her losing some hair on the top of her ears . They became dry and patchy looking . Even the vet did n't really know what was causing it at first . After much research , they said it might be a zinc deficiency . I look all around for Zinc supplements but could n't find the right type & dosage that the vet recommended . My dachshund is only 8.5 lbs ! Even if I found the correct pill it would have been a nightmare splitting up pills every day figuring out the correct dosage!I give her 1 Zinpro treat daily . She gobbles it right up ! I 've also been feeding her a daily omega 3 supplement called 3V Skin Formula . It 's a liquid capsule that I puncture and squeeze over her nightly dinner . Between the two , it 's only taken a few weeks and 95 % of all of the hair has grown back on her ears !! She looks healthy and loves these treats ! What better way is there to get in the necessary zinc ?! I recommend these to every one I talk to who wants a dog with a healthier coat ! Go try it out !
 I got these biscuits because we have a Malamute who always seems to be scratching and the zinc in the biscuits was supposed to be more readily absorbed in her body than just plain zinc supplements and help with the scratching better . I do n't know , I think she might be scratching less and maybe now what 's left is just some nervous tick scratching , but the scratching has not stopped completely . On the plus side her coat is healthy and there does n't seem to be a kind of dry powder layer on it anymore that she used to have . She likes the wild salmon flavor a lot better than the turkey/barley flavor , but seriously what dog does n't like dog biscuits ? The product delivery on this was great . I ordered it one day and had it the next . Thanks .
 This sweater is great . It fits well , does not loose its shape and Daisy Mae justs loves it . She is a boxer/bulldog from Florida now living in Illinois . Needless to say , these Chicago winters are too cold for a dog with no fur ! She nevers wants it off . It looks very classy on her , not like some halloween dress up outfit . I had to go a size larger because of her barrel shaped body , the exchange went well , even at Christmas time ! Wish the company had sent a catalog along .
 This is a great product . My dog just had her third , and hopefully last , knee surgery . It has rained for 5 days straight after her surgery , and her Medipaw is the only thing that saved her bandage dressing . Kept it clean and dry when she went out to go to the bathroom . Easy on and off , has velcro straps to adjust fit , and a non-slip bottom . The non-slip bottom gives good grip and makes it easier for her to get up and down on slippery floors . She actually gets around better with it on than without it . I 'm still using it , even though her dressing came off yesterday because she has such better traction with it on . My only regret is that I did n't discover this two surgeries ago .
 I use this product all winter for my dogs . They never scratch fron dry skin all winter . This was Vet recommended and it is great . Suggestion would be to start with it in Sept and I use through April 15 or so.Highly recommend
 This oil will make your dogs coat shine . It has zinc and fish oil . The odor is not pleasant , but the dogs like it and it does make them look great .
 The dogs love it , and I can see the results in their shiny coats . I can put Omegaderm on my picky dog 's dry food and she eats it right up . Saves me from having to hand feed her pills and mixing in wet food .
 My Vet recommended this product for my dogs to keep their hair from getting dull . His price for a bottle one quarter the size of this was about the same . This is a great value . PS the hair on both dogs is looking much better .
 I 've been using this for a few years now . I 've got 3 German Shepherds . It makes their coat and skin look great . It 's full of Omega 3 's and zinc . If you have any inflammatory issues , this will help .
 She died before the order got here . I hate that the ratings require a set number of words . The order got here as advertised .
 perscribed by our vet as a supplement , purchased several packages there at double the price sold at Amazon . Great product , critters love 'em !!!
 I got these biscuits because we have a Malamute who always seems to be scratching and the zinc in the biscuits was supposed to be more readily absorbed in her body than just plain zinc supplements and help with the scratching better . I do n't know , I think she might be scratching less and maybe now what 's left is just some nervous tick scratching , but the scratching has not stopped completely . On the plus side her coat is healthy and there does n't seem to be a kind of dry powder layer on it anymore that she used to have . She likes the wild salmon flavor a lot better than the turkey/barley flavor , but seriously what dog does n't like dog biscuits ? The product delivery on this was great . I ordered it one day and had it the next . Thanks .
 soft but thin . my puppies like this dog bed , but prefer a bed that is thicker .
 I purchased the 46 x 29 for my Shepard/cattle dog mix . He loved it the minute we pulled it out of the box , maybe a little too much , rolling around , stroking his head back and forth over it -LRB- it 's so soft -RRB- . It 's great - give it 4 stars instead of 5 because i which it was a little thicker , but it 's fairly plush and padding is more than most . Excellent buy .
 Soft and gushee . I purchased this for my aging cat , BoBo . I washed this bed weekly , due to Bo 's incontinence . My only criticism is that the surface fabric became stuck together , which led to decreased softness , but the plushness remained . It was perfect for Bo ; I purchased one for my fathers aging cat Teddy - it 's just way comfy for aging bones . I 'd like to find one in my size ...
 Exactly what I was looking for
 This pad is great for crates . I have washed it once and so far it has n't frayed or come apart yet . I 've only had it for a few months so I will need to see how long it lasts . The pad is soft and the dogs seem to enjoy it .
 nothing fancy , but reasonably soft and rolls up easily -LRB- we bought it as a travel bed for one of our older dogs -RRB- . She definitely seeks it out at home vs laying on the hardwood . so it must be reasonably comfortable ! Good price ...
 This is a great product - my cats love it and all take turns sleeping on it especially when the fireplace is lit . I think I am going to have to buy more : -RRB-
 Thankfully my dog has been fully housebroken for six months or more , but when initially trying to break we used a pad and the wee wee dropper . She appeared to be attracted to the smell or at least she noticed it . If I was housebreaking another dog I would use again .
 These custom-fitted floor panels are the reason I ordered the Ex-Pen ! Prior to ordering the Ex-Pen , I had a plasic pen that sat on a larger tarp . Not only did it look tacky , it was a pain ! If you needed to move the pen without help , it was a hassle to get the pen on top of the tarp & keep the tarp aligned & straight . Also , my puppy would `` dig '' the tarp & uncover the floor.These panels are GREAT ! If you move the pen , the bottom moves with it . When you straighten the sides of the pen , the bottom straightens with it . I thought it was extremely easy to snap the panel on to the sides of the pen even though one reviewer did n't think so . I guess after the hassel of the other pen , this seemed like a breeze!I ordered both shapes of bottom -LRB- Rectangular & Octagonal -RRB- . Both work with the same pen , but depending on where you want to set it up , one shape or the other might work better for you . If you 're going to be using the pen for a long time , I think the added flexibility is probably worth the additional expense . -LRB- Plus , if you need to launder one panel , you can use the other one while you do . -RRB-
 My mother 's dog -LRB- a black German Shepherd mix -RRB- will go through a `` normal '' sized rawhide chew in one night . So I got him this one . Weeks later one knuckle is still left and well chewed . So I think this is good value for the money . Warning , it IS very large . Give it to a Chihuahua and have your camcorder ready so you can post to YouTube . LOL
 I have a one year old lab/pit bull mix who will chew up a 10 '' rawhide in a day . We 've purchased two of these 24 '' rawhide 's and they each lasted about a month .
 My two border collies can eat through 10-inch `` rawhide rolls '' in one evening -LRB- that 's one bone per dog -RRB- . That gets expensive ! These 24-inch bones with knotted ends are a better deal . I give one to each of my two dogs and the bones last 3 weeks . I ordered these at the end of September . Noticed the Amazon price went up by $ 1.72 per bone in October . Not happy with the price jump , but it 's still a better deal than the 10-inch bones .
 Got this for our retriever / doberman mix ... she loved it ! At first it was so large that I think she was a bit intimidated by it , but after a few days of coming up with an attack strategy she went right to town ... and finished it in 3 days.Typically a large rawhide lasts about 4-5 hours for her , so it was definitely a value . Also , it was hilarious to watch her run around the house holding onto it.Bought it for one of our friends pitbulls too , it 's a great dog gift !
 Our Siberian Husky loves to gnaw . She spends hours day after day chewing on this bone . It lasts a long time -LRB- much longer than any others that I 've tried -RRB- so I think it is $ well spent . Keeps her busy and happy .
 My dog loved this large bone ! It actually lasted 2 weeks or so before it was gone .
 My dog -LRB- medium sized husky -RRB- loves rawhide as her favorite treat . This was so fun to give for Christmas . Her eyes lit up !
 Our pitbull boxer mix Sandy who will be 1 yr old Feb. 14th was very happy with her Christmas presents , but this bone was her favorite we believe . Took her 9 days and nobody was touchin ' it . -LRB- well , except her dad owner , lol -RRB-
 I have 2 Jack Russells and they love these bones ... they are not small but not too big for them :--RRB- they cant get enough and they last long and they dont smell after a few uses like other ones .
 The bones showed up quickly and were good quality . I have no complaints and would recommend the company and product .
 My Greater Swiss Mountain Dog did n't know what to do with this bone at first b/c it was so massive . I ordered 3 of them and can not believe the size . Well worth the money . Buy more so shipping is less ! Will definitely purchase these again .
 I ordered the 22 to 24 inch bone for my dog . It arrived quickly and was more like 36 to 40 inches which was nice . The dog really liked it . It costs a lot to ship so I would only go this route if you cant go to a store . -LRB- I am in Iraq -RRB- The company had great fast service , if they sell other things that ship cheaper than a 4 foot bone I will use them again .
 Ordered several 22 '' to 24 '' rawhide bones for my dag for the holidays and shipment was prompt ... Even a ribbon on the bones for my Champ !!!
 I have bought these large rawhides for my two large dogs -LRB- shepherd/st . bernard and lab/retriever -RRB- and they last for several days to weeks and the dogs just love running around with them more than with smaller ones . However , they can be messy on carpet .
 I have a 120lb . Rottie and he was so ecited when this bone came to him in the mail !!! It was a great size for him and he loved it !
 My 100lb Choc Lab will only settle down in the house if he has a Rawhide to chew on . Some bones , he goes through and chews up so fast . These seem to be made better and are lasting him longer , especially since it is so cold outside , which means he is spending more time inside !
 he eat the whole thing in one day just keep going and going going going going going going going goiong
 Dogs were not sure what to do with it . Took them a long time to eat all of it . Worth the money .
 Have a doberman mix that chews most bones in one night . This one will take a little while for her . Shipping was quick and the price was great compared to smaller bones for the same cost . Will be buying more .
 We purchased two of the rawhide dog bones for our two dogs - we have a pitbull mix and a boxer , both who go through rawhides like they are going out of style . We had spent 30 $ at Petsmart for a similar product , but they didnt enjoy the Petsmart ones as much as these ones . They went through these ones like CRAZY !!! I HIGHLY recommend them .
 Luci is park husky park Great Dane she is 100 pound dog and chews these up alot 1 week not tobad the other I bought from the name brand stores last 1 day
 Shipping was fast ! The bones are good quality . Some are smaller than others but , they are thick inside . My pitbull loves them ! Saved 2/3 's by not paying $ 16 - $ 20 each at pets stores . Will be buying them here from now on .
 Kept my 9 month old Golden Retriever intimidated for 3 days trying to figure out how to handle this massive chew . After one week , he has chewed -LRB- maybe -RRB- 10 % of the rawhide bone . I 've purchased the typical rawhide chews only to see my money devoured in a day . This large , heavy rawhide chew keeps my Golden entertained for hours every day and is still going . Would highly recommend for your large breed dog who likes to chew , and chew , and chew .
 I have two rats , and they go through water quite quickly . I decided instead of buying a huge water bottle I 'd get a second one of these nice glass ones . Some people complained on other sites that their animals can not get water out of them , I have NOT had this problem . I have a feeling some may be filling them too full , not allowing the air exchange to occur.My rats have no issues getting water from these , and because they are glass they can be put in the dishwasher . The attachment system is sturdy , and easy to remove the water bottle to fill . The little duckie inside shows the water level easily . I would imagine for a child 's pet , this would make it easier for a child to know when they need to fill it . I just enjoy the cute factor however as I do n't have children.TL : DR
 I have had my African gray for 14 years . Been through many bottles with him . This it the best . I does not leak at all . The best part is its made from glass so I am not exposing him to toxic dioxins . I LOVE it ! Highly recommend it !
 Hi . I bought this bottle a few days ago , and was not happy with it , because at first water was flowing through just fine , but then it stopped . I did n't realize water was n't coming out until late the next day , and my rats were dehydrated . I played with it , until water flowed again , but it stopped shortly after . I figured out that if the bottle is filled above the notch for the springy holder , a vaccuum is created , which holds the water back . Please be sure that the bottle is not over-filled . I like this water bottle , again . It was a rollercoaster ride , though .
 I am a wildlife rehabilitator and I use this product mostly with young squirrels . I have spent what seems like a small fortune on the plastic water bottles only to have them become useless when squirrels do what squirrels are famous for -- chewing ! This bottle is completely chew proof ! I can also use a bleach solution to sanitize it without worry . I will recommend this product to other rehabilitators !
 I have a Siberian Husky & a `` Mutt '' , both around 40lbs each . I 've tried all those liquid drops flea control but I hated putting poison on my pets . I was thrilled to find this product-it 's safe , natural , effective & easy ! I squirt a little canned cheese on the pills & my dogs eat them up . They 've been taking these garlic tabs for about a year , & they work great without any side effects -LRB- unlike those poison liquid drops -RRB- . We live on a lake with woods -LRB- lots of bugs & ticks -RRB- . My `` Mutt '' used to have itchy , dry skin along with a serious dog smell , but both have gone away since he 's been taking these tabs . I ca n't say enough good things about this product , I hope they never stop making it ! I also recommend Springtime 's other products ... my 13 year old Husky has arthritis in his legs , but since putting him on Springtime 's Longevity Powder he 's back to running around like a puppy !
 If you are looking to keep your avian friends healthy , this is the best way to do just that !!!!! It is a simple way to keep them healthy at a great price !!!!!
 soft but thin . my puppies like this dog bed , but prefer a bed that is thicker .
 I purchased the 46 x 29 for my Shepard/cattle dog mix . He loved it the minute we pulled it out of the box , maybe a little too much , rolling around , stroking his head back and forth over it -LRB- it 's so soft -RRB- . It 's great - give it 4 stars instead of 5 because i which it was a little thicker , but it 's fairly plush and padding is more than most . Excellent buy .
 Soft and gushee . I purchased this for my aging cat , BoBo . I washed this bed weekly , due to Bo 's incontinence . My only criticism is that the surface fabric became stuck together , which led to decreased softness , but the plushness remained . It was perfect for Bo ; I purchased one for my fathers aging cat Teddy - it 's just way comfy for aging bones . I 'd like to find one in my size ...
 Exactly what I was looking for
 This pad is great for crates . I have washed it once and so far it has n't frayed or come apart yet . I 've only had it for a few months so I will need to see how long it lasts . The pad is soft and the dogs seem to enjoy it .
 nothing fancy , but reasonably soft and rolls up easily -LRB- we bought it as a travel bed for one of our older dogs -RRB- . She definitely seeks it out at home vs laying on the hardwood . so it must be reasonably comfortable ! Good price ...
 This is a great product - my cats love it and all take turns sleeping on it especially when the fireplace is lit . I think I am going to have to buy more : -RRB-
 This was a replacement for an existing doggie door . The previous one lasted about four years .
 It is approximately 1/4 '' short on the bottom so it allows cold air -LRB- air conditioning that we pay for -RRB- to escape from our home and it allows hot air -LRB- from outside -RRB- to come into our home ... it should be a little longer . .
 Excellent Product . Given how much use this thing gets , I 'm amazed at how long it lasts ! This is actually the second one I 've purchased through Amazon.com . I 'm getting roughly 2 years of service from these flaps before needing to be replace . Not bad considering that I have 11 dogs blasting through it everyday . The weak point in the flap is the area where it hinges . In really cold weather the rubber -LRB- or silicon -RRB- becomes hard and begins to crack . Eventually the hinge point begins to tear.I hope this helps in your decision to buy ... Petsafe 4-0113-11 Large Replacement Single Flap
 Great product ! The original flap lasted for several years with 3 dogs going in and out almost constantly before it finally developed a small crack in one edge , so I replaced it with this one .
 This was exactly what I needed , eventhough the original is nearly 10 years old . I was not able to buy it at several pet stores I visited and it was simple to install the replacement into the existing door . BL
 At half of the price of the same piece from the company , this is a good deal , took 5 minutes to replace . Dog door is now seale again and cold air stays out . I highly recommend this .
 This is the correct replacement flap for the petsafe large dog door . Worked fine and the door is like new .
 replaced previous door and was pretty easy to install . fit well . old door was worn and was not holding a good seal but the replacement we are seeing an improvement already . Have 2 dogs that go in and out constantly and its heavy enough to last for several years .
 I 'm so glad I purchased this flap replacement . It was easy to install , fits in my doggie door perfectly , and works and looks great . My doggie door looks like new again , and , more importantly , with this new flap , hot and cold air and dirt are kept out . I should have purchase it sooner .
 The item was exactly what we were looking for . It arrived in a very timely manner . We will look to Amazon when it 's time to replace it again .
 This flap was just right the old one was real bad and with winter coming up I had to do something . The flap was very easy to replace and fits GREAT looks just like the day we got it . Worth every cent !!!!
 The flap arrived quickly and we installed it easily within a few minutes . Fit was perfect . Our original flap lasted over 15 years .
 I installed my Petsafe door about four years ago . The flap held up extremely well considering the heavy use it receives from our five Shi-Tzus . The replacement flap was easy to install . It took me less than five minutes . You remove two screws on the frame side and one in the top corner and pull inside away from door . Then simply slide the old one out and the new one in . There is no need to remove the whole door . Keep in mind this flap only fits the aluminum frame Petsafe doors . They make another type with a plastic frame . The flap for this type is clamped in with a plastic bar with four small screws and has four holes at the top . Make sure you order the correct one for your Petsafe door .
 This flap fit perfectly into our PetSafe doggy door . Its good quality and nice and heavy . The Magnets keep it sealed closed to prevent water or insects from entering . It was very easy to install as well , less that 5 minutes .
 we received exactly what we ordered and worked like a charm !!! Best price available on Amazon website . I would highly recommend this product .
 yes it is a replacement.not as simple to install as indicatedon box.expensive but one has no choiceif you want fido to go in and out .
 Works great !!! I have installed 4 doors like this both in my house and in my daughters houses . They are great and the dogs have no problem with them . If you have a puppy that wants to chew everything , it might decide to chew the rubber flap . No fault of the door , but it is a little expensive to replace , -LRB- about $ 60 -RRB- .
 I am very pleased with this product.Make sure you measure the opening . Do n't just guess . It is very important that you get a good fit . Received the replacement flap in a timely manner . Fits great . First time I ordered through Amazon . It was a good experience .
 Perfect replacement for the flap my dog ripped while testing how fast he get go in and out the door .
 I just received the replacement flap and installed it . It fit perfectly and installed in less than 2 minutes ! Ready for winter !
 Quality is the same as the one that came with the patio door insert dog door . Very easy to install.Fits the same and works the same . Definately cheaper than new dog doorPetSafe 1-Piece Classic Replacement Flap , Large , 4-0113-11
 This was for replacement in an older aluminum wall door . The tabs that are supposed to hold in the flap are not as thick as the originalsso after replacing this and the dogs going in and out a few times , I looked up to see that there was a hole in my wall where there shouldbe a flap !! My husband fixed this by pinching the frame in just a bit to hold the flap tighter .
 Easy to install , the right product . shipping pretty effecient . Compared to one store i found flap at , reasonably priced . A little annoyed though that pet safe changed product completely , but it worked out .
 It worked great and was at a low price . It shipped quickly . It was just as advertized . I was well satisfied customer .
 Quality is the same as the one that came with the patio door insert dog door . Fits the same and works the same . Not much to it . Just wish the price was n't so high . Kind of pricey for a square piece of rubber .
 The door was easy to install as advertised . Very fast shipping . Dogs and I are all very pleased and satisfied with the replacement door .
 great product . good deal . shipped on time . Was just what i needed . Fit in the door just right . I will order again when needed a new one . Thanks
 Product arrived timely and in good packaging . The dimensions listed on the item description were a little off from the actual , but since we have purchased the product previously , we knew what we would actually receive .
 It fits well , but it 's just a little bit shorter than the original , so there 's a small air gap . Otherwise it 's great
 I have the PetSafe dog door that came in the storm door that I purchased at Loew 's . After 5 years of constant use by 2 dogs , the plastic was permanently curled on the sides . With the heating season here , I was losing $ $ with heat escaping . So I bought this replacement flap . It 's a perfect fit , and it 's much warmer by the door now . I just wish I did n't have to take the whole dog door assembly apart to replace the flap . But it was worth the effort .
 After 5 years of high-speed entries and exits with up to 6 huge dogs at a time , my old door flap was ready to come off . After shopping around , I discovered that Amazon had it for the best price with free shipping so I went for it . Works like new .
 I bought this as a replacement to the flap from our storm or screen door . We had a dog we were watching for a friend find our old one quite appetizing while we were at work . To replace the storm door flap , I followed the basic video instructions I found from their website . I removed the nearly the entire frame from the dog door and finally got it to slide out then in . I was worried about the size of door/flap . The Large one is the regular door that comes pre-installed on the storm doors , so this one fit perfectly .
 As stated above , this replacement flap is abit too wide for my pet door -LRB- I have a sliding door insert -RRB- , but it is an improvement over the original - which warped for some reason . If it had been a perfect fit , it would have gotten a 5-star rating .
 The product was very hard to install , and the instructions are not correct on how to install . You have to take the whole pet door part out of the door and use a screwdriver to get the flap in . However , the customer service was excellent . I moved and the address was not changed timely and the product was not delivered . I contacted the company and they immediately resent the item . Awesome !!
 I like it and it does what it is sompose to do and you ask for two many words so I will probably do this again .
 After years of heavy use , the original flap started to tear at the top where it flexes most . The replacing it with a new one was easy and it fit perfectly .
 Since this is a replacement flap for PetSafe patio panel dog door , the product should not be a surprise - it 's just like the flap that came with the patio door panel when it was new . However , the Amazon description gives the wrong dimensions . Likely this will put a number of people off from buying one . Anyway , compare by the model number and you should be good to go .
 This flap worked perfect as a replacement for my old ripped flap . I really wish the product description included the dimensions , it would hav been helpful to know I was ordering the right size . The approximate opening size is 8.5 '' wide by 11.5 '' tall .
 My old flap was curled around the edges and the magnets did n't work right when it got cold out . Needless to say in the winter it leaked a lot of air . I ordered the large flap . It fits perfect in a 10.25 by 15.5 inch opening . Was a good deal with free shipping .
 This product was a replacement for the one that had worn out on my doogie door . I have large dogs that pound through the doggie doors and this product works great and seals back in to place everytime
 The flap on our dog door got torn . I ordered this replacement flap and it fits perfectly . The one complaint I do have is that it is a little difficult to replace . The instructions make it seem simple , however , you have to take the entire frame off to replace the flap . The product itself is great !
 Easy replacement at a fraction of the price of a new pet door . It works very well .
 This particular item was very difficult to find . Most pet stores and on-line stores do not carry the medium-tall replacement flap , and I was afraid that I was going to have to replace the entire door . It is easy to install and works well .
 PetSafe Extra Large Replacement Flap recently purchased to replace a 4 year old dog flap . Received in a timely manner accompanied with simple , easy to follow directions . New flap installed in 5 minutes , and , item fits like original .
 New doors were easy to install and work like they are supposed to . Reccomend for classic in-wall style dog door .
 work great , went right in , was verry easy to do , well i dont have 10 more words now u want 3
 Best thing since cherry pie ! I have several small dogs and they use this door several times a day , gives them their freedom and of course they do their business outside !
 The replacement flap arrived on time and seemed fine . I did n't open it as the picture shown on the box did not show the four screws visible at the top of my pet door . As a renter , I did n't know what kind of a door I had . I called PetSafe and a rep asked me a few questions and told me I had a Freedom door . I found one locally , which looked like it would be perfect -- it was n't . I called one more time and this rep asked me several more questions , including if the screws at the top of my plastic frame door were evenly spaced and if the panel to close off the door slid down from the top -LRB- and if my door was flexible , not rigid -RRB- . I answered yes to all her questions and was told I have a Quick Fit door . UGH . If I had this to do over again , I would call the company and describe the door in detail BEFORE making any purchase for a replacement flap . Hopefully three will be a charm . Wishing you better luck !
 A couple of things to be aware of . First , this seems to be made for the defunct PetSafe &#34; Classic &#34; door with the aluminum frame . I have the defunct PetSafe &#34; Classic &#34; door with the plastic frame . The dimensions are the same , but there are a few differences between the two that I had to deal with . First , the four elongated &#34; buttons &#34; at the top of the flap are intended to fit into a different type of casing than the one I have . Mine is only a metal bar with 4 screw holes which allows the bar and screws to push the flap tight against the plastic frame . The protruding vinyl &#34; buttons &#34; caused space which would have leaked air . This was resolved with an exacto knife and I was able to fairly easily remove the &#34; buttons &#34; from -LRB- both sides of -RRB- the flap . The second issue is that there are 3 short magnets at the bottom rather than the one long one in the original . It did n't hold that well for the first few days , but now seems to work better than it did . That could be due to physics , electron alignment , whatever - so I really ca n't fault the product for that.I considered getting a new pet door . However , the size of the opening cut into the actual door for the &#34; Classic &#34; model I have is larger than the one required for the &#34; New &#34; model for the large sized flap . So , the only reasonable options I had was to -LRB- a -RRB- enlarge the opening and get an new &#34; Extra Large &#34; doggie door/flap , -LRB- b -RRB- get a new door for the house and size it accordingly , or -LRB- c -RRB- make this one work . I 'm glad I went with option -LRB- c -RRB- , although I wish they still sold the flap for my particular &#34; Classic &#34; model .
 Perfect fit and easy to replace . My stupid cat wrecked our other door over the years of pulling it in instead of just walking out through it . I was happy to be able to just replace the door and not take the whole thing apart .
 Perfect replacement fit for an old door . Was very easy to install . Good quality . Looks nice after install . Looks like new .
 Perfect fit & easy to install . Two screws and five minutes later we had a new dog door flap ready to use .
 I had purchased the dog door over 4 years ago for 200 bucks . The flap finaly wore out . I went to petsmart and everywhere else you could imagine . To my suprise after being told the flap was discontinued boom there it was with an awesome price to go along with it .
 Our PetSafe `` Deluxe Patio Panel Door '' -LRB- Part # AA01-211-11 -RRB- has seen about 10 years of service so it was WAY past time to replace the flap.Once I saw that I could get this shipped free with my Prime membership , I ordered the 4-0110-11 . The actual size of this flap is 53/8 '' w x 713/16 '' h . This leaves about 1/8 '' on each side for the flap to move freely . There are conflicting measurements attributed to these flaps , and that 's the measurement of this flap from my own measurements.As with the original , there are two magnets imbedded in the bottom to keep the flap in place during moderate wind.My flap changed out a bit differently than was shown on the package . On the package , the diagram directs the removal of a screw from the top right side of the pet door panel . On my sliding glass door model , there is a single screw at the top interior side.Once that single screw is removed , the aluminum retaining piece slides down and then out of the flap opening . Then you just slide the old flap out and slide the new flap into the horizontal channel , push the retaining piece back up into the panel and replace the screw.After doing it once , I am confident this could be done in under a minute the second time.The new cat flap looks great , seals much better than the old worn one did -LRB- at the end , in its old age -RRB- . I wish I 'd done this earlier!Amazon 2-day Prime shipping was just the ticket , too .
 We moved into our home 6 months ago and are n't sure how long the doggie door has been installed , but my two beagles love it . They go in and out at least a dozen times per day and through the Texas heat , sun , and recent cold-spell with rain , the door has shown its wear . It began to curl inwards which left a steady stream of cold air blowing into our home . In addition , enough room for insects to enter which forced us to keep the main door closed.I considered replacing the entire door with the weather-specific version -LRB- has 2 flaps -RRB- , but decided to give a replacement flap a go . Since there are n't any significant adjustments to be made , I pulled the trigger on this model -LRB- be sure to measure -RRB- . The removal of the old and installation of this replacement took 20-30 minutes and proved instantly effective . It is a touch larger than the space provided which allows it to catch with friction and create a seal.I saved my old , worn one and let rest on the counter while installing the new one . It was almost completely flat after 30 minutes . I have a feeling the rubber got a bit warped with the weather and use over time and that it might come back once stored at normal temps , so I saved it . For now , this replacement now seals out the exterior elements so my beagles are happy to free access to our yard again .
 But it fits in the dog door , what more could I have expected . The flap fits and is better than the old warped one it replaced .
 Ordered this as a replacement flap for our large PetSafe dog door . It was easy to install the replacement -- I ca n't recommend this enough if your existing flap is warping causing gaps for heat to flow in/out of the house .
 The dog door this flap is used in has been installed in a wall for over 20 years . This is the third replacement flap installed ; the last one was quite worn our , dirty , and in need of replacement.A few minutes of research on line , along with a bunch of running around town -LRB- to no avail -RRB- to get a replacement , led me to this.As long as they keep making these old-style dog door flaps , folks like me will be replacing them every few years .
 If you use the PetSafe door for your pet door , this replacement is durable and a great value . Price is a better value than the price offered by PetSafe . I have large dogs who are very hard on the flap going in and out , and this replacement Flap holds up to the wear and tear of useage .
 This flap is the same flap supplied with the original door . It was easy to put in the door , although the plastic screws did n't want to co-operate after being painted 5 years ago . The video shows you exactly how to do it .
 Item delivered as ordered , and quickly . The door has lasted well , despite heavy use . I replace this vinyl flap door annually due to use . Mild SoCal weather is not a factor .
 The replacement door was easy to install ; only a screwdriver is needed . Once installed , the door was flush to the frame , stopping air and bugs from entering -LRB- problem with old door -RRB- . I 'm happy with the product .
 I have big dogs and the wear and tear on this door flap is massive . So glad to know I do n't have to replace the whole thing .
 Very easy to replace in about 15 min . Just needed A phillips head screw driver and some caulking for around the edges .
 We purchased a newer version flap by mistake . This one has notches at the top . If you are looking for a replacement , you 'll know what I mean by notches
 Easy to install . My second one to purchase . Easy to wipe clean . Like the dark smokey color . Would definetely recommend .
 Exact replacement item . Molded tabs slide into frame . Easy to install . There are two types of these be sure to find the molded numbers on your original .
 The petsafe door arrived quickly from amazon . It was very easy to install , one screw slide the old one off and slide the new one on . Fit perfectly
 the newer doors are much more inferior than the old . Guess they build them to break . Glad to find a replacement for the original petsafe door .
 Have had this door for over nine years . This is only the second replacement flap in all that time.Would give it five stars if only it would fit tighter around the edge . Need a good seal with 115 degree weather and AC running . Had to build up one side with weather strip to get a good seal .
 We had to replace the existing flap because of cold Wyoming winters . This was easy to install .
 No more cold air rushing past the door flap that had become distorted with the weather . Do n't know why I waited so long to order this . It took less than 10 minutes to install with only a screwdriver .
 It took a while to determine the exact flap I needed for the door I have . My local `` big-box '' pet store thought they had the right one , but it they did n't . Apparently , Pet-Safe has bought up another line of doors and the flaps may look like the right part , but can be confused . I went to the Pet-Safe site and reviewed their flap replacement video to insure that I had the right one . Once I was sure , I returned to Amazon and ordered it , fairly confident it was the right flap . It worked just like in the video . Be careful , check the Pet-Safe site and when you get the right part , it should work perfectly . This one does and it 's the best price I could find anywhere !
 This product is always difficult to find in this particular size . But , as always , amazon comes through with the product and a price cheaper than anyone else .
 My dogs love their ` doggie ' door . I have three panel for them to go through to cut down on the wind and cold coming in . The dog door is a great convience and give the dogs freedom to come and go as they like . I suggest a dog door for any one with dogs . It can be closed to keep the dogs in or out depending on what is going on .
 Fit Perfectly ! Adopt a pet . -LSB- ... -RSB- I thought it was only for the built-in dog doors , but this fit perfectly for my sliding glass door partition . They must design it to fit both types which is a great design !
 I got this flap delivered in no time , and installation was a breeze , after viewing the installation video on PetSafe 's web page . It 's nice to have a new flap that blocks the cold air from escaping in the summer , and from blowing in in the winter . Great product .
 I finaly broke down and bought this replacement door fitted great took mins to install.We should of done this years ago , Our old one had been letting cold air inand I hated it.Once we replaced it with the new flap house much warmer . We were even shoping for a whole new dog door when I cam across the replacement one saved tons over a whole new door .
 The product was as specified in the ad and it was shipped out and recieved very quickly .
 The replacment flap was all I hoped it would be and the easy of installing the new door was great.Fast delivery and Great product .
 The replacement flap does a good job but the instructions to install it could have been more thorough .
 The replacement flap was easy to install , and worked well in the warmer weather . When it is cold outside , the plastic shrinks up a little so that the magnets on the bottom of the flap can not make good contact with the metal at the bottom of the frame to keep the flap in the closed position .
 My boxer finally wore her old flap out for her pet door . Finding one locally was a chore so straight to Amazon and I found it . Shipped quickly and once screw removed the old flap and the new flap slid right in.I keep the flaps for a year or more but I do wish there was something more sturdy . After about 8 months of my boxer going in and out , the sides curl a little which would make my wife freak out that a bug would get in the house but for the price , it 's just easy to replace it !
 We have an old dog door that attaches to the wall . The replacement flap was not available at any stores . -LRB- We were told that the company changes styles about every other year-making it hard to find the correct flap -RRB- . Luckily we found this one ! It is a perfect fit .
 was as a replacement to a flap we have had for probably 7 years with no problem . The replacement was perfect . I had tried to get the flap locally , but none were the right fit.Thanks
 I 'd been searching for a replacement flap this size for more than a year , getting very discouraged each time I searched . It was just a fluke that I decided to see if Amazon had one that would fit even tho ' I 'd looked on every pet-door website - and much to my surprise , there it was ! It was very , very easy to replace the flap and the only downfall was that it 's tinted and I had to tempt my three little guys with a treat on the other side as they could n't quite figure out if this was a doggie door or a replacement wall I put up .
 Great price , arrived quickly and was easy to install . -- more words are required more words are required.more words are required.more words are required .
 Fit perfect ... exactly what I ordered ... would order again . I thought the price was a good price for it , as i had paid more on a previous replacement .
 We 've had this door system for many years and it 's been great . We used it when we had 50 # Sharpeis as well as 10 # Yorkies . When the big dogs got older it was especially wonderful to have !!
 It came just as shown and replaced the old one perfectly ! I recommend it ! Love how the magnets keeps the wind from flipping it open .
 I bought this replacement flap for a PetSafe patio dog door . We have two large labs and the door gets a lot of use . The flap fits perfectly and was easy to install .
 The product was as expected , was just what we needed and does the job it should do . I am extremely satisfied .
 It was an absolute perfect fit . Thanks.We had a terrible time trying to find this pet door anywhere in town including Home Depot where we bought the original pet door .
 The flap is great - allows my pets to go in and out easily - my only issue with it is that they do n't last as long as I think they should for the price they cost .
 The size of the door fit perfect . However the door is for a patio door not the one that goes through the wall that was a little misleadind . Over all a good product .
 If fit exactly and now there is no more cold air coming in around it . Great buy ! I would highly recommend this product .
 Quick and easy service . Product was exactly what we needed . We were not able to find it at the pet store so worked out great .
 The replacement for the dog door was great . It fit right in , no issues . Thanks for making a great product . My dog loves it !!
 I had to replace the flap in my door because when the dogs decided to go through it and it was -30 out , the old one snapped in half ! The flap was the right one and was easy to replace !
 I purchased this to replace the original flap in my deluxe panel door flap that lasted for nearly 3 years . My old one was tearing at the top . It was a great price compared to many other online stores . I double checked the part # prior to ordering to make sure it was the correct size . It fit perfectly and hugs the sides very well . I am very happy it is now installed and hope it will not need replacing for another 3 years because Petsafe did not make it easy to replace the flap on the panel door style .
 This replacement flap for our doggie dog was impossible to find locally so I was very glad to find it on Amazon . It would have been terrible to have to change the whole door just for a lack of the right flap . It has to be the one specifically for the door you have .
 Bought this to replace the flap on our `` Greater Freedom '' cat door . The flap is nice and works as expected . Actually it is about two millimeaters too short so I have tried to cut back the draft this creates using weather stripping . I gave it four out of five because these stupid things are so expensive for what they are !
 My PetSafe replacement flap was very easy to replace . Now , if could only get my Jack Russell terrier to quit biting it on his way out the door I 'd be very happy .
 This flap is the ideal replacement for our 17 year old Insta Fit doggie door . The directions for installation are clearly shown on the package . There is a show how video clip available on YouTube.The measurement of this flap is a scant 8 inches by 11 inches long . Measurements are incorrect in this listing for the medium size.In our case , we needed to raise the magnet bar on the bottom strip before putting the unit back together . This is not shown in the video , or on the box , but it was there to be adjusted ! No more drafts because of warping due to age .
 This particular dog door flap was not easy to find at out local pet stores , maybe due to the age of our door . Finding it on line though seemed to be very easy and the purchase went off without any problems . The fit was exact and there were no issues with installation .
 This is my 2nd purchase of this product . The first lasted around 2 years , which is the same as the OEM . So I expect in 2014 I 'll be buying again . I have 2 dogs and the larger one barges through the flap like a reckless driver speeds through a yellow light . All that takes a toll on the poor flap . LOLFor those that are buying for the first time , replacement is easy . The original kit only has one screw -LRB- at top , halfway -RRB- , that was also sheered off in one of dog 's episodes . I drilled out the remainder of the screw and then drilled 2 holes , one to the right and one to the left of center . Once the screw -LRB- s -RRB- are removed , the metal piece holding the flag slides downward and out . The flap slides out from that metal piece like sliding your debit card at a store terminal . The whole process of removing the old , installing the new and replacing the metal piece took about 10 minutes or less .
 PetSafe replacement flap was delivered quick and I was able to install flap in less than 5 minutes . Large flap was the same dimensions as the original flap , which my chocolate labrador has used for years .
 Bought this as a replacement for the original door I have had for 8 plus years . The flap is the exact replacement for the original and it fits and performs perfect .
 The PetSafe Extra Large door was installed over ten years ago . The flap has survived use by a dozen dogs and two Grandsons . The edges started cracking last month and allowed insects in . Amazon made acquiring a replacement flap very easy . The door and replacement flap are great and I will purchase PetSafe products in the future .
 I needed a replacement for the flap in my Pet Safe Storm Door . The hardest decision was SIZE and the Large was a perfect fit for my door . I was extremely hard to measure since our mini-dachshund was `` assisting '' throughout the process . Finally ordered the Large and after instillation , found it was a perfect fit -LRB- Heck - same company - duh -RRB- . Once fully assembled both our Mini-Dachshund -LRB- Jaegar -RRB- and Standard Poodle -LRB- Bailey -RRB- gave the door a final inspection prior to a field test and approval . My work passed ! Jaegar always pokes his head out then jumps through . Bailey is a little older and uses the door with a little more dignity . -LRB- Unless there is a deer in the woods - then it is a race to see who get out first -RRB- . Now if you have a Pet Safe Door and have never tried to replace the Flap in one , you might want to pay attention . It is not as easy as it could be , but not complicated either . You will need a Phillips Head Screwdriver -LRB- manual is good enough - you only have to remove eight -LRB- 8 -RRB- screws -RRB- .1 . Remove the two -LRB- 2 -RRB- Phillips Head Screws holding each side piece . Set screws in a safe place . Remove the side pieces and set aside .2 . Remove the two -LRB- 2 -RRB- Phillips Head Screws holding the bottom piece . Set screws in a safe place . Remove the bottom piece and set aside .3 . Remove the two -LRB- 2 -RRB- Phillips Head Screws holding the top piece . Set screws in a safe place . Remove the top piece and set aside .4 . Flap Assembly will Slide out of the outside of the door . Remove carefully .5 . Remove both of the Phillips Head Screws holding the top of the Frame Assembly together -LRB- located on the side -RRB- .6 . Pull the Flap and the top bar from the Flap Assembly and replace the flap.Reassemble all in reverse order . When you replace the Phillips Head Screws in the Top , Bottom , and Side bars , do not fully tighten until all have been inserted , you might have to align slightly before final tightening.I have posted some pictures if you get lost .
 The PetSafe replacement flap was a perfect fit for the dog door panel we have to the back yard . Easy removal of the old flap and installation of the new one . Thanks !
 This was the only place I could find the PetSafe Classic door flap at a reasonable -LRB- stores seem to only carry the Freedom flap -RRB- . The first flap lasted a good 5 years . The flap is thick enough to not have to use the solid door cover in winter , but flexible enough so when my labs -LRB- 3 of them -RRB- run through it , opens easily enough .
 I have older pet doors by PetSafe and the flaps used to be more clear/transparent . I checked with the company web-site and the flaps I received in my recent order are the correct model number -LRB- as seen on the box -RRB- ... so it seems PetSafe is manufacturing them a bit darker than they used to -LRB- as other reviews mention -RRB- . I have noticed my cats will sit at the flap and peer through it before going out ... so that is why I wanted them to be more transparent ... but after some use the flaps darken anyway so it 's not a huge issue.The price I paid -LRB- 15.99 -RRB- for these is lower than I found elsewhere too .
 After almost five years , the original flap to the doggie door had about a two inch tear at the top from heavy use by a dog and two cats . This replacement flap was a perfect fit and super easy to install . Amazon had the best price for the original replacement flap . Perfect .
 The hardest part of this order was measuring te one I already had . Every time I got on one knee with the measuring tape m dog had to come and nose around.It was a large replacement flap , the exchange of the old flap for the new one was easy , and it is even a bit darker so less light comes in .
 Purchased this for my sliding patio door from PetSafe . It does not come with any hardware . You basically remove your old flap , pull off the metal flap holder and slide the replacement in . I wish PetSafe had a model which already included the metal piece.Overall , it fit just fine in my older model PetSafe door . .
 Am 100 % satisfied with the PetSafe medium/tall replacement doggie door flap ! It is made of excellent durable material , makes a seal-tight connection with the opening -LRB- preventing critters to enter ! -RRB- , and is easy for my miniature schnauzer to open . The delivery of the item was very timely and the installation was a breeze .
 This PetSafe replacement flap is a perfect fit and is exactly what I was searching for . This particular replacement flap -LRB- extra-large -RRB- was rather hard to find since it is an older model `` slide in '' flap rather than the newer `` screw in '' flap and was n't available at any of my local retail pet or hardware stores . Additionally , it was quite expensive on the PetSafe website . Finding it on Amazon for a reasonable price saved me from having to replace the entire doggy door .
 Was n't sure if this would fit our x-large PetSafe dog door since the original did n't have a part number or anything to identify it . But this worked perfectly ! Thank goodness for the good pictures of it online . Best of all , we save a lot buying it on Amazon.com over the chain pet store .
 Good replacement flap , a bit expensive for a piece of plastic but I need one to replace a warped flap . I got a medium flap & fits nicely , snugly on my Petsafe AR11-611-11 Medium door panel with an approximate opening size of 8.5 '' x 11.5 '' . I searched youtube for the correct DIY video instructions on how to replace the flap as the instructions on the box looks like for another Petsafe model . Replacing it was simple and easy to do and it just took me about 5 minutes .
 Great product . Had a door for years , with the flap deteriorating due to weather , use , etc. . Did n't realize these replacements were available . Purchased , received in 2 days -LRB- Prime - awesome -RRB- . Installation literally took about 45 seconds . Had to take one screw out , loosen another , and the flap came right out . Just slide the new one in and reverse steps , and voila . Could n't be easier .
 I love this ! We have lived with our doggie flap leaking air both in the summer and winter and paid dearly in air conditioning and heating bills . I finally researched and purchased this replacement flap and it 's made a huge difference in the temperature of our family room . Very easy to install . A little pricey , but I wo n't wait so long next time to replace it .
 This replacement flap was an exact match for the original flap , making the swap simple and clean . No trimming was needed , and the replacement flap sealed the opening nicely . The only problem was trying to find which flap to purchase . This one is for the Classic pet door . If you do n't know which door you have , you will have to disassemble the original so you can match the old one with the online pictures .
 The measurement in the description is not accurate . It fits perfectly and so easily in PetSafe Large doggie door . All you need it a screw driver .
 We have two dogs who are in and out through this dog door all day long . It is definitely tough enough to withstand this activity . We are very happy with it .
 Easy to replace , fits perfectly . The magnets seem to be a bit stronger than the first one we had . But kitties got use to it .
 I had ordered another Petsafe flap for my door and it was the wrong one . Did some more research and found this one , the actual one I needed . Fits like a charm , and no more breeze blowing through the old cracked flap ...
 This was shipped super fast and was exactly what I needed . I have an older cat door and this replacement flap was great . It fit a little bit short but just pulled the middle bar up about 1/4 in . and was perfect !
 Needed this door . Had the extra large door installed in my home years ago for our giant breed dogs & the replacements at Petco and Petsmart are not this size . I love the convenience as does my dogs . This is a quality product . price is reasonable and comparable .
 arrived on time . Petsafe Products are great products . My doggie door gets alot of action and it stands up to the test , except for chewing it .
 Products does not look like the required Classic Petsafe extra large dog door . The expected box at the lower inside left is not visible in the photo . The upper attachment area design looks different . There is also no product number , and the expected `` classic '' description has been omitted . Lastly , door 's dimensions that are shown are illogical . Until Amazon gets its act together , It 's worth the extra $ 10 + postage to purchase what we need directly from Petsafe.netA great product , that has lasted the lives of seven of our large dogs . More importantly , our beloved large dogs no longer have to come to us to get in and out . No more scratching-pawing the doors , or barking . -LSB- ... -RSB-
 This item was as described and shown . It is transparent color . Quality item and durable . Gave it 4 stars instead of 5 because I would have preferred it to be about $ 5 less than it was priced but that 's my own opinion .
 Great product ... but installation was not as easy as I was led to believe . Enclosed instructions not much help with the model door we have .
 Wonderful product . We have had a doggie door for years and love it . Perfect fit .
 it was hard to find the correct replacement as our doggie door is four years old . this was the correct size and easy to install .
 All as expected ... clean transaction all the way around . Product arrived in good condition on time .
 I ordered the replacement flap for my dog door , I was very pleased with how fast it arrived ! I had it at my door in less than a week .
 This is a replacement flap for the dog door . It was in good condition and easy to install . Exactly like the one i replaced but not deformed so it blocked the wind
 My replacement flap that I purchased on Amazon was brand new and cost me $ 30 less than the site . I 'm very happy with it . It was brand new !
 The thing fits perfectly and I have no problem with the product BUT I wish I would have seen that it is a single piece ... mer . Kind of crazy that only one flap costs this much ! The whole system for a wall dog door is $ 120
 Inexpensive and easy to replace the door after 8 years , but should come with replacement hardware for any screws removed as they easily strip . I just used generic metal replacement screws from the hardware store and now ready for the next 8 years . Thanks , we and our little doggies love it .
 Easy to install . Quick delivery . Back to letting the dogs take care of letting themselves out . There goes my exercise program .
 My dogs chewed up the old flap that came with the PetSafe patio door , and this one fit in like a charm . We have the Deluxe Patio Panel Pet Door size Large/Tall -LRB- 12-130 lbs . -RRB- . I have a feeling that I 'll be purchasing a few more of these in the future , since my dogs find them to be delicious ...
 This older style door is the best one PetSafe has produced , sealing wise . They do loose their effectiveness in something like two years .
 Finally a replacement flap to fit my doggie door purchased years ago from Lowes . I tried Lowes first but it is no longer available , brought home another from from the pet store which did n't fit and then ordered this one . It fits ! I
 Replaced our original flap after it tore after several years of use . The replacement was easy to install , just removing a couple screws and sliding the old flap out and the new one in . This flap is darker than our original flap and our quirky dog thought the lock panel was down the first few times he approached it , but he figured it out . It also seems a bit thicker , which is nice , but the kitty has a little more difficulty opening it . Both pets figured it out and it 's working out fine .
 As described and fast to deliver . Easy to instal and just what I needed . This should last another ten years
 I decided to get a cheaper option for a returned Flap . Box was a little messed up but the Flap was perfect .3 rd new flap in about 9 years , wish they could make the top 2 inches stop from tearing . I guess some things have a certain useful lifespan . Beats having to replace the whole doggie door .
 I installed a PetSafe Classic Medium door frame in my house in 2001 . The original flap had started to tear at the top edge just this spring -LRB- 11 years later -RRB- . I purchased the medium size of this flap and it 's a perfect fit . Installation was very easy , just a few minutes work . Hopefully this one will last another 11 years !
 This product is well made beyond belief . I just replaced my first one that I bought 5 years ago ... and my two large dogs go in and out , in and out and in and ... excellent purchase !!
 The flap was really nice to be able to replace and go on instead of having to install a whole other pet door . Very easy to replace . Nice and sturdy that it great for the dogs to go in and out on their own while we are away .
 One of my foster dogs chewed up my old Dog Door Flap so I needed a new one fast to keep the cold air outside . I went to the pet store to buy one and they did n't have the correct style for my door so I checked with Amazon and luckily I found the correct one . I received this almost overnight ! Service was great ! Thank you !
 After several searches I finally came across the correct product . Exactly what I needed as my dog ruined the original flag . Much less expensive here than most places . Thanks Amazon !!
 Flap on dog door broke . Could n't find the replacement at local pet store , so called manufacturer , got the part number and found it on Amazon . Had the replacement flap within three days . It was exactly what I needed to fix the door - took about two minutes to install . Happy with the flap , happy with Amazon !
 The flap arrived in fine condition , but the design has been changed - it no longer has holes at the top to attach to the door , it has raised nubs .
 I have one of the older type of this X-Large dog door to accommodate a greyhound . I was lucky because this one is installed at the very edge of a sunroom butting up against vinyl siding . I was able to undo the screws across the top and down one side and leave the end against the siding screwed in . The siding had enough play in it that I was then able to swing the loose end away , slide the old flap out and slide the new one in . I did n't have to worry about realigning the door or any other adjustments . One note ; My dogs did n't want to out the door at first because it did n't have the scent . I had to ` show ' them that they could still go out that way the first time .
 Overall we are glad to be able to have a replacement for our doggie door . It 's a little short for the area is is supposed to cover . This is the third flap . The original lasted over 15 years with two dogs , the second one , just like this one , only lasted three years , with one dog . After a very difficult install , some directions for a doggie door for sliding doors would have been nice , it 's nice to have it doing a reasonable job of keeping the cold out and allowing our dog to always be on the right side of the door !
 Petsafe changed their flap design around 2008 . This flap is the one to buy if you have the older model doors . I could n't find it on the shelf in local pet stores . I have used the patio door model for almost 30 years and it is a fantastic unit . I hope replacement flaps continue to be available . Amazon had a good deal and a very quick ship via UPS even with free shipping !
 This flap fit well in the metal classic frame . The previous flap had curled badly on the sides , time will tell what happens with this one . It seems to be more tinted than the previous one which helps keep out some sun .
 It is OEM , Petsafe , not cheap , but fits perfectly . I did have to adjust the magnet at the bottom of the door to make sure it catches each time . Was a simple fix , took a metal stud screw and held the magnet up and drove a screw through the frame and magnet . Replacement flap worked well without doing this , but works better with this . Cold winters , so need to make sure flap always catches , and wind can push it open otherwise . I am sure the replacement flap just needed to set , so you may not need to make any changes . Make sure you buy the right size , there is a big price gap between the Large and X-Large . Would recommend , even though it was tough to justify spending so much on a dog door , but this is quality and keeps the cold out much better than the old ripped one I had -LRB- also Petsafe -RRB- , that one lasted about 8 years with two dogs using it .
 Overall I 'm happy with the flap . It 's pretty much just like the original that wore out after several years use . My only complaint is that if there 's very much wind the magnets are n't strong enough to hold the flap closed , no different from the original . I improved it by buying some super strong magnets online and with some very careful knife work to the flap replaced the originals . It 's now more resistant to blowing open . For me the trick will be to remember to save the magnets when the day comes years from now to replace the flap again .
 Several years ago we started raising Border Collies and realized that a PetSafe pet door would be a great help . We bought the panel that fits into our sliding patio door . Our dog family began growing as we kept some of the puppies for therapy dogs to go along with our music ministry . Border Collies , being rather energetic , tend to hit the pet door flap at a full run , like a river of black and white -LRB- and some tri-color . -RRB- We now have nine of them , and sometimes they try to go through side-by-side - ouch ! There is n't much that will hold up under that kind of use , not even the extremely sturdy PetSafe pet door flap . The frame has held up wonderfully , but the flaps begin to tear after about 10 months of hard use . So we found ourselves needing to replace the flap once a year . PetSafe 's guarantee policy provides for a free replacement for every-other flap . They have been good as gold every time it was their turn to anti up , and we could n't be happier with the panel and their service . We have also found Amazon.com a great place to shop
 This replacement door is great . Fit in perfectly and has no issues . Will purchase again when the dogs wear out this one : -RRB-
 This company has apparently changed the type of plastic replacement flaps . Please make sure you know which style of flap to purchase . We spent over fifty dollars on the wrong flap and found the correct one on Amazon at a much lesser price . Shipping was free and quick . J.M.Cranford
 Shipped fast , good quality , was nervous as it was a `` wear house '' special -LRB- the box was damaged -RRB- but the product itself was perfect for a great discounted price
 Very pleased with the quality of this product , sturdy and easy to install . Highly recommend this item and would purchase again .
 This was exactly what I needed !!! It arrived on time and has worked beautifully . I would recommend to everyone . Great shipper too
 Replacement flap is perfect fit for original door and goes in with 1 screw in about a minute . My only problem is keeping the dog from chewing the corners off of this one too .
 I needed to replace my original flap after 5 years . The flap was beginning to look terrible and seemed to be always bent . Tried cleaning the old one but I could only do so much . Easy to replace and now my door looks like new .
 The replacement flaps for the Petsafe doors are expensive . This was the best price I found . If you are perplexed about which flap you need , you can send a picture to the company and they will tell you which one to buy .
 Item was easy to replace and fit the frame perfectly . Total install took less than 10 minutes and was easily accomplished .
 Purchased these replacement flaps from the Amazon Warehouse deals -LRB- less than perfect package -RRB- . They arrive quickly and were brand new . One package was perfect the other has a slight tear in the cardboard . No big deal as we were just going to throw away the packaging after opening the product .
 Needed to replace the flap in our doggie after about 8 years . Found this one . It works perfectly . It was easy to install .
 Have 2 greyhounds and we ordered 2 of these originally for our deck . They are so comfortable that we ordered 2 more for their dog den . These are so sturdy and so easy to clean . You can hose them off and air dry them , but they will also fit in your dryer . Love these -- too bad they are currently unavailable .
 I opened the package in the living room and it has never made it out to the deck , where it is intended to be used . All 3 of my Shepherds love it and it looks like I need to get at least one more . I got it for my older dog , so he could lay outside comfortably . Now all of them use it .
 Although I started using this product for the horses , it worked so incredibly well , I began using it myself and for the kids and have been so impressed with the results , I 've used it ever since -- for many years at this point.One of my horses was injured when a broken sapling in the pasture made a half-dollar sized rip in his inner thigh , rather deep too . Another horse in the barn where we boarded at that time had gotten the same injury a few days earlier . That horse was treated in the traditional manner . I 'd recently discovered this product and was so impressed by the pictures of wound healing in its advertisements , I decided to try it on my horse . Well , I could n't have been more impressed when the injury healed twice as fast as the other horse and without a scar . Each day I could see more healed pink skin growing in from the edges of the wound . No scab ever formed . I was convinced and not only have used it in my own barn ever since , but began using it on my own various bites , cuts , scrapes , etc. . The kids got all the expected skinned knees and elbows and we used it on those too . Now I 'm using it on grandchildren.A few days ago , a cut I 'd received in the kitchen became painfully infected . It was n't a big cut so I had n't done anything for it until the infection was obvious . I dabbed it with my old standby , Horseman 's Dream , and covered it and in two days when I removed the Band-aid , not only is the infection gone , the cut is healed and barely visible . The interesting thing is that a second smaller nick I received at the same time , which did n't get infected so received no further attention , is still scabbing and red . This is amazing stuff . Something about the way it 's made keeps the Aloe Vera natural antibiotic properties active and stable . Highly recommended as a quick healing cream and especially good for very dry hands too .
 I am a family practitioner who has used this product for years on my dry hands , from frequent washing . This is the best , and even exceeds hydrocortisone cream.It is not sold for use on people because a small number got sensitized to the allantoin . I have recommended it to many patients over the years , and never had a case though .
 This is the absolute best stuff ever for sunburn . Yeah , it says for horses and dogs . But after using it on them , we tried it on us , and if you ever get a sunburn , you will never use anything else to put on it . It is THE BEST , period . It 's like one of those best kept secrets nobody knows about ! : -RRB-
 I have used this product for 30 + years on my face and I have people guess my age 15 yrs younger than I am . It is a great product , never greasy and absorbs within minutes into your skin leaving it soft and ready for a light coat of makeup . Works great on neck also . I modeled for 12 years and never got under the lights or on the runway `` naked ! '' ... it was , and is my constant . I ca n't live without this product !
 I purchased this one pound of Horseman 's Dream Vet Cream because a review of another lady , I believe CG King , an equestrian farm owner in Virginia who swears by this stuff . Of course , I have opened it and used it on the backs of my hands . It has a tolerable fragrance with no discernible perfumes and I may have found myself a new hand and foot cream . Perhaps I should keep it under the kitchen sink or even the fridge for any burns that may occur . At any rate , I consider it money well spent and the Seller had it here very quickly.1-21-12
 I have very dry hands and feet , especially during winter . My hands usually get dry to the point where they will have little cuts all over them and it gets very painful to do things like washing dishes , etc. . I have tried all kinds of lotions and creams designed for very dry skin but none of them have worked this well . I know this is n't really made for humans , but I heard it was great so I figured I 'd try . Trust me when I say it is well worth the price -LRB- i paid around $ 20 for 16oz -RRB- . From the first use my hands felt like a baby 's bum . Even my nailbeds look flawless . The smell is very faint and pleasant , nothing strong or weird . And the best part
 Do you ever find one of those things that must be in the first aide cabinet and you must keep on hand ? This is it . It 's a wonderful product for cuts , scratches , and burns .
 A quality product at a fair price , AND shipped fast . These are good heaters and I use two in my sump to keep my saltwater tankat temp . I would recommend this brand and this seller !
 This product was extactly as it as described . It is easy to take apart and put back together . When assembled it is easy to pick up and carry with a small dog inside . It seems to be sturdy and held together with a dog inside .
 PROS : - Easy assembly - Durable for daily use for trips to the sitter - Easy to clean - Clips that hold the top & bottom of the carrier are secure and pops open easily.CONS : - The flooring of the carrier is a bit thin -LRB- when carrying from the handle , the floor bulges slightly with the dogs weight . -RRB- Not a big problem but just an FYI.Definitely would purchase another Petmate-brand carrier in the future .
 We have two of these for our two chihuahuas , and used them for crate training . Just be sure you get the right size -LRB- check with your vet -RRB- . We have used ours for traveling in the car , staying in hotel rooms , and even as a pet hospital when one of ours was on bed rest for a month.We keep a blanket that can be washed in the bottom of the crate and will frequently find our dogs curled up inside taking a nap.I have never used ours on an airplane , but can assure you that for home use these are sturdy and are well designed .
 I bought this kennel for kennel training my beagle pup . It snaps together easily and you can have the door swing either right or left . The little black plastic pieces that slip over the wire for the latch will fall off . So , plan on a dab of glue to fix that ahead of time . I 'd recommend this kennel to all .
 Missus Olde Hippie , -LRB- MOH -RRB- , was 46 back in 1995 when multiple sclerosis put her in a wheel chair . 1n 2000 , she got a Golden pup , as a pet , wondering about the possiblities . By the time he was 2 , Rufus was beginning to anticipate her needs , sensing her body language , pressing his body against her hand , saying , `` grab hold , I 'll help you stand '' , and so much more . It was training time . I searched and found a simple figure of 8 halter , a padded strap that looped around his neck and his torso . And I picked up a cheap clicker at Petco . He caught on by the third click , and as her MS became Parkinson 's Disease , her needs increased rapidly ; and Rufus was always ahead of us , asking , how should I handle this new problem , and this new problem . Rufus died on her birthday , 2 years ago ; he 's in a Pet Semetary , a converted raised bed garden in the back yard . Pushing up the dozens of daisies I planted for him . By this time , the P.D. had confined MOH to a hospital bed in our living room , P.D. meds quit working after several years , so I needed another dog to help me help her . Long story short
 We bought this after their more `` expensive '' PETCO grey/button model with the rubber bracelet broke after a month . This one is super cheap , clicks easily and still works 4 months later . What more can I ask for ?
 If you 've kept aquariums for a few years think how many times heaters have done in your livestock ... this heater is the best there is . Bulletproof glass -LRB- keeping you and your pets alive -RRB- and solid electronics to maintain a reliable temperature . I 've had virtually every other brand fail in one manner or another . Not these .
 This is the first and only heater I 've purchased and so far it 's great . It very easy to set and once plugged in , it cycles on and off to slowly heat the tank to the set temperature . I appreciate that it cycles on and off to slowly bring up the temperate gradually making it less stressful on the fish . Once it 's fully heated it will hold the set temp and is accurate to 1/10 of a degree . I have mine set at 78 * and my external thermometer stays at 78 * to 77.9 * . Pretty accurate if you ask me . I purchased this mainly for it size , I have it in a 10 GAL tank and submerged to the minimum level its about a half inch or so from my gravel . Perfect height for a 12 '' tall aquarium . Eheim is known for their build quality and reliability and even so offers a 3 year warranty so you really ca n't lose . If you 're looking for a great compact heater , you ca n't go wrong .
 Since dogs are omnivores , like people , and can eat plants & animals they should be able to eat almost anything , right ? NOT ! Too much inbreeding has changed their systems , and now some breeds are developing inherent abnormalities -LRB- like frequent deafness in Dalmations -RRB- . Similarly , not all breeds have evolved to handle some diets equally well , and the rise in allergies in pets attests to that . With veterinary advice , we tried several different specialty foods -LRB- all natural without preservatives , Iams , Science Diet , etc. -RRB- and none cured our dogs ' skin problems long term . I wanted to avoid preservatives like ethoxyquin , BHA and BHT , plus artificial colorings , and my reading suggested they might contribute to some skin allergies too.After much trial and error we discovered Nature 's Recipe , and have been so impressed with the results . Our toy poodle 's hot spots disappeared , she quit the obsessive licking -LRB- no longer itching -RRB- , and has enjoyed the food and remained vibrant and healthy eating only Nature 's Recipe Vegetarian Canine Allergy Formula . We noticed another possible bonus
 My two dachshunds and one shihtzu really like these flavored tennis-type balls . They like all tennis balls , but these are really sturdy and the flavor adds to the fun .
 My little mix of a Japanese Chin and a Shih Tzu absolutely loves these things . She 's a small dog , so the smaller junior size ball fits her mouth perfectly , and she prefers these to the normal non flavored balls or the mint balls because of the peanut butter flavor . In fact , I think she 's absolutely addicted to them and constantly wants to play fetch with them . I ordered these off of Amazon , as I ca n't seem to find them in PetCo stores locally anymore . This is a bit expensive , but well worth it if you have a smaller dog that loves to play fetch !
 Great for dogs with strong jaws !! Each ball normally lasts 2-3 months with plenty of use . Our Labradors love them !!
 My dog loves tennis balls to begin with , so he really enjoys playing with these . Very durable , but not sure that it smells too much like peanut butter .
 This little `` tennis '' balls are great for smaller dogs like dachshunds , chihuahuas , pugs , and other smaller breeds . Mine love them . The only issue since they are smaller than normal size tennis balls is they often get rolled under the furniture and my two puppies go nuts when they can not reach them .
 MY LITTLE FEMALE POODLE JUST WILL NOT STOP PLAYING WITH THESE . THEY FIT HER MOUNT PERFECTLY AND SHE JUST LOVE STHEM . FAR BETTER THAN HAVING A TENNIS BALL !
 Still looking for one of the balls . She hid it for a snowy day .
 My two cats like to attack these but they do n't compete with a laser pointer that we got them at the same time . They are n't bad for the price if you just want a basic toy to keep your cat occupied . As for the other review that said there is a toxic smell , there is no smell that I have noticed other than the smell that tennis balls have .
 My cat loves these tiny tennis balls ! They are big enough that even him , a full grown cat , can play with them without me having to worry about him choking on them . Even after 1 year , he still remains interested in them and they are still in one piece after a ton of use . would definitely recommend !
 Best dog toy ever ! I 've had 3 or 4 of these and they both love it . Squeaker goes after a little bit , but I 've never had a problem with it deteriorating .
 My dog loves this toy , he plays with it every day for 2yrs and it still squiks and not even ripped . I would not be the 1st one to spent 5 + $ on any dog toy , but believe me , this is the best money spent , just because it is so hard to ripp it
 My dog love 's the cuz products . I really do n't think she could live without hers ... she loves it that much . Plus , it keeps her very entertained . The great thing is too ... she ca n't tear it up like most other squeaky toys . I would definitely recommend this product to any dog person . It 's a great deal .
 Our Rat Terrier thinks this toy is the best . It is always her # 1 toy . She will pick it out of a pile of toys in 2 nanoseconds . She chews , chews , squeaks and squeaks some more and Dino Cuz takes it.Highly recommended for little dogs 15lb and under !
 We have several JW Rubber toys at home and my 85lb lab loves them all . The Medium size is perfect for him . He had one for 8 months before he was able to `` kill '' it , squeaker and all , so I was happy to find Amazon carrying this product . I highly recommend , although do not let your dog sit alone and chew on it as they will figure out how to get the squeaker out eventually .
 This pet bed is so great , that my dog was in it before I had finished setting it up . It is so nice that even the cats like it . The large bed is big enough for a 20 lb dog and 1 or 2 cats to sleep in comfortably . This bed is a mini version of a regular bed . Easy to put together . Can be setup in any room and not be an eyesore . Comes with double sided bedding for summer and winter .
 This is a good quality product and sells for much cheaper than in the stores . I was paying $ 9.99 for a 12 count bag in the Seattle area - quite a savings . Also , the slivers are much better than giving the dog an entire ear to eat at one time .
 I like to give my dogs a treat as a reward but a full sized pigs ear is more like a meal . These slivers are a good size about half a pigs ear and my three labs love them . You get a lot more treats and do n't have the mess of breaking up full size ears to cut down the portion .
 These smaller sized pig ears slivers are perfect for my mini doxies - they love them !!
 Buster has long ago finished this bag but it was a super buy and he loves them ! ~ I never give him rawhide things to eat or chew ... just the natural pig ears or strips . They even helped clean his teeth ! He 's still a happy camper at 14 and loves getting his favorite surprise !
 OUR PET BOXER/ROTTWEILER -LRB- 127 # 'S -RRB- , JAKE , JUST LOVES THESE PIGGY SLIVERS . OUR LOCAL ALBERTSON 'S QUIT CARRYING THEM AND HE WAS NOT VERY HAPPY WITH OTHER TREATS . I WAS SO GLAD TO FIND THEM ON AMAZON AND SO IS JAKE .
 Quality smoked product . Just the right size and economically priced - especially with free shipping . This item stores beautifully at room temperature . Taz loves these and ca n't wait for piggy ear time .
 The sliver size is perfect for a snack instead of a full pig ear . My dog ca n't get enough of these , but this allows me to space the treats out thrughout the day to equal a full size ear . Kinda like a `` quick crunch . ''
 From a consumer used to spending approximately $ 1 per pig ear from the price clubs , these slivers were a welcome change . Our dog is just as satisfied with the smaller portions and the quality is the same .
 My two dogs love them and they are perfect size for them . not to big like they sell at other pet stores . And the price is great . Store bought pig ears are too big and expensive . Thanks for a great product . I 'll be buying more very soon . Danny from Illinois
 My dogs are spoiled rotten ... too spoiled I 'll admit . They are outdoor dogs -LRB- sleddogs -RRB- and fairly large in size . They 'll eat almost anything , but I love feeding them these because I know they 're 100 % natural . My dogs are on a fairly organic diet - just like me . A majority of their diet is made up of beaver , lynx , muskrat , and free-range farm meat . And I do n't like the fact that so many snacks have a ridiculous amount of unecessary additives and preservatives . But these amazing treats have nothing more than pig ears - and I adore that.I also love that they are so hard . It helps clean my dogs ' teeth and keep plaque away . It also keeps them entertained for quite a while . And unlike other snacks that get soggy and wet if they 're left outside - these snacks stay in their original shape and texture until the dogs eat them . I think this makes them the ideal treat for outdoor dogs - as they can even be buried and re-dug up.Although my dogs may prefer a more ... unhealthy snack - they do love these . And I love feeding them to them . I know that they 're safe , natural , and healthy . And that 's just the kind of snack I want to feed my pups .
 Great value for the price . My dogs love pig ears but they have become so expensive . This is good alternative .
 My 6-month-old papillon puppy loves her pig ears as a snack . The ones I buy at the pet store are quite big , and I always wished they had some smaller ones . This is just that ! And the quality of them is very good . I am very satisfied with this product , and this wo n't be the last time that I order from them .
 Good dog treats , but too expensive for this small bag . So my dog only get to eat one small piece a day .
 Dogs love them , they sure went fast , just the right size for a quick treat . Too bad they do n't come in a 500 pack .
 My dogs have enjoyed these pig ear treats greatly . Arrived in the promised time , will consider reordering in the future .
 This is one of the few products that we buy regularly . They do not splinter . They get chewed up completely and they do n't make a mess . I do n't find alot of excess -LRB- or discolored -RRB- poop with them , either . They last about 20 minutes with our dogs .
 I wo n't buy any chewable treats that are not made in the USA , and my dogs love to chew pig ears . These Smokehouse treats make me happy , and they make my dogs happy . Rawhide chews and pig ears made in USA can be quite expensive in the local pet stores . The slivers are just the right size for a treat , and the price is great for the quantity . I generally get the 40 count bag , but it seems to go so quickly with 2 dogs . I recently ordered the 100 count package , which should last us much longer .
 After learning of the problems with many of the Chinese import dog teats , I spent some time looking for home-grown twists and rawhides . These fit the bill and our two dogs really enjoy them . I will order these again .
 I ordered the pig slivers yesterday and used prime 2 day delivery . They were on my door the next morning ! Very happy with the quick delivery . My 6 month old puppies -LRB- a puggle and corgi -RRB- loved these piggy slivers ! It took each of them about 10 minutes to finish one -LRB- they 're 11 lbs and 19 lbs -RRB- . If you have a larger dog they 'll probably finish it in a few minutes . I like the smaller portion for my smaller dogs ; the full sized pig ears would probably be too much for their tiny stomachs . This product is not something that will keep your dog entertained for hours , like a compressed rawhide bone , but it 's a great snack and really nice for the teething dog . Also , they 're natural and made in the USA which is a definite plus .
 The slivers go further for your buck & you do n't have to give your dog a large ear all at once . They last longer than the large ears & your dog stays trimmer - in the long run !
 My doggies love these pig ear slivers . You get the most for your money . I have bought 3 bags so far . I recommend this product .
 Each piece is smaller than I imagined . Therefore , 40 is n't as good of a deal as I hoped . I 'm thinking the pieces range from about a 1/4 inch in thickness to perhaps a 1/3 or just over . Each piece is not very big at all.On the other-hand , Anubis -LRB- my dog -RRB- seems to really like them .
 We 've priced around and these seem to be the best value thus far on Amazon . Our dogs love pigears and a WHOLE pig ear seems to be a bit much . We like these ` slivers ' that seem to be an ideal size for a quick snack and to keep the dogs busy . They are good quality and they seem to really enjoy the flavor and textures.Would definitely reccommend .
 I love this product , more importantly , my DOGS love this product . These ears are n't greasy , they are definitely larger than any I 've previously ordered from other vendors , and I will be ordering again .
 These are a really nice size sliver ... enough for a quick treat that lasts longer than a gulp -LRB- on average 2-5min depending on the dog -RRB- , but is n't an entire pig ear . I would buy them in bigger sized bags if I could !
 I love and so do my dogs the pig ear slivers . They are the perfect size for my dogs . The package has some larger pieces and smaller ones also , it balances out because I have small and large dogs . The shipping was great it arrived in no time . Will be ordering many more of these in the near future .
 my dog really loves these . he is a shitzu maltese mix and they are easier than pig ears for him to chew on and he normally grabs one in the afternoon and runs outside to eat them in the grass while sunbathing .
 My ferrets are 7 years old and this is the only food they have ever eaten . They are in marvelous health
 I have tried different foods and now that my boy is a senior at 8 + years old it is easy for him to eat and digest . I offer him the 8-in-1 soft food as a supplement , but he loves his crunchies .
 if your a new farret parent i recomend 8 & 1 they love the taste it keeps their weight up fast shipping great price !
 I 've got 3 Ferrets . They all love this food . Even my 2 dogs , a Husky and a Lab mix love licking it out of the cage when I 'm not looking . The Ferrets will stick their noses up at all other foods but will eat this food like crazy for some reason . I just wish that it came in a bigger bag anymore .
 My ferret loves the food ; Even my cats love the food , The cats keep sticking thier paws through the bars and stealing the food when the ferret is n't looking .
 I purchased this bird feeder for myself and absolutely love it . Heavy-duty ceramic and a nice bright turquoise , pink and red . It holds plenty of bird seed with a nice platform on the bottom to catch any seed falling out of the holes . I plan to purchase another one for a gift . -LRB- Watch for this to be marked down . I got it for considerably less than the $ 60 they are charging now -RRB- .
 I am the type to dress my dog for fun , but i am moving to PA from Florida , and knew my dog would be cold . I ordered this jacket and it is easy on and off.The velcro is great ! The hood is snapped on so it does n't pull off . and she does n't mind wearing it !
 My Jack Russel Terrier has an extremely thin hair coat -- and her belly is basically bare . We live on a farm in North Idaho . She is fine out running around through the snow -LRB- for a while , anyway -RRB- when she can generate lots of body heat , but she needed something to wear in the car in the winter . As we know , it does n't take long for that car to get cold while parked . This parka has been absolutely wonderful ! She stays nice and toasty and it does n't hang up on the seats like a fleece coat . I 've bought a parka for each car and I have an extra in the house . You ca n't beat the price!Linda
 Its seems like a well designed coat but underneath strap to close for urinating -LRB- male -RRB- also I would have preferred a coat that was alittle more wieghty for the Colorado snow this is kinda thin dont know how waterproof they need to redesign it with better waterproof material and more wieght to protect the snow bound dogs ! hard to find
 I bought the XX-Lg coat for my American Bulldog when her measurements indicated that the X-Lg would be enough . Boy , am I glad I did ! She has a broad , muscular chest and needs that extra room . Even the XX-Lg is a tight fit there -LRB- and extra long elsewhere , but it works since the `` zipper '' down the `` front '' is made of Velcro.It was thinner than expected , but well worth $ 20 .
 I live in Arizona , so my dogs are acclimated to warmer weather . We originally bought our Border Collie the parka for when we traveled to colder areas with him and it quickly was forgotten about in the back of a closet . While cleaning this early , cold and drizzly morning , I found our dog 's parka . Our dog , who originally refused to `` go out and do his business '' in the cold rain LOVED having the parka on . He happily went outside , tail wagging , and did what he needed to do.He is a medium size , 60lb Border Collie and the XX-Large is * slightly * big on him , but I would be afraid that the X-Large would be too small . It fits his chest well , but is slightly too long for him and covers the bottom inch or so of his tail . We also have a 70lb Lab-mix and it seems to fit him perfectly well.The hood detaches with snaps and it has a Velcro `` zipper '' down the middle of the chest , an open tummy area , and another Velcro strap that comes around the lower hip region . I was afraid that this second strap might be in the way of `` nature , '' and to avoid any stains or additional wetness , I just took it around the top of my dog and Velcro-ed it at the top of his hips/base of his tail area . Since it was slightly larger on my Border Collie , it still allowed for parts of the parka to hang down to cover his outer thighs , but did leave slightly more of his lower stomach region exposed since it was no longer cinching the parka around him.The coat itself does feel substantially light -LRB- and does n't look as bulky as it does in the picture -RRB- , but does managed to keep my dogs incredibly warm while they are out in it.I like it so much that I am purchasing another one so each dog has their own . It is definitely a great product for dogs and those dogs who hate cold and rainy weather .
 I love the coat I got for my dog , it 's great and I still have it but the only thing my dog got to do was try it on because we had to put her to sleep shortly after she got it because of cancer . If they ever have it on here again though and you have a big dog , its a great jacket and she looked good in it !
 I live in Alaska and I worry about my dog being outside for a good enough walk for him which is from 30-45 minutes . In 9 * weather it keeps my concience clear and I 'm not worried at all about him getting way too cold .
 I had to give it away , it runs small and did not fit my dog . Quality was nice though .
 This jacket was a little snug on my dog 's chest area and legs . I ordered an XL and he is a lab mix -LRB- a very large lab -RRB- . He is about 65 pounds and I think an XXL would have worked better for his slender , tall , barrel chest build .
 This is a wonderful coat for your dog . It runs larger than most though so do n't buy too large . I have a 60lb dog and she only needed an xl . Looks great on and easy to take on and off .
 I have two cats . One lets me clip her nails . The other was feral until 6 months , and I got the post for her to stay inside when I trapped and spayed her and she became a bit friendlier while recovering from spay surgery.In the state the scratching post arrives in , I do n't think it is a very safe product . More than once , the kitten got her toes stuck in the elastic that holds the feathers to the post . She would scream and I would have to assist in freeing her paw . She also got the elastic wrapped around her , and it 's probably possible for a kitten to get the neck caught if the feathers got tangled to the base of the elastic in just the right way and made a loop . On the other hand , the feather and elastic toys will quickly be pulled off of the post by an energetic and engaged cat . So , the post does n't stay dangerous long , and the kitten seemed to have a lot of fun . I think having her paw caught made her angry so that she wanted to attack the feathers even more . It was also good fun for me to watch her play and not destroy my things . After the feathers got pulled off by the cat , I replaced them with some mardi gras beads that I attached to the bit of elastic still sticking out the top of the post . The beads were much safer . The kitten never got stuck on them , and had fun attacking . She also managed to pull the post over so it fell on her , but it 's light and she was much bigger then.Well , the feather toys fell off the post within a month of getting it . It 's been 6 months since then , and the scratching post is now just a scratching post with no toy . The kitten -LRB- now cat -RRB- who this was initially purchased for uses it exclusively to scratch her nails , and does not touch furniture or the apartment carpet . She likes the texture of the post , and she may have gotten used to using it when she was small . -LRB- I also rubbed catnip into it periodically during the first months I had it . -RRB- The post still looks OK , although it is getting scruffy and bare near the top . I think it will last a year with heavy use from one cat , and minimal use from the other.The cat who lets me clip her nails barely uses the scratching post , and I have to keep her nails trimmed weekly so she is n't at the furniture.In general , I think the post is a little small . For the cat who is bad about using it , I think she likes to reach high above her head and stretch out to scratch , and that is why she wants to scratch on furniture - to scratch on something taller . For the kitten -LRB- now cat -RRB- who exclusively uses the scratching post , she tends to scratch the square base as much as the post . I notice the entire post slide around on the floor -LRB- also carpeting , so plenty of friction and not slick -RRB- when she does this . That might bother a cat , and a larger heavier post would n't do it.It also sheds small pieces of carpet onto the floor when the cats use it . So , plan on buying one that is the same color as the carpeting around it . I bought at a pet store , and the North American Pet brand had some lighter and darker carpet colors to choose from for this post.Overall , this scratching post was a good buy for the money . The kitten who needed a post got into the habit of using it , and has n't bothered the furniture since she was very new to the house . If you are worried about safety issues for your cat , then you should immediately detach the feathers by cutting the elastic close to where the elastic attaches to the metal chains . Then replace with a small cut section of mardi gras beads . That makes for a safer cat toy which wo n't catch the paws or wrap around and catch itself to lasso the cat .
 I am very pleased with the products I purchased & the delivery!THANK - YOU . John
 I purchased this feeder for a gift after getting the blue striped one for myself . I like the colors of the other a little more but this one is really pretty , too . My in-laws will love it . I got it for considerably less than the $ 60 being charged now . Perhaps it will be marked down again . It has a purple and chartreuse striping on it and holds a lot of seed . There is a base to catch any seeds falling out . I do n't need to fill this one quite as often as my other feeders . Highly recommend .
 I have been using this food exclusively for the entirety of my ferret 's life . She is a spry , healthy , happy , seven year old ferret with plenty of life left in her . I truly do feel that this food played a big factor in that . Now that I 've discovered the -LRB- much -RRB- lower price for this on Amazon , I 'm even happier .
 Just got my bag today after deciding to switch to a better food . Of course both fuzzies were very curious about what I was doing as I brought the food into their room , so I offered both of them a piece of the new kibble out of my hand to see if they 'd take it . To my surprise , they both did , even my finicky boy who wo n't accept any kind of treat and is always slow to try any new food . I mixed in a few pieces with the Marshall 's they had been eating , and watched as they picked out the ultimate and ate it right up . They love it , and I know from several reliable sources that it 's much better for them than what they 've been getting.Very happy fuzzy mom here :3
 definitely 100 steps up from their `` ultra '' blend , this `` ultimate '' crunchy blend has made a serious improvement in my ferrets energy , itching problems and smell . this is his staple diet , but i supplement with small amounts of zupreem , evo , or other decent brands just to mix things up a bit and provide a little more fat content .
 My ferrets love this food it is what I normally feed them , but when I received the package the bag of food had a tear in it and it was taped closed . I hope the food is still good !
 I buy generic food carried by -LSB- ... -RSB- , I forget the big name brand that makes this identical to their name brand . Many hours of researh convinced me this is nutritionally best . Once , they ran out , and this brand was the next best and very easy to find .
 It 's hard to know what food to buy for your ferrets but ours have been eating this for years and they love it . Good price here on Amazon as long as you buy two packages at once .
 For the first time in his 41/2 years , my Max likes a premium quality food . He has never been willing to even try anything other than the `` cheap '' food avail at a well known brick-and-mortar store , until now . I had been searching for a long time for a good quality food he would try , and this is it . He did n't even give it a second thought , just took to it right away . It might be me , but he seems to have more energy , and `` bounce '' after being on this food . I am VERY pleased with this product . I like the 45 % protein and 16 % fat levels that this product has . I definitely would recommend it to anyone.H415 Eight In One Ultimate Crunchy Ferret Diet 4.4 lb
 This food is highly rated for a ferret 's balanced diet requirements . That alone should be enough of a reason to buy this food.Pros-The pieces are just the right size . The ferrets have to break them up before trying to swallow.I actually have to limit the amount I feed them because they love it so much.My ferret 's coats are very shiny and filled thick for the winter chill.It can even be used as a treat for your ferrets to learn things like using a cat litter box . -LRB- Mine have been trained now for about 6 months -RRB- Cons-Sometimes when ordering this online from a vendor it can be smashed to bits . Not the brands fault though.My ferrets love it so much I have to order it a lot ! -LRB- not really a bad thing -RRB- If you are unsure of this product , buy it and move on to other things to review . If your ferret does n't like it at first give him a few weeks . Just like leading a horse to water , you have to let the ferret learn to adjust to the food.If you have been feeding your ferret a variety of cat food or any of the 50 other ferret foods out there most likely your ferret is overdosing on fat and corn -LRB- fiber -RRB- . Foods high in fat may be attractive for your ferret but too much can shorten their lifespan considerably.Doing a small amount of research through google and you will see lists of foods good and bad for your ferret . This stuff is usually at the top of the list , and reading the numbers you will know why . High protein , mid range fat , and low fiber . Ferrets ca n't have too much fiber ! Their body uses a lot of energy to pass it through with no return . Passing protein give them energy fiber does not .
 My cat use to never be a picky eater until after his and my self ordeal of finding out he is diabetic . After getting everything in order he now is one picky picky eater . I probably bought tons of `` green '' worth of different kinds of foods for him.After a while my room-mate and I were having to force feed him cause he just would not eat . I then asked my room-mate if I could try a small handful of his ferret food . He said sure.This is when I found out that TJ loves this food.Well I know its not cat food so what did I do , researched the nutritional `` facts '' on cat/ferrets needs intake on foods.That is when I found out that cat/ferret foods are `` almost '' identical . Only difference is one small mineral cats need that is not in ferret foods , which I did find very odd since ferrets actually need this mineral as well . Any who . So since 1 . TJ loves it he get this exact ferret food `` Dry '' and left out for him all the time since he does gain/loose weight . `` I have him on a holistic diabetic liquid med '' that maintains weight etc. 2 . It contains no grains , which is wonderful since well cats/ferrets can not digest grains . `` Especially Corn '' . And the protein content is amazing and even better since it meets the required protein requirements for diabetic kitties . I say if you have a picky eater `` cat '' try this . It may or may not work . But it took care of me no longer having to spend large amount of `` Green '' to keep trying to find a food for my kitty . And for that mineral intake TJ gets that from occasionally getting a can of wet kitty food . His favourite of course.Yes I would so recommend this food to people and well I have already been doing so .
 I love this cage . It is very easy to assemble and disassemble . All you need is the 4 pins provided and it is set up . I have had this cage for about a year . Excellent quality construction and very nice looking . There is a wire top that is easy to open and a plastic bottom you can use to protect your floors for indoors . The top and the floor may be sold separately . I remove the floor so my pet can feel the grass when outside . This is a great quality pen and I would highly recommend it .
 We bought this because our dog was raised in a wire &#34; playpen &#34; in our livingroom . During a remodel of our home , the wire just looked awful in the new livingroom . We are so pleased with this pen . It looks very nice in the livingroom and our dog loves it . The wood trim is very pretty and the door latches are so simple to use . No more clips to fumble with . If you want a cage that will look good in your house , this is the cage for you
 These are awesome . They are so great for my bunnies to walk on in their cage . I also use them in the playpen I got for them and they like to take their naps on them . They really are comfortable and my bunnies love them .
 My rabbits like it as it is easier on their feet . they surprisingly do n't chew on it either .
 This product is great for rabbits that live in a wire cage
 I selected this pet stroller because of its ' size because I have 2 small dogs that I wanted to walk . I am very pleased with its size and its sturdiness . The wheels are excellent and easy to manuver . It collapses easily for storing or transporting . The stroller design is attractive and draws a lot of attention because of its style . There are two items which I would change -- the first is the sun / wind hood which folds down over the front of the carrier has no way to attach it to the base -- my dogs continue to `` poke out of it '' no matter how tightly I try to secure it . The second item is that there is not enough ventilation in the sides or back of the carrier -- as we move into warmer summer weather , it is really going to be too hot inside for my two dogs and I am sorry I did not pay more attention to that when I was ordering it . The dogs love the pet stroller , but they would be happier if they could see out the sides without having to reach their little heads over the top of the front of the carrier .
 This is by far the best pet stroller on the market ... has lots of room and plenty of space to store other items ... perfect for our Pet pomeranian who has bad arthritis
 My dog and I both love this stroller . I have taken it everywhere when we travel . The only probllem I had is that the airlines messed up the front wheels , and now they are wobbly . Does anyone have any clue as to how to contact the company so I can get a replacement front wheel ? It would be greatly appreciated . thanks .
 I 'd love to give it all 5 stars , but I do n't think there is any spray that will make a ferret smell great and not like a ferret . It does take the edge off of the smell between baths though .
 This product is good for cats that need an extra boost of fiber in their diet . Half a capsule mixed in each bowl for the sensitive stomachs , and they are good to go !
 It 's a nice leash , I know I paid for Steelers to be on it but it was worth it.Pittsburgh Steelers NFL Dog Leash
 The sweater arrived very quickly . It 's a little long for my bassett/beagle , but because he 's short and stocky , I had to order a large to fit around his girth . Not sure he likes wearing it , but he looks so handsome in it !
 I tried this after first using Tropiclean papaya plus , and while I really loved that one , this is the one I reach for 99 % of the time when washing my dogs now . I find this slightly more moisturizing than the papaya plus , and I love that I can use it on their face as well as their body ; it makes the job of washing them a little bit easier . it leaves their coats incredibly soft -LRB- I have one w / short hair & one w / long hair -RRB- , and I like that it 's fragrance free . it certainly gets their coats very clean , but does n't seem to strip all the natural oils so they do n't get dry , itchy skin . I usually wash very thoroughly with this -LRB- massaging it into the coat for 3-5 minutes , except on the face which I save for last and immediately rinse -RRB- , and then follow w / John Paul Pet oatmeal conditioning rinse . both my dogs have healthy , soft , shiney , and scent-free coats : -RRB-
 I use Prozyme for all 3 of my dogs - 12 year old Lab , 2 year old Lab and 4 year old German Shepherd . I worry about bloat and this product is said to help prevent this condition . It also helped them get all the nutrition out of their food .
 I have three ferrets and they love this ! I had origonally bought it for one of my newer ferrets I had got that was loosing weight . This was a food that he really enjoyed and helped him gain all his weight back .
 for those of you who know ferrets , you know that if your ferret is over 6 months of age you cant introduce any new foods because after 6 months they lose there scent for recognizing new foods , my ferret is only 9 weeks old and he preferes this food over any other food ive given him
 It should not be used as a permanent cage for any bird . It has 4 good purposes . 1 . -RRB- as a transport cage to the vet . 2 . -RRB- A travel cage for a vacation . 3 . -RRB- As a quarantine cage for a new bird or sick bird and 4 . -RRB- as a training cage for a parakeet-only 1 . Nothing bigger than a parakeet should be kept in here as well . It is kinda flimsy but it serves it 's purpose as a temp cage .
 It was very easy to assemble , used for short term care of our cockatial , he seems to like it when I hang it from the ceiling so he can keep an eye on everyone .
 A nice cage for the price , it is very roomy for my parakeet . He seems to be happy with his new home . It is easy to clean , light weight and will work fine . The only thing I wish I had known , is that all three doors were all on one end it would have been nice if there was one on the long side , that way you would not have to reach all across to the other end to put something in the cage.Shipped on 2/8 and received it on 2/10 great service .
 If I had a choice I would have paid more for an identical cage with heavier wire and sturdier construction . If you can locate one , then that would definitely be a better purchase . HOWEVER , the design is otherwise excellent and given my choices I am very happy with the cage . I think it would work well as a permanent cage for finches as is . I will use it as a travel/emergency cage for two parakeets . In view of that , and though it adds considerably to the expense , I have reinforced it with latch hooks purchased at a hardware store to insure that it does not come apart at the seams . Even then , the wire is so thin , I am not totally convinced that a determined keet could n't bend it , trap his head between bars , etc. . But since it is not a permanent cage , I judge this to be an acceptable temporary risk . I anticipate that it will be easy to clean due to good design . I also note that it is a miniature version of my keets ' regular cage . As such , I hope that will be a comfort to them if/when they have to go to the vet etc. . Hope this helps you make a decision .
 I really like this cage . I used it for a sugar glider , and it is the perfect size . The big door makes cleaning and getting your critter out a lot easier . The pull out tray makes cleaning a breeze .
 Our two cats really benefit from the Iams weight/hairball control formula . Both had weight issues after we moved and they were no longer allowed to roam freely outside . This food helped them get back to a normal weight.As for hairballs , no matter what you feed a cat , he or she will always get an occasional hairball . But - this food does a LOT to help . Prior to using this food , ours coughed up a wonderful present for us almost daily . Now it happens once a month , maybe.I would not , however , recommend purchasing this product through Amazon for one very important reason
 After reading what the other reviewer wrote , I could n't help but write my own . First , anyone who would feed weight control diet to a pregnant cat should not be allowed to have pets . If there was a malnutrition problem it was the owner 's fault for not feeding a pregnant cat kitten food ! That 's very basic care of a pregnant or nursing cat , and the Iams company themselves would tell you that this is not intended for pregnant or nursing cats . That said , do n't take the word of someone who has clearly proven they know nothing about proper care of a pet . Iams is one of the few companies that uses high quality ingredients in all their pet foods and is the only name I trust . I worked for veterinary clinics for 15 years and can tell you I do n't trust any other company , especially not Science Diet , and especially not Purina in regards to cat food . Trust me , a retired veterinary professional who has studied the diets closely . I have fed this diet to my cats for years and their coats are silky soft , full , and my cats are healthy and gorgeous not to mention happy and very active seniors now still chasing toys at 14yrs old ! Now , keep in mind that not every diet works best for every pet . But , if you try to stick to premium brands like Iams , Royal Canin , Nutro , then your cats will be healthier and live longer . Mine are proof . Avoid crap foods like anything from Purina which is the worst cat food on the market . Cat food can be compared to human diet like this
 After years of keeping my cat on IAMS , tried Purina Healthful life over IAMS thinking it was more healthy . It was the opposite ! My cat coughs up food/hairballs at least 3 times this month already . I purchased a large bag -LRB- 14lbs -RRB- at BJ . I wish I had the UPC . I think IAMS was much healthier for him . I am disappointed with Purina . My cat is going back to IAMS - no bells and whistles - fancy packaging or shapes and colors ... just good food . Sorry for every trying Purina .
 I love the dog collar . It fits on my black lab really nice & it looks awesome . Service from the vendor was excellent too !
 My dog does n't mind wearing it and it keeps him warm . Its durable and easy to take on and off quickly .
 This is a great coat ! It 's a lot nicer than I thought it would be based on the picture and the price . It was a real nice surprise . It has a slot at the top for the collar and the fabric is nice . Hides dirt and does n't show the fur that 's stuck to it as much as some other dog clothes .
 Max does n't like to have a coat slipped over his head , so the easy application of this coat with its Velcro strip at the neck gets rave reviews from him . He also likes the fleecy liner . Since I am more cognizant of safety than he is , my favorite features are the reflective strips and the rain-shedding outer material . Neither of us has figured out a good use for the pocket on the rump , but it is a conversation starter .
 Very timely shipment , and the product is better than expected . Our dog LOVES it , and it really does keep him warm when he 's outside . Does n't choke him . Fits great ! Great price .
 This coat fits our Jack Russell very well and the outer shell is water resistant . The coat wraps around his harness without interfering with his gait and there is a hole sewn in the back for the leash attachment . Light shines brightly off of the reflective stripes at night.We love the coat and he does n't seem to mind . It helps him bear the cold a little longer with his short fur , and nearly bald tummy . Great price and excellent quality .
 The velcro belly strap comes undone fairly often , but maybe that 's because Milo is so frisky , running and shaking all the time .
 Product arrived as expected . New Condition . Fast shipping . Glad we ordered the XL size for our American Bulldog . Thanks .
 Great coat . There could be a slight improvement by making the velcro strap moreadjustable for a tighter fit for slightly smaller dogs .
 really cute dog coat is better than it looks in the picture . very happy buyer ...
 So , I was going to buy one of these for my dog . But I read so many reviews that said the sizes were too small . So I worried . It seemed there had to be a sizing chart somewhere . And there is ! Here : You have to measure your dog 's chest and neck , and that tells you the size . According to this chart , my miniature poodle , who weighs 14 pounds , is a medium!Size Length ... Fits Necks ... Fits ChestsXS ... 8 '' ... 8-10 '' ... 12-16 `` S. ... 12 '' ... 10-12 '' ... 16-20 `` M. ... 16 '' ... 12-14 '' ... 18-22 `` L. ... 20 '' ... 14-18 '' ... 22-28 `` XL ... 24 '' ... 16-20 '' ... 26-34 `` XXL ... 30 '' ... 20-26 '' ... 34-40 `` Who knows why the sizing chart is n't available on Amazon.com . But I found it where other dog clothes by this manufacturer are for sale -LRB- but Amazon is cheaper -RRB- . Silly me , took ten minutes to make this chart show up right on the review . I do hope this is helpful !
 I got it for my sister 's mixed breed as a gift . She loves it and so does her dog but my mom had to extend the neck and belly velco straps with her sewing skills . I bought the size that should fit for one of the breeds that she is mixed with but should 've gotten a size larger because she is a mix and has a deep chest . Buy a size bigger if your dog is on the border of a size , that 's my advice . Aside from this it is a wonderful jacket . Both owner and dog really enjoy it . Her dog gets really happy when she sees the jacket : -RRB-
 I got this for a doberman pincher pup . At first she tried to take it off , by reaching around and biting the rear end of the coat to get it off . So I decided to ` train ' her to wear it . I kept her REALLY occupied , chasing a frisbee NON-STOP for 15 min or so for the first few times I put it on her . I then took her right into the house , and ended the play session , removing the coat in the house . If she realizes she must wear it when playing in the cold , she does with no complaint . She got used to it very quickly , and now leaves it alone . I notice it keeps her from shivering so soon after we go out . It fits her body perfectly , and with that tall collar standing up , she looks like ` Elvis ' pup . Great Value . It is very well made , and great looking.UPDATE 11/7/12 I got another pup in 2009 and she also wears this coat , but will tug at the backend of it sometimes , even at 3 yrs old now.But she leaves it on . . . I still LOVE these coats for cold non-snow weather . . I get coats that cover the stomach for deep snow ... -LRB- fido fleece -RRB- , but these are easy to put on and do the job of keeping the muscles just warm enough to keep them from getting injurys so easily ... I just , last week , purchased 2 more of them as one coat is wearing out finally -LRB- after almost 5YEARS of heavy use -RRB- , and the other has been chewed abit , it has holes in it , from the pup ... I forgot to take it away after taking it off her . IT still goes on , but finally the strap under the belly gave out , on the oldest coat . -LRB- 5yrs -RRB- I could sew it back on easily , but the rest of the coat got chewed up so I decided a new one is in order .
 This is great product but I barely consider my dog a large -LRB- 50 lbs -RRB- and the `` large '' did n't even fit her so buy larger than you think . I mid-size dog could be a large and a large dog an XL or an XXL
 I 'm glad I read the other reviews before sizing this jacket . I have an 80-lb lab who is older & with a bit of a stomach , & based on the sizing of most other dog jackets I would have gotten an XXL . However , after reading the other reviews here & checking the measurements I ordered an XL . I 'm glad I did because it is more than big enough for her . She has never had a jacket or sweater on her , and she seems very comfortable with this one . The quality is good & the jacket is attractive & well made . The dimensions are accurate , so you can trust the size chart too .
 as an owner of 2 dogs , I can say that these jackets are soft and comfortable . They are machine washable too . The fleece is on the inside which keeps them warm . The outer layer is more water repellent but still a very soft fabric while the reflective strip shines very bright when in direct light . The velcro strips hold up well against the wear and tear of daily use . A fantastic product and very well priced .
 I ordered this jacket for our 75lb Lab Retriever Mix -LRB- she measures 24 '' neck to base of tail -RRB- . It is an adorable jacket , but runs very big -- XXL hung down over her back legs and the velcro placement on the strap was way too big , even for our chunky puppy -- order a size smaller on this one !
 The jacket is perfect for our female Great Dane . She wears it outside during the day . It has stood up well to her very active lifestyle with four other dogs and keeps her warm.The only problem is the reflective tape , which soon detached and had to be removed .
 My dog looks great and the fit is perfect . This is a great buy ; and I received it on the promised date .
 I think its well made , it keeps our American Bulldogs warm , and I like the reflective strip in it . I had to take a sewing machine to it to tailor it to fit our dog which I did out of boredome more than necessity . I would buy again and will once we wear it out .
 Love this coat ! Originally ordered incorrect size . Exchanged coats for correct size . Transaction was fast !
 This jacket has been great for our corgi-chihuahua mix . The velcro makes the size adjustable as he grows . Plus it is very easy to put on and take off .
 Coat is a little thinner than I thought , but nice-looking and perfect for cool -LRB- though not freezing cold -RRB- days . We like it .
 I purchased one of these for each of my two dogs . They have short hair and need a little something when it gets really cold outside . The jackets are as simple as you can get an easy to put on .
 Dog Coat - Red Fleece Reflective Safety Jacket for Dogs - XX-Large -LRB- XXL -RRB- by Casual CanineEasy to put on take off is really a beautiful coat.I also bought one in green.My dog is a service dog so keeping him warm in winter when we have to go out is n't just for fun it is a necessity . He loves this coat . I think he thinks he looks good in it . The safety reflective tape really helps cars and bikes see him and provides us both with more safety.Dee
 Wish I could insert a pic , he looks so cute in his coat . It was better than I expected . Thank You
 Our Beagle , Charlie , actually loves this jacket ! It 's the first garment he 's allowed us to dress him in . He 's about 35 lbs . and it fits perfectly . Well made , great color .
 I guess that I was a lucky one re
 The coat is very nice BUT it must have been made for a `` Twiggy '' type of dog . I have a very lean Rhodesian Ridgeback and I still have to add about 6 '' to the girth strap .
 I like the coat , however , I should have ordered the x large.The velgro in the front keeps opening . I had to sew a longer pieceof velgro in the front . Had I ordered the xlarge and I do n't thinkI would have had that problem . Overall it a very good coat . My dog getslots of compliments .
 First , I ordered the large -LRB- the wrong size , & totally my fault -RRB- for our Pit bull/Rhodesian Ridgeback mix , but reclaiming & Frankenstein-ing some velcro solved that problem quite easily - albeit not as handsomely . The extra large , now that I think about it , might have hung too low down the sides of his back legs , & would have been a much looser fit along his back half . We 'll be customizing the jacket a bit more to allow his harness to be worn underneath -LRB- the leash ring on the harness lies farther down his back than where the hole is on the jacket -RRB- . But these things have little to do with the actual quality of this jacket so ... this jacket is awesome ! It 's very easy to get it onto our dog -LRB- even when he 's excited about going for a W-A-L-K -RRB- . It 's very easy to clean . It 's a great jacket for a walk in the woods as it does n't snag onto jaggers , twigs , etc. . It 's lightweight , yet fits securely enough that it does n't shift around . The two reflective stripes along the back & sides reflect nicely ; not like the cheap stuff . It meets all of our needs , was well designed regarding both form & function , & was easily a third to a quarter of the price of other canine jackets I was considering . We 're really very happy with this purchase !
 The dog coat was nice enough ... I was a little disappoint that it is as thin as it was but it is made nicely and the service from the company was great . I ordered it right around Christmas figuring it would n't get her till after Christmas but was pleasantly surprised to get the jacket in just a few days . Soph loves it -LRB- the dog -RRB- .
 Good coat . I ordered an XXL for our 1 year old 90 pound Rotweiler and its big , but he will grow into it . I like the fleece underneath , but I am not sure the brush velvet top is going to be water proof ? Its great for snow and cold weather , I just have not had it out in the rain yet .
 This appears to be an excellent dog coat -- however , my dog has n't worn it yet ... After reading all the reviews , I decided to get the X-Large for my Black Lab/Golden Retriever dog . However , she 's still a `` puppy '' -LRB- just about seven months old right now -RRB- , and the coat is considerably too large for her -LRB- both length-wise and around her middle -RRB- . I hesitate returning it as I really think she 'll grow into it -- I just do n't know how long it will take ! In the meantime , she seems to be enjoying the cold weather/snow even without her new coat -- `` puppies '' can take it better than `` senior dogs . '' I would certainly recommend this seemingly well-made coat for older dogs , and I believe my much younger one will enjoy it too once she reaches full-size .
 With 2 roughousing dogs it tends to slip off and get trampled into the snow , but for walking it 's great . Fits perfectly , looks nice , and seems to do the job . An XL fit my 110 pound Dobies just fine !
 I love this jacket , the reflective strips on it are a bonus . Because of previous experience I ordered a larger size for my boxer , Georgie , than was necessary for a good fit . However , even though it is a bit large for her it still fits and covers her stubby tail . The velcro closings hold well and she seems not to mind having it on . There is a slit in the material right behind her neck for her collar to be fastened to the leash when we walk . I would recommend this product to anyone with a large dog .
 My dog gets very cold . I had another coat , and he hated going outside . When I got this coat , he now loves to go for walks , and enjoys wearing the coat . It is a beautiful and very useful item .
 Casual Canine Velvet/Polyester Reflective Dog Jacket , Large , 20-Inch , Red This is a great coat , looks nice ... Was intended as a gift , so I ca n't say much about fit and comfort .
 Good quality , comfortable and soft inner lining , very stylish looking . I like the reflective lines as well as the collar that can pop up for extra neck warmth . Would recommend as an outside jacket , not as much of an inside sweater .
 Well made . Good price . The red looks good on our black dog and I think she knows it . But for sure our dog likes to wear it at night and wo n't sleep without it .
 My 70 pound standard poodle loves this coat ! It 's warm , fits great , and is easy to slip on and off with Velcro . He loves wearing it !
 First time I put it on my dog he loved it . It just sits down waiting for me to put it on , I just had it for a week and its already dirty . It has a small poach on e backThis fit my 62-70 pound Labrador mix . Almost identical to the picture here . My Toby is a little lean skinny guy . It fit him perfect.Seems like I 'm going to need to wash it in less than one week useThe outside is smooth , kinda like suede.I love it , my dog loves it my girlfriend loved it . And he looks cute for an older doggy .
 Very nice coat , fits my weimaraner of 70lbs . Nice stitching and durable fabric , bonus for the reflective stripes . Had a coat from Martga Stewart previously whicg was ill fitting and poorly made .
 this jacket fit my dog just perfect expect i wish there was another way to secure the velco especialy aroung the stomach area . . i really loved the reflectors on the jacket
 I originally bought the X-large size for my yellow lab retriever mix based on the breed descriptions , which I think would fit a small to average size lab , but not my 90 lb dog . The length was fine , but the strap underneath was tight . I exchanged it for the XX-large size , which was then a little loose around the middle . An extra piece of industrial strength Velcro fixed that problem . It 's easy to put on , and he seems to like it . The inside is like fleece and the outside works like a windbreaker . Added bonus
 Purchased the X-Large . Pretty sturdy and great quality . Was a gift for my brother 's 6 month old 50 lb Lab/Pyranese mix . Fits great with extra room to grow . Lexi goes hiking with the family , so the added warmth , red color and reflective strips is perfect for her on hiking trips .
 I am very happy with the doggie coat and it came promptly and in good shape .
 they shipped this item on time . My pups sweater looks great , I recomend this company to all !
 I love the concept of this jacket , but have yet to have them fit on my dogs . I got them for Christmas using the neck size , but the chest will not close on my mixed breed dogs . They are normal weight dogs for boxers , labs and shepherd . I need to get the receipt from my mom to return the large and get the x-large . I was so excited to be able to take my dogs running in the early morning/evening during the winters to keep them exercising now that they are in the house due to the cold during the day . I am still quite hopeful these will work once I get the sizing down .
 My dog loves his jacket ! It fits perfectly and keeps him warm . The price was right and it was shipped quickly .
 Our white 75 lb pitbull looks friendly and approachable in this smart looking red jacket ... does a lot for improving his image while in public .
 I love it , but so does my dog ! She gets upset when we take it off of her . It is very elegant looking and everyone who sees her with it on makes a fuss over her .
 I had bought several coats at Petco and other local chains only to get them home and find they did n't fit . This coat runs true to measurements . Price is so reasonable , I let my dog wear it to run around yard even if starting to rain without worry of ruining an expensive jacket . It has held up great . She seems very comfortable with the weight of fabric .
 My labrador retriever was jealous of her smaller companion 's coat . This attractive , easy to fasten jacket was just the thing to keep her warm and comfortable and decrease the sibling rivalry .
 The jacket is of very good quality and is heavier than many I 've looked at , but I used the measurements provided and although my dog 's measurements fell well within the parameters , the jacket is quite a bit too large for my dog .
 I purchased this coat for my dog to travel from FL to the NE to visit family to keep her warm in the winter and I was very pleased with the coat . The size I got was a little big even though I measured my dog for fit , but rather it be big than small .
 Bought matching jackets for my two pups so they can run and play in the yard this winter without getting too cold . The jackets will also keep their coats drier .
 Ordered this jacket for my 17lb short haired terrier puppy . She measures 14in from neck to base of tail and I went with the medium , which is a good fit . The jacket is very well constructed , has a warm underlayer , comes with two reflective stripes , an opening for a leash and a velcroed pocket.I believe the jacket would benefit from a second piece of velcro on the underbelly strap to allow for a snugger fit , if necessary , as well as perhaps a second , smaller strap closer to the tail to keep that part of the jacket in place . Otherwise , it does move around a bit . Since there is no material on the underside , a layer under the jacket -LRB- such as a shirt or hoodie -RRB- will help keep the pup warmer in really cold weather . The medium I ordered is loose enough to allow for another layer . Overall , this is a very good purchase and I recommend it .
 Nice coat . Stays in place . It 's soft and pliable , so my dog sleeps in it as well and it really helps keep him warm . FYI for sizing information , X-Large was too large for my Boxer .
 I bought this for my Rhodesian Ridgeback Mix . She is 60lbs , very long -LRB- about 23 inches -RRB- , very athletic and slender with a broad chest . I ordered the XL , after trying a Kakadu dog Jacket that was the right length , but tight on her girth and a bit stiff because of the thick nylon outer layer . Needless to say the XL is a bit large for her and I am going to have to add some velcro to keep the straps snug and in place . Other than that it appears to be a fine coat . She can move around easily in it and it covers her hind end well since it is a little large . I think it will do nicely for winter.I have no suggestions as far as how to measure to make sure you get a good fit for your pet , no matter how well I do it , it is a hit or miss when purchasing clothing for my animals .
 Killer is a 4 lb . Chihuahua . I purchased this for those cold northern , windy , rainy days . Time is important and we do n't have a lot of time to waste fiddling with a difficult garment . This coat is an easy on , easy off , and does n't get in the way of the task at hand .
 The little terrier gets all kinds of attention at the horse show and stays very comfortable in the chilly mornings . Washes up nicely .
 I 'm happy with the fit -LRB- for my 70 lb . pit bull -RRB- , and it looks very classy too . She likes it , also . We live in cold country , and pit bulls do n't have a lot of hair ! I like it much better than a sweater , which is too fragile for a dog 's claws .
 This coat is a little big on my dog who measures 15 '' from neck to tip of tail . If it do n't have it secured onto him just right he literally WILL NOT MOVE !! Strange , but after adjusting he does n't seem to mind having it on at all ... seems to keep him warm enough for the short periods of time that he is outside during the cold winter months .
 I wanted a coat for our new pup but it had to be simple , functional and inexpensive . This coat fit the bill.In our west coast winters we get rain and lots of it . This coat worked perfectly each time we used it , keeping Abbey dry . It was easy to put on and she did not mind it at all . Abbey is a three month old golden retreiver.I liked this one so much i am going to buy the next two sizes up while they are cheap .
 Nice coat but ran WAY larger than any other coat I 've ever bought for my pet . Had to send it back and did n't re-order . Great for bigger dogs but for little ones ? - maybe not .
 I was a little hesitant to get this since it cost a lot less then most coats I had seen but I was glad I got it . It has a very nice fabric and the reflective stripe is great . It has a hole in the back for the leash to go through , my dane looks VERY handsome in it !
 A good value . Bright color and reflective . Fabric was not clearly identified . I was hoping for a waterproof canvas with a thicker lining . Overall , pleased with item .
 After trying & returning quite a few coats for my mixed breed , I finally found this one and after two tries I got one that will work . It seems to me the safest bet is to make sure the chest measurement fits . My dog does not fit into all the sizes listed for chest , neck and back . So this time I picked the chest size and can make do . The overall measurement is too long but it fits the chest and barley the neck but it seems that way with all dog coats . Guess she 's just a weird size , ha ha . I do like this coat , the reflective stripes work great , nice style and like the collar too . Pocket is great for poo bags if you walk your dog , otherwise it 's also great to tease them by putting a cookie in it !! F-u-n-n-y ! Worth the $ 16 w/shipping . At least she has a fighting chance for the upcoming snow ! would recommend to others , just be careful and check sizes and fit for your dog or be prepared to return and try again .
 Water resistant on the outside . Light fleece on the inside . Fits my dog well . Reflectors could be better.Good for the price though .
 I have 2 German Shorthair Pointers and in the winter they definately need some extra warmth when they go outside . This coat is fantastic with the felcro and the reflective velvet polyester fabric it is made of . My dogs stay nice and warm and coat stays on and can be seen in the evenings when it gets dark . Love this coat and I know my dogs do too !!!!
 I loved everything about this jacket . I used it on my dog when it was really cold and she seemed to do fine the first couple times , but now she does n't like it .
 I really like this jacket for my dog , so easy to get on , and stays on and pretty centered on her back until I take it off . The appearance reminds me of a horse blanket , not some fru-fru little sweater type thing , but a real purposeful no nonsense jacket for your dog . Nice hole in the back of the jacket for the leash , and the pocket , well , my dog has not decided what to put in there yet , but it 's cool.The only reason I 'm not giving the 5 stars is because the outside of the jacket is a magnet for dog hair . My dog lays down in her dog bed for a minute and she is covered with all the hair . I 've no idea what fabric could be used to eliminate this , but it does look rather messy when my dog looks like her jacket is covered in hair . Just a warning to all of you that have light colored dogs that order the dark jacket -LRB- or vice versa -RRB- . Oh , my dog is a super tall -LRB- leggy -RRB- , thin 60 pound shepherd -LRB- giraffe looking -RRB- mix , and I got the XL which comes nicely to just in front of the base of her tail . Its definitely on the tightest velcro area on the chest and neck , and still hangs a bit loose , but it does stay in place .
 I have bought this item before from PetEdge . It is a good product except that the velcro wears out too soon but oh well , .
 We purchased an X-Large for our 60lb boxer mix and fits perfectly around her deep chest . It is a tad long but nothing to complain about . I 'm not crazy about the velvet like fabric on the outside of the coat , it has already collected fur and fibers making it look dirty .
 We like this jacket overall . It 's well made and keeps our dog warm.The only improvement that we would like to see is a more adjustable belly strap . It 's large enough to fit out large mix breed dog , but a bit TOO large . The velcro connection area is only about 2 inches long , so you do n't have much room for adjustment . We 'd like to see the velcro strip be longer so we can make the fit tighter . That being said , even with the loose strap the jacket does n't fall off or out of place .
 This in XXL size worked well for a 91 pound lab . Fit nicely . Well made and sturdy . I was impressed . Does not impede dogs ability to go to restroom .
 I have a four year old red female Doberman who thinks she is better than that . Whatever , she and her half brother , black and tan guard/protect the family . She is smaller and not as husky as my male and therefore gets cold easier . It is not to often she get cold as we live inland from San Diego . But when she does get cold you can hear her teeth chatter . She was apprehensive wearing the jacket , so I covered her with it when she is laying in her bed . She got use to it and now wears the jacket without any issues . Be sure to get good measurement before ordering .
 This is a great coat that is easy to put on and take off . Its a great fit and keeps Bandit warm .
 This coat in XXL is big enough for my one year old great dane ... with room for the rest of the growing she will do . The velveteen-like fabric on the outside is soft , and the fleece on the inside is softer . The stitching is sturdy , and I anticipate using this coat for my girl for years . It is not what I would consider ultra-warm ... mostly because the design does not cover the bottom portion of the dog 's torso ... but for winter in New Mexico it works just fine . The XXL covers all the way to the base of my dane 's tail .
 Great weight , easy on and off . Highly recommend it , my min-pin does n't mind it a bit , small fit her perfectly . Easy to clean .
 This was a very nice jacket for Fido , however after about a month of use , the velcro attachment started to fray and peel off . We had to sew it back on , and it is now almost good as new . One nice feature is the reflective patches , so he is easy to see at night with a car approaching .
 First , I have a 65 lb . Boxer with a deep chest . I purchased the XL and I am happy I did because anything smaller would not have fit his chest . My dog is getting older and losing his hair . He hated going outside when it was cold . Now that he has his &#34; cape &#34; it keeps him cozy and he goes out with no resistance . Two things I do n't like ; first the chest and underbelly are very exposed and the jacket itself attracts hair . what i do like my dog likes it and it keeps him warm . i would recommend this to anyone who needs a good jacket for their dog
 Our slightly overweight cocker spaniel loves this coat . So easy to put on her and keeps her warm and dry on her morning walks . We bought a large and it fits wells .
 I 'm writing this to help anyone that may want to order the coat but is unsure what size to order . I was unsure and the reviews helped me decide . I ordered the XL for my 92 pound doberman . It fits him fine but I probably could have gone up a size and given him a little extra room . Great value for the money .
 Going by others ' reviews and sizing chart , I bought the XXL jacket for my 105lb doberman . The product is well-made but is too large around his chest and abdomen . I think an XL would have been much better size-wise .
 I bought a size small coat when my beagle was 5 months . It was perfect for her then . The material is strong and warm , the cut is perfect . My little dog looked so cute with the coat on . Actually , she loves to wear it . However , it is getting really tight now as the dog grows fast . I should order a medium size instead of a small one . Other than that , I am very happy with this coat .
 made coat - Mfg Tagged ` Casual Canine * ' The reflective stripes are a bonus feature for seeing small dog out in fenced yard at night.Having trouble sizing for a 5 # Chihuahua - Ordered small - too big - may try this in XS - Highly recommend for Ur pets.UPDATED
 is really tuff to find . This Small is a true 12 inches from neck to base of tail but when we get that size - it is way big around him - may try rolling and pressing in the front edge with iron on hemming tape found at grocery and big box stores . Then turn under 2 inches at derriere . Still leaves a big overlap on tummy band - This from -LSB- ... -RSB- - Excellent pricing and shipped very expediently as Amazon and shipper promised . Just wish we could find an xs that is 10 inches long from neck to tail . Have now tried 4th coat - looking at donating 3 of the 4 to SPCA local unit.Adding pix so one can see what happens across front legs - as well as belting around -
 This coat is very user friendly . The dogs do n't mind it a bit . I have a pitbull/lab mix = 105 lbs and the 2x fits him great ! The velcro pocket is nice to put plastic baggies in and the light flasher -- seen at night . The coats work well in the rain , but will eventually soak through ... we live in Seattle and they work great ! The reflective strip works . Machine washable , line dry or low temp heat . My only issue with the coat is the strap around his tummy slips a bit and the coat ends up slidding off to the side . I put his safety collar from the leash through the whole and then clipped it to his collar and that seemed to stop this .
 Coat keeps my pit bull warm on long walks . She does n't mind wearing it at all .
 I had doubts about ordering this jacket because it seemed like other people had trouble finding the right size . I ordered the medium for my minpin mix who is just under 30 lbs and just under 2.5 feet from his neck to the start of his tail . It fits perfectly . The velcro makes it easy to take on and off . I did n't notice the reflectors but my neighbor did so I guess they work ok . The jacket comes in this velvet material , other people complained about it looking tacky but it does n't bother me . I 'm really happy with this purchase !
 I got an XL for my 65 pound shepard mix because of other comments/reviews . A large would have been better but this will get us through New England winter just fine . Sent right away . Really nice quality for the money .
 This coat is really nice for the price , but a little large . I did use the measurements the seller provided but the coat is still a little large for my dog , but it works fine . Hes wearing it everyday now since its winter and it does n't bother him at all . Great product . If you have a dog that is on the borderline of size , I would suggest getting the smaller size though .
 My German Shepherd puppy liked this jacket a lot . I bought a XL first and fitted my dog properly and protected him from rain , snow and wind . The jacket is easy to dry and wash . The reflection stripe makes the jacket shine and it is perfect for night walks . I recently bought a XXL jacket since my dog is growing a little more . This is a great product at a convenient price . Anybody can afford this jacket that is very resistant and comfortable for dogs . My dog is an active dog and this jacket was perfect for him . One advice to everybody
 I bought this for my 55 pound springer spaniel . I got him the large size which , is just big enough to fasten around his chest . Keeps him dry on walks in light rain .
 this coat is the greatest . My boxer ca n't fit into the sleeves of most dog coats . -LRB- Her biceps are just too big -RRB- this coat keeps her super warm , and let 's her run , jump and play in the cold . She does n't seem to even notice that she has it on .
 Purchased a Casual Canine - Reflective Jacket , size Large , in Navy for a 70lb AmStaff -LRB- measurements for a jacket
 My dog is 16 '' from neck to root of tail and muscular , so I ordered a Large and it was way too big . I reordered a Medium and it fit perfectly . I have tried other types of jackets where the front legs are inserted through sleeves but she would n't budge in them . This design allows for greater freedom of movement . Easy on and off . The collar can be pushed up for a little more protection . The material is thin , but I think it will block the wind and provide adequate protection for Virginia winters . I am very pleased .
 This is a great jacket . I have two greyhounds , and it is difficult to find a jacket long enough to cover from the base of their necks to the top of the tail . This one fit my 80 pound boy just perfectly . It 's warm but not too heavy . He really seems to like wearing it . The Velcro closure fastens on the side of the jacket instead of across the chest/belly area . This seems more comfortable than having that scratchy stuff rubbing him . When my female needs a new jacket , I will purchase one of these for her too .
 I was n't sure how large of a dog coat to buy for my miniature schnauzer . Turns out the medium is a tad too big , but it still works . It 's very well made , easy to get on and off and keeps him warm on the coldest of days .
 Very nice coat . Well made . Good value . Ordered this for my son 's doberman in size XXL because other coats in size XL were n't big enough to go around his chest . This one is a little big and would probably recommend a size XL for a full grown doberman in this coat . Length-wise it 's a good fit but will have to adjust the belly strap a bit , but that wo n't be hard to do .
 I bought this locally for much much more as I wanted to try it on my dogs and be able to return easily . I was a little skeptical about it staying on with just two velcro straps , but it 's worked amazingly well ! My two dogs do n't mind wearing this at all . The length measure is right on . Though the body strap is meant for maybe thicker waisted dogs , we 've made it work . The outer part is water resistant , and the inner side is fleece lined , which makes it nice and warm . My dogs have not gotten any weird rashes or chafing . I 've put them through the washer and dryer without any ill effects . I 'll definitely buy this product again . And , though I generally think big dogs wearing coats look stupid , this does n't look half bad .
 I have a basset hound , Tank , and most basset hounds are difficult to fit . Tank is a smaller basset hound , being 25 '' from chest to back legs in length , stands 12 '' high at the shoulders , with a 26 '' chest circumference , and weighs 49 lbs . The dog sweaters I tried on her at local stores were either too short or not wide enough for her shoulders and chest.After reading the reviews and knowing Tank 's measurements , I went with an XL size . When it arrived , it fit her shoulders wonderfully , but the belly strap was too long . I simply folded over a 4 '' section and did a simple stitching job . It fits her just fine now . -LRB- There are also plenty of self-adhesive velcro kits that people could use if they do n't sew . -RRB- The coat is a bit long by about 2.5 '' , but Tank does n't seem to mind that it trails down her haunches and the base of her tail ; it keeps the snow and rain off her rump.A large size would have been too small around Tank 's shoulders and not long enough in the back . I 'm glad I went with a XL.I also really appreciate being able to keep Tank in her walking harness , there 's a small slot/opening in the back of the coat for the lead when attached to the harness .
 I use it on our Rhodesian Ridgeback in cold weather . He does not have any undercoat and his hair is basically on long enough to avoid sunburn so he really does not like temps below 40 degrees without his jacket !
 Excellent quality . Large reflective strip that shines bright white when car lights are reflected on coat . It is a great safety device for walking dog at night . Has stury closure . Really looks nice on my dog .
 I was very pleased with the quality of this dog coat for the money . I have a Great Dane Mastif mix and he 's about 200 # and I still got the straps around him ... HE loved it btw ...
 I would recommend this over all the other coats on the market and I have tried quite a few on my lab .
 Like the other reviewer , I have a weimaraner . Overall , i believe i ordered correct size , but opening for the leash rides several inches behind dog 's collar . So , i ca n't use the hole . Velcro at neck has popped open several times -LRB- only been used about 10 times so far -RRB- and i do n't think it 's due to size problem but coat slides too far back and maybe puts pressure on neck velcro . Otherwise , coat is as described and price good . Delivery was timely .
 Great product more beautiful live . Virbant color , quality material , and has a safety reflective strip.It 's not 100 % water proof but keeps her warm and dry when we go for walks and it is sprinking a bit .
 Looks nice with reflectors , sturdy and snugly fit . My only regret is to bought the S size instead of M and it leaves too much of her lower back exposed . I suspect if I ordered M , it probably wont be as snug but it 's still a better trade off .
 Good quality and fits well . Dogs does not seem to mind wearing , so I am guessing comfortable fit . Thank you
 I got this in size medium for our 25 lb boxer mix pup to keep her warmer on winter walks . I was n't sure about the size even though I measured , our dog is extra long and has a somewhat broad chest attached to skinny legs - I was afraid that the leg holes would be too big or that it would not cover her butt all the way , but thanks to other reviewers ' suggestions / size chart , I chose the medium it was overall a good fit - a little tight around the front of her chest but I was still able to fasten the velcro . It covers her whole nicely too.I got this one over other ones on Amazon because of the reasonable price , the classic color choices , and the fact that it is not &#34; crinkle-ly &#34; , which I heard reviewers complain about in other listings . Our dog actually wears this , I do n't think she 's thrilled about it , but this jacket must be comfortable enough that she does not fight it during the walk . It is also very fast and easy to put on with the velcro straps.The collar and the reflective stripe are nice features as well , and she looks really cute in it . Definitely recommend if you need a jacket for your dog .
 this is a very nice dog jackets , fits very well and look good on my dog.I recommend this for dog owners .
 I bought an XXLarge this coat for my very tall and large Rhodesian Ridgeback . The length is just perfect for him . I do wish that the velcro in the underbelly was a little larger so that I could tighten it a bit more under him as the XXL is probably made for a beefier dog as mine is tall , long , and lean . The reflectors on the coat are fantastic , and it keeps him warm !
 Bought the L for my 50lb dog . PERFECT fit . She loves and I love that she is warm and Very visible . Cars see us on our early morning and late evening walks . The color is more crimson than red , but very happy with the make and style . I highly recommend this jacket .
 Bought the XL for my 63lb boy . It is a little loose on him through the chest , but he 's very lean like a Dalmation . We love the jacket and we are very visible at 6:30 am and 6:30 pm during our walks . Jacket is very warm and has a velveten back . Color is more crimson than red . Highly recommend this product . Jacket arrived very quickly .
 The size is exactly as advertised . It is very good quality and is warm . It looks nice , easy to put on and take off , and I recommend it .
 this is a nice coat . it perfect so my dog doesnt pee on the jacket . also its easy to put on and take off so no squeezing in arms and sleeves and stuff . becareful drying it though . im not sure if it was my fault that the jacket started to lose some of its fabric but hang dry if possible .
 I did n't think there was any way my 40-pound dog would need a large -- but he does . I think this is a nice jacket , so I 'm going to give the medium to the Daschund next door and order the next size up .
 fits well on 40lb lab mix - helps to have reflection for black dog on winter mornings ... will keep us both safe
 Well pleased with the fleece dog jacket I got from spoil your pets .
 Great product and value . Item is well made and better quality than expected.Have purchased many jackets for my cocker spaniel in the past at local pet shops , only to return them due to poor fit.My dog is comfortable wearing the item , and it is easy to put on her and take off . Reflective stips are great for safety while walking at night .
 This coat for the dogs really works great . It stays on thight on my Dalmatian/American Bulldog mix and my Black lab/Pit Bull mix . I did end up odering the wrong size but the company replaced them very quickly with the right sizes .
 They were just what we were looking for and very happy when we received them , quality item and the fit is perfect ...
 -LSB- NOTE
 Great service from Seller . We are very happy with the product and would buy again .
 Now that I 've seen the coat on my dog , I can comment on the material , size and quality . So far , I 'm happy with the purchase . The material has a suede like finish on the outside . The inside is a fine fleece -LRB- like a sweatshirt -RRB- . My dog -LRB- a 70 # coonhound -RRB- does n't need much when he 's outside because he 's usually running around . This sweater seems soft enough , and thin enough , for indoor usage during the day when I set back the furnace temperature , as well as providing enough additional coverage to keep him comfortable in the winter cold.The reflective stripes seem like a nice bonus . I 'm glad I followed the other reviews and ordered XL . It fits him well - large would n't have been big enough .
 i have a 50lb pit bull and large is a little tight around the Neck/Chest should have tried a XL but probably would have been to big ill just buy some more Velcro so it would fit her
 I bought this coat for my 75-lb Boxer mix and overall it 's a good buy . The materials and construction are pretty good . Just be aware it 's not a thick winter coat so if you plan to take the dog camping in the freezing mountains , you might want something else . My dog is barrel-chested but not overweight and the XL fits her just fine -- if your dog is actually fat -LRB- even a little bit -RRB- try the next size up . The two straps could use to be an inch longer each and the velcro closures are n't exactly hard to open and may need to be replaced with sturdier ones before the winter 's out , but I still think it 's a good coat for the money .
 These jackets work great ! The look so cute and the are made really well . The dogs love them since they do n't go around their legs . They are really easy to put on and take off . Well worth the money ! : -RRB-
 This coat is a great one for light weather . The underbelly strap is a bit snug on big chested dogs so you may want to order one level up on bigger dogs . Dog loves this coat as it is an easy wear for her . The cut out for the collar does not seem to always meet up with where the collar goes but it is really not a big deal . Great coat for the price .
 Exceeded my expectations -- Fit our LARGE Great Dane perfectly . Few companies carry this large size and when I read other reviews stating the coat ran on the larger size -- I was so happy it did . I was so pleased with the fit , quality material , soft fleese lining , attractive style and color , secure fastener , and ability to stay on the dog day and night . I was so satisfied with the coat and the amazing low price , I immediately ordered 2 more as future back-ups .
 It was exactly what I needed for my dog !! I bought the large since I have a 70 lb . golden retriever -LRB- just like the picture -RRB- . She had lost some hair due to a thyroid condition . So until the medication took effect and her hair grew back , I wanted to make sure she was protected from the cold.The coat is so comfortable ; she did n't try to remove it . I will use the coat even when it rains .
 My dogs LOVE their new jackets . The fit is great , and they both look very comfortable in them -LRB- I have a choc . lab and a heeler mix -RRB- .
 I received the dog jacket very quickly and I am pleased with the garment . This was a good price for the item and I am very happy with it .
 I read other feedback and used the sizing chart , it was 100 % accurate for my Weimaraner puppy . Great product . Love the reflective material .
 My dog has long straight fur and I wanted a comfortable raincoat for him . I looked around and decided he did n't need a hoody . This worked out really well for him because it has a semi collar around the neck that protects most of his neck/head . Now I can take him out for walks in the rain and not bring home a stinky wet dog.My dog is 20-22 pounds and I got him a medium size coat . Still a bit snug but I think a large would have been too big .
 I have an adult Boxer with a very deep chest ; this coat fit perfectly around his chest and completely covered his back , plus he looked great , too ! I loved the reflective strips , as we go out , or stay out , while it 's dark . I say get it , as the price was great , too !
 I just received the jacket and got the `` ohh man , this is gon na suck '' look from my dog . Kinda like when I bought Doggles for her . She hated wearing them . Ok , back to the jacket ... . It seems to be fairly well made . I like the reflective strips but have to differ a little on the description of fleece as the main fabric . It just does n't feel like fleece to me . No big deal . I think it does help my dog retain some body heat and that 's really all that matters . So far , so good . I 'd suggest it to anyone else who 's thinking about getting one .
 My dog is considered `` medium size '' according to his weight -LRB- 60 lbs -RRB- , but he 's very lean and muscular . I bought him a coat from another source size Large and it was way too small -LRB- reaches from his neck to the middle of his back -RRB- . SO , I bought this one in an Extra Extra Large , thinking that coats run small , and it 's way too big . The neck-to-tail length in the size chart matches him but the coat hangs out over his tail -LRB- which he finds really annoying -RRB- , and the strap wraps around his belly and all the way to his back bone . I like the coat , but now have to figure out how to adjust it to his size . I think the fit is wrong because I did n't allow that he IS long but also has short-hair and is very lanky . Thus he 's not furry enough to fill out the coat . People who order this coat should keep this in mind in selecting the size . This design factors in a full fur coat , so if you have a short-haired dog , you might not need as big a size as you 'd think .
 This dog coat is great it is easy to put on and take off . It has the reflective stripes so you can be seen when head lights hits it . It keeps our dog warm and he loves it . The breed of our dog is a Lab and Golden retreiver Mix he weighs about 70 Lbs . It does not fit snug . We had a large and it got to tight for him . The x-large fits good for him
 This coat is sturdy and extremely well made . It is of high quality fabric and true to size . It fits my dog well and does not slip out of place .
 -LSB- NOTE
 This coat is very user friendly . The dogs do n't mind it a bit . I have a lab/sharpae mix = 65 lbs and the xl is too big for him . The velcro pocket is nice to put plastic baggies in and the light flasher -- seen at night . The coats work well in the rain , but will eventually soak through ... we live in Seattle and they work great ! The reflective strip works . Machine washable , line dry or low temp heat . My only issue with the coat is the strap around his tummy slips a bit and the coat ends up slidding off to the side . I put his safety collar from the leash through the whole and then clipped it to his collar and that seemed to stop this
 I ordered two of these jackets , they were too large so I sent them back , and received a smaller size . No problems with the company . I love the jackets and so do my dogs!Diana W.
 Neat little jacket for my giant puppy . He 's very narrow though , and the strap is barely long enough . That 's is the only problem . The strap definitely needs to be longer and if you have a `` stocky '' dog -LRB- at all -RRB- , I do n't think it would work .
 -LSB- NOTE
 Purchased a large coat for my sister 's elderly lab . Very easy to put onand fits her dog perfectly . She does n't seem to mind wearing it at all . Though she does n't go on long walks anymore , this coat helps keep her warm on the short outings that she does go on . Reflective strip is a plus for nightime walks .
 I bought this for my dog a year ago and he gets compliments every time ... . He looks soooo cute on it !
 Great product . Well-made and looks great on our dog ! It 's perfect for those winter evening walks - thanks to the reflective stripes .
 I like to use this after a bath . Seems to keep my dog warm and my floor dry . Arrived quickly .
 nice quality all around handsome dog jacket . bought for my boxer-bull mix who is hard to size due to broad chest and neck . have used everyday for a little over a month and looks like new ! `` max '' gets excited to put on so it must not be uncomfortable . i recommend this jacket versus sweaters for ease of dresssing and durability .
 The jacket is a very nice quality and the color red looks great on our totally black dog . It fits well everywhere except around the neck as our dog is part terrier and has a mane . So it is very snug around his neck . It is easy to put on and remove with the velcro tabs and our dog does n't mind wearing it .
 The front velcro strap seems to pop open all the time . But , other than that the jacket is great . I get so many compliments on it and the reflectors are a life saver -LRB- literally -RRB- . It 's not bulky but still seems warm .
 My dog LOVES his coat . He 's a big dog , but has no undercoat and short hair - so he gets cold easily . The coat is easy to put on , stays put while walking , and provides just enough warmth for him .
 I love this . . my dog loves this ! fast delivery ... great quality ... and a much better price than going to a pet store ! do it . : -RRB-
 I bought size SM for my dog , but it was too big . I contacted the seller and they were willing to exchange the size for me . I received the smaller one and now it 's perfet size for my dog . This Jacket is very easy to put on and quality is excellent . Unlike other Jackets , there are no sleeve which make it easy to put on . I love it !
 my two golden retrievers love wearing this royal robe . all they need now is a crown for their head . great coat , great customer service .
 I have bought a lot of coats and sweaters for my dogs and these are the best so far . The material is the perfect weight for our cold , but not freezing , nights -LRB- 38-42 degrees -RRB- . My dogs leave them on and actually come right up to get them put on at night . Every other coat , my one dog sheds off as fast as she can . The outside fabric keeps the wind off , while the inside is soft . It appears to be `` cheap '' , but I think that the light weight is deceiving . They are holding up very well , are very easy to put on and take off , and the dogs seem warm and comfortable . Overall an excellent value .
 These keep are dogs nice and warm . We bought the large one and returned them because they were too small . We got the x-large and they are a bit big . But they fit well enough that they can wear them at night and keep them warm .
 I will admit first off that I listened to other reviewers and bought a size larger than I thought I would need . I should have bought what I thought would fit my dog . I have a pit bull mix that weighs over 90 # and has a lovely broad chest and thick shoulders and long body . When I measured him , I thought I should just get the x-large , but instead went a size up to the xx-large . It 's a bit too big . That was my bad . Although it is a little loose on him , I will keep it and use it because it is not TOO loose , and it is nicely made and an appealing color -LRB- the hunter green -RRB- . And even though it is a little big , it does n't look like it would get in the way when he does his business or anything . And I feel like it offers a little more coverage to keep him warm than a smaller size would - like the underside of his chest.Like I said , it is nicely made . The outer material feels like a soft suede/velvet kind of material , and the underside is a soft fleecy kind of material . Water-resistant and warm . If it were made for people , it would be a jacket rather than a coat -- like a sweatshirt with a little wind-breaker over it . The picture is pretty accurate . My dog loves it . The reflective stripes are HIGHLY reflective . Unless you cover them with something like a backpack or another piece of clothing , your dog will be seen from way down the street when headlights hit it . I use a backpack , so the stripes are not quite so noticeable except for the two or three inches that show from beneath the backpack on his ribs , and those stripes are pretty bight . The collar has a little button-hole in it for the leash , but because I use a martingale which needs to sit a lot higher on the neck , it just goes up above the collar . Not a big deal.Again , the error in sizing was mine . The product itself is very nice , and I would rather work with it to make it fit better than to mess with returning it for a smaller size.I will definitely be ordering for our other dogs , and I fully recommend this product . But DO take a tape measure to your dog and order accordingly . There are instructions on the product page on how and what to measure , and the corresponding sizes . Do n't just eyeball it .
 Item as described . Additional description from me
 We have a greyhound and this jacket fits him perfect from head to tail . It is very easy to put on thanks to the velcro strap . It has a leash opening cut into the top and even has a little pocket on top . It seems to be well made . I 'm glad I purchased this jacket . Amazon rocks !
