 Great Toy , hard to find ! We get ours online here or shipped from a friend in America!Our little Papillion-Yorkie mix loves it . Every night I am in the back garden kicking the ball for him ! He destroys tennis balls by chewing off the fluff and our wee dog finds them to big to carry/catch . We stumbled across this in our local petstore and our dog was hooked ! Sadly , local pet store no longer imports them.Stars all around for this one !
 I have bought several of these small Orbee Tuff balls , because my dog simple loves them ! The orange ball does glow in the dark that makes it easy to find . I have nothing but good things to say about these small balls . The only down side is Trix , my dog , keeps loosing them !
 I gave it 5 stars because my little dog had so much fun riping it apart but only took him 24 hrs to do it buy that is 23 hrs longer than other balls
 I 've used many products to try and help the water clarity , but only kent marine was capable of successfully clearing the water every time . Caution though , adding it to water will drop the pH. Mix with tank water on the side and check pH before placing it in the tank .
 This pool is a perfect size . It is easy for all crabs to get in and out of and looks like a real pool ! The diving board and palm is a bonus !!
 Ths is made of porous stone so water seeps out slowly wetting the sand a bit . The height is good even for my smallest crab .
 I bought two for my hermits and they work perfect , make it easy for the crabs to get in and out .
 I love these and so does my dog . They are just a little pricey for what you get , and my dog destroys them in a matter weeks . They need to be made of more durable material . Other than that , great for interaction with your dog .
 Excellent chew for a dog who is allergic to grain . Really helps keep his teeth clean .
 My two dogs LOVE these . I stuff pieces in their Kong balls , which makes a long-lasting , healthful treat .
 It works and it 's not a chemical -- so it does not ruin the natural bacteria in the pond or lower the immune response of the fish .
 My chiuhuahua looks too cute in this . I think the Xtra small was just the right fit . He wont go potty on it when he is wearing it . You can go up a size but your doggy may have and accident on it . So I advise you not too
 This x-small runs very big -LRB- my 8 pound Chihuahua usually wears a small -RRB- , but shrunk to the perfect size -LRB- almost a bit tight now -RRB- after I threw it into the dryer -LRB- after washing -RRB- . It is very cute and has two buttons on the neck which can be left open or buttoned up depending on the weather . I love this polo !
 These fit super cute !! My boy looks so handsome , everywhere he goes people turn to see him and point out `` How Cute '' . Fit comfortable , although I never close the buttons or it would be to tight around his neck . I would recommend getting a size larger or measuring really well or your dog might outgrow this item immediately , it also fits a little short , like mid-body not all the way to the tail.Overall , really cute shirt !!
 I had to get shirts for my dog to wear to work with me , and these were perfect !
 This kit is so easy to use and helps me protect my aquarium . . I highly recommend it for fish owners ...
 Not smelly , highest quality and extremely stable , at least a year 's supply for a German Shepherd -LRB- 3 pumpstrokes a day for dogs 53 - 106 pounds -RRB- , very easy to use . Comes with a plastic packed pump -LRB- not shown -RRB- that you just screw in when you take off the lid . My dog likes the taste . We use it for arthritis benefit . Vet suggested his mild neck arthritis would decrease from food high in omega-3s -LRB- reduces inflammation -RRB- and low in omega-6s -LRB- improves infection resistance but increases inflammation -RRB- . The problem is , commercial dog food makers have decided infection from poor dental health is more dangerous to senior dogs than arthritis , and make senior formulas with omega-6s far outweighing omega-3s . The vet 's food was not only very poor nutritional quality -LRB- no meat , only by-products ! -RRB- it was ghastly expensive . Adding Kronch oil to a quality commercial food was the answer . For each pump , my dog receives 1050 mg of omeg-3s and only 150 mg of omega-6 . This is way better omega-3 to omega-6 ratios than even the vet food !
 This is so much easier to put into my dog 's food than anything else that I have found ! I have 3 German Shepherd 's and I fill dog food bowls a lot . Much cheaper and much easier , I will be buying this product for a long time .
 We have been giving this to our two golden retriever puppies -LRB- started at 6 1/2 mos old -RRB- for almost two months now at the recommendation of our homeopathic vet . WOW - what a great product ! Their coats are like satin - among all the other benefits it provides -LRB- joints , organs , skin , etc ! -RRB- and they love it ! The pump is great and makes it really east to add to each meal ; really good price too .
 this is a great products , I like the way it dispenses . My dogs love the taste and their coat look great .
 I have used a lot of different oil products for my dogs but I like this the best . It is easy to dispense and is processed the proper way for my dogs to get the most benefit . I will make this a regular in my dogs ' diet .
 I have used this product for quite a while now and absolutely love it ! I have three large dogs and the fish oil keeps them healthier . The large size lasts a while for me and the pump top makes it easy to use . I just put a few pumps on their food . The price and quality can not be surpassed .
 Strongly recommend this product to add to your dogs dinner . My dog loves the smell , and it 's made a noticeable improvement in his coat .
 Adding fish oil to your dogs food makes a big difference . This product is great and fresh , even if I get a large supply it does n't go rancid .
 This is a great value for the money . We have bought more expensive salmon oil products in the past and this one is a much better value and provides just as much bennefit for our pups . Their coats are soft and shiny and it keeps thier skin hydrated during our long and very cold winters . Would highly recomend this product !
 We have all seen sunken boats , ships , even submarines and they 're cool . . if you 're not a snobby naturalist . The same holds true for a sunken car , its just cool . The plants `` growing '' on the car are okay , not the best but not a deal breaker .
 This dog collar was made of beautiful leather and the studs are covered w more leather so that the studs can not pull on dogs hair . Collar is very well made and is comfortable on my dogs neck . I love it and Nitro looks very handsome in it .
 This collar is worth every penny you pay for it . It is super thick and heavy good quality leather . I 've been using this collar on my German Shepherd for over one year and the rounded studs protect it from any scratching that he may do . This will probably last for ever and be the last collar I 'll ever have to buy for him !
 Product was as advertised . Very high quality . Product arrived in less time than anticipated . My dog Buddy looks very sharp wearing this collar . I would highly recomend company and product to anyone seeking a high quality leather studded dog collar .
 I 've looked around for a while searching for a puppet toy that my dog would like , yet one that would protect my hand . This is it . My dog goes absolutely crazy for this puppet and I am relieved that he can bite and bite and bite and NOT hurt my hand . What a relief ! My dog loves it so much that I would give it five stars but am giving it four instead because he tore an ear off in the first couple of days . My wife sewed it back on and it 's stayed in place since then . Other than that , it 's been great .
 My dog loves squeaky stuffed things so this is a big hit with him and puts him into a frenzy . He usually destroys his squeaky toys in just a few minutes but with this I can play and wrestle with him until he is exhausted and take it away from him to be enjoyed again . There is a lot of padding so I was never able to feel his bite . Depending on how your dog plays you will need to hold onto the inside of the puppet to keep him from tearing it off your hand . The toy is pretty tough and is easily able to support his full weight -LRB- 30 lbs -RRB- dangling from his jaw . The last one I received as a gift and made the mistake of giving it too him after a play session and he destroyed it . So hopefully this one will last a long time . Priced at under $ 10 , it is a great value for such a fun and well made toy .
 This feeder is attractive and made mostly of a nice coppery metal . I bought it as a finch feeder for thistle seed . Unfortunately , the feeder ports are made of cheap plastic , are hard to work with , and come off and break easily . I will probably have to contact the company for replacements . Something else that is important to note is that it is very top heavy . When filling with bird seed it will be awkward to handle for people who are older , have arthritis , carpal tunnel -LRB- as I do -RRB- , or any other difficulty with their hands .
 This is a great collar . It has nice quality double layered leather so the back side of the studs do n't rub againt your dogs neck . It fits my pooch great . It takes a little longer to break in because of the thickness of leather . This collar seems to be very comfortable on my dog . I would highly recommend it .
 A bit too dusty for comfortably filling muslin sachets without worries about dust getting out onto our clothes , but this is otherwise a terrific product for our non-typical needs . Not sure of its virtues for pet cages .
 I have had no problems with this cedar pet bedding for allergic reactions or anything else . I add it to Feline Pine cat litter in a ratio of about 1 part Cedar Chips to 4 parts Feline Pine and it helps with urine absorption and there are virtually no odors from urine whatsoever anymore in the box ; we remove the cat waste once or twice daily with 2 adult cats . I use the Cedar Chips for the bedding in our hamster cage . In the portion of the cage where he sleeps/nests I also add cotton -LRB- from just pulling apart cotton balls -RRB- & / or wool -LRB- from spinning , if you are a knitter it is plain , natural roving -RRB- . He loves to burrow into the soft wool or cotton and the cedar chips catch in it a little bit but mainly fall to the bottom of the nest hideout . I recommend this product , it smells wonderful and woodsy and lasts a very long time .
 This is a great product and I have used it for years . It is a part of flea control and should not be expected to be the one answer for every flea . Pets need to have flea medicine/baths as well as continuous vacuuming of the house since fleas can live on pet hair . A flea cycle is 21 days-using this product in a combination with proper flea control is the best way to get the maximum performance . Spray where pet sleeps , all carpets , furniture , area rugs , and fabrics where fleas can lay eggs . Keep it up once a week or more for the first 3 weeks to break the flea cycle while applying flea medication to your pets . Humans can carry fleas into the house as well as pets . The trick is to stay on top of the flea cycle so it does n't become out of hand . If it is allowed to go through a few cycles without proper flea control , it will take much more effort , time , and products to get it under control .
 I have found Zodiac to be one of the best controls for fleas . I use the spray on the carpets , under the furniture cushions , and places where our cat sleeps . The spray kills on contact . I let the spray dry and then vacuum those areas , only because it 's my preference . I prefer the foam that I can no longer find . You could hold the can upside down and did n't have to as much bending . The 16 oz . can is suitable for most small homes . I have only 1000 square feet . The larger can comes in handy for additional applications . We have only one cat and she does not go outside . It 's the humans bringing the fleas indoors either from other people 's pets or from the fleas that are naturally living outside . Do n't forget to treat your cat as well . Fleas can cause animals serious illnesses . For those of you who have major infestations , you might want to consider having an exterminator treat your home and then use Zodiac for maintenance.Zodiac Carpet & Upholstery Aerosol Spray , 16 oz
 We WERE using a flea prevention on our diabetic cat when we took her to upstate NY . Unfortunately , we did not know that fleas in that part of the country -LRB- NC , too -RRB- are Immune to Frontline ... so she came home with fleas . We do Rescue . We had 20 cats and two dogs and were INFESTED . We could not bomb the house because we had three very large fish tanks ... I tried this and treated all the animals with Frontline . We STILL had fleas and it was getting WORSE ... THEN I found out from friends in various parts of the US that Frontline does n't work in some areas of the country -- obviously NOT upstate NY . SO , we Resprayed EVERYWHERE and treated the animals with Advantage and Revolution ... THAT did the trick . We have not had a flea issue since -LRB- Knock wood and anti-jinx !!! -RRB- Please do NOT use Hartz or Zodiac topical flea control on your animals -- many have died and many more have had severe allergic/skin reactionshartzvictims.org
 It did n't leave any weird marking on any furniture , the smell was n't harsh and the product did a fine job .
 Its an ok value for the money , would buy from amazon again in the future . thanks for the good deal
 I have bought two of these , about a year apart.The last one i bought had a nicer finish to the edges , not just cut leather.Really nice , and i get compliments all the time on it .
 I got it in the mail . i repaired my fish tank . it did what it said . didnt leak or peel . sold my fish tank after it pased the test . this is some nice aquarium sealant .
 made a cool divided tank with it . 1/2 land with a glass divider held in place by the silicone , 1/2 land .
 this looks great in my tank ... i have a 70 gallon vertical style with cichlids and this was the final touch ... love the plants that come attached to give it the `` buried at the bottom but life must grow on '' look ... a lot cheaper on here than at retail stores ... petco wanted i believe 55 for this ...
 In one of several aquariums I maintain in my home , I went with a shipwreck theme when choosing decor . This shipwreck is a lovely addition , and it matches nicely a separate item , the broken stern.The piece certainly evokes the bottom-of-the-sea atmosphere I 'd hoped to create . It 's even a little eerie in its stark silence , with jagged holes in the hull hinting at some terrible ocean tragedy long ago . Of course , the holes also provide ample room for fish to swim , and the hollow interior is a great place for them to hide.Decorating an aquarium is mostly about individual taste , so this wo n't mean much to people who 're going with another theme . Still , shipwreck buffs will find this a good piece to bring home to your favorite piscine environment .
 Quality is superior to most . Very handsome and well made collar . The color is very complementary to my black dog .
 I 've tried virtually every kind of equipment for controlling dogs -LRB- from standard collars to choke chains to prong collars -RRB- , and the Halti has become my favorite piece of gear for walking my dog . Being able to control my dog is particularly important given that he 's a great dane who weighs in at 130 lbs.Anyone who has worked with horses will be easily familiar with the Halti -LRB- it 's basically a bridle -RRB- and that 's what makes it effective for controlling animals
 I most definitely prefer Haltis over Gentle Leaders , because the Gentle Leaders have to be put on so tight behind the head . Initially with my 63 pound Pit Bull , Peaches , I had to use a prong collar -LRB- snapping it , not pulling it -RRB- , but then we graduated to the Halti and it is working great.But like other reviewers have mentioned , they run big . Never would I have imagined that my 63 pound Pit Bull would wear a size 2 that is supposed to fit a cocker spanial . The size 3 is just barely small enough to work but the size 2 fits perfectly.See pictures of Peaches at -LSB- ... -RSB-
 I have tried 3 different styles of head harnesses on my Cane Corso Pup . . hes 8months now and 90 lbs of pure muscle that loves to pull . I do n't much care for choke chains since he just pulls , chokes and gags over and over.As for the prev reviewer , most dogs need to be conditioned to new experiences like a head collar , or clipping toe nails . . My pup struggled like it was the end of the world the first few times we tried to put the harness on him -LRB- and tried to cut his nails -RRB- . It 's a matter of making them comfortable with the experience.Now he sits at the front door and when I grab the head harness he jams his face into it enthusiastically.Anyway , I have tried the walmart brand harness , do n't like it compared to the other 2 , it works better than just a collar though.It fits like a gentle leader but the leash clips behind the head , so you do n't get as much control over the nose.The gentle leader By premiere worked very well and I had no complaints , however my pup got ahold of it and chewed it up.The halti goes one step further than the gentle leader , it clips under the nose the same way , however the Halti has a floating ring that acts similar to a choker , but on the mouth rather than the neck . . so when the dog pulls , it forces his mouth closed.He does n't seem to like that very much . . but that 's kind of the point of training . . I only gave it 4/5 stars because the floating ring for the choker , is n't a true floating ring.It 's hard to describe until you see it , but the choker only really works when pulled from one side , from the other side it does n't close so it works the same as the gentle leader . Guess you are meant to train the dog to walk on your left hand side always . Luckily for me I had already been doing that . . but not so great for you righties .
 I bought this as a gift for a friend who has a 70 # lab-shar-pei mix . Even though this dog 's head is a bit smaller than the one pictured on the front of the product , it fit perfectly and my friend has seen great results in her walks with her dog , who used to pull like mad , but is now behaving really well thanks to this little contraption .
 After our new furry family member chewed through two of the Gentle Leader collars in three months , I went in search of something new . We have had this collar now for over nine months and it is still in one piece . The nose loop does not slip off like with the other collar , so he ca n't eat it ! And even if he managed to do so - the material is thicker and stronger . Our dog is a 75 lb lab/bulldog mix , who can out-pull me or my husband on a standard neck collar . But this head collar really minimizes his ability and desire to pull . I can control him with two fingers on the leash - HUGE difference ! LOVE this one !
 I bought the Halti brand first ... This brand is better ... has a soft piece of material that goes over the nose of your pet . . This is the best thing I could have purchased for my dogs . . It DEFINITELY WORKS ... I have 2 strong-willed Boxers that try to control me ... but this product is a lifesaver ... Thank you , thank you , thank you !!!!
 I had bought one of these for my old dog -LRB- a large German Shorthaired Pointer -RRB- who had a horrible pulling problem . And it worked perfectly for him , and he did n't seem to mind . On the other hand I just bought one of these for my 10 month old Coonhound , and it also worked to stop his pulling . But he hates it ! I ca n't take him for a walk without him trying to get it off atleast 3-6 times . I think this may just be because he loves to sniff the ground so much that this kind of makes his head go higher up , but now I have to order him something else to stop his pulling because of what difficulty it is to use this for him . Other than that amazing product in it 's self .
 I have a black lab / blue heeler mix that is totally nuts . She looooves running , and fetching . I have to admit to being one of those owners who rarely leash their dogs , and therefore the dog does not know how to behave on leash . In my defense - I live in a small rural community , my dogs listen well and leave people alone , our yard is fenced , and they wear boundary collars . When away from home , we are usually in the woods , or at the river where they are off-leash anyhow - so leashes are not often necessary . Our town even allows dogs in the theatre and bar , off-leash ! This dog is so nuts ... she competes in dock dog competitions - pure raw energy , but no leash manners . That being said , I think you can imagine what it was like to walk her on leash across the highway to get to the woods.On a regular leash and collar , her front paws never hit the ground , and her entire abdomen would surge with the force of her pull ... I was the only woman capable of handling her , she was so strong . Choke collar - same thing , but add gasping for air . Never tried a prong collar on her . I tried the training thing , but I am just not very consistent , and it would take me hours to cross the street . So , I thought , why not try one of those Holt collars ... Now , she hates the thing , and if we stop walking , she is rubbing it on everything trying to get it off , but while walking , she has completely stopped pulling ! I 'm not exaggerating , the crazy dog no longer pulls ! Every time she tried , it would tighten up on her muzzle and turn her head to me . It does n't hurt her either!I just ordered one for my boxer . She is nowhere as bad , but I could use a leash without tension with her too . I 'm a little nervous about the shape of her muzzle , so I will update this once it arrives and I have a chance to try it on her too .
 I could never walk him before because he drug me all around . With this Halti he 's more subdued and where his head goes he really must follow . I do n't have be be agrressive with it at all . When he gets used to it we will have no problems at all . He is finally slightly behind me instead of taking me on a tour I didn -LSB- ' t ask for
 Overall this does what it 's intended to do . My puppy -LRB- roughly a 50lb lab mix -RRB- got a hold of his last one , a gentle leader head collar -LRB- while not wearing it -RRB- and managed to chew the plastic clasp so we needed a new one and we bought this . It does a very good job of stopping the pulling and I think this one actually fits better than the Gentle Leader brand because of the way the straps are designed.The reason I gave it four stars instead of five , is that you hook the leash to the head halter below the dog 's jaw . This means your leash hangs down in front of the dog , and in my case it seem 's he is always tripping on the leash or stepping over it so it ends up under his stomach/between his legs . This was the case with both head collars we 've had . I can kind of avoid it if I hold the leash up high enough in a certain way , but it 's still annoying . I might just get a normal harness that goes around his body and fastens to the leash by his back , but then again the head collar is quick and easy to put on .
 i have tried other halters , and found them to be too flimsy . this is a very strong and solid halter . we have a bulldog that is -LRB- bull headed -RRB- and thinks he should be able to go anywhere his head leads him . with using holt he behaves like a little angel .
 Works great on my energetic 80 pound lab-mix . Does n't slip around on her head , no problem with fit . Much better fit than the basic 2-loop figure-eight type dog halter that I tried first , which always ended up slipping up and ending up too close to her eyes . I 've been using it every day since I bought it and it does n't show any sign of wear . There is no way she can chew on it while we 're walking .
 This head harness is great quality and very comfortable for my dog and it works well with pulling and control . It is better because it does n't have to be worn very tight and he still can not take it off on his own .
 I like this head collar because it has the best features of all the other head collars put into one . Makes it much easier to walk my exuberant 105 pound puppy .
 A must for a determined puller , not for the dog but us owners ! Near instantaneous better walking . Buddy still needs it after about three weeks . I thought he would get the idea and then I could stop using it . Not true yet and maybe never , which will not be so bad . A little bit of a pain to put on when he wants to go for a walk . Also , he has already chewed the plastic clasp and I had to buy another . His bad allowed by my not making sure it was up and away while we were out . Buddy is a puppy that requires training . Holt is a well thought out product that is effective . I recommend it .
 Previously used a gentle leader for our dog Madison which worked well but seemed to be very uncomfortable for her . We switched to a gentle leader as the fabric around the nose is padded and she likes it much more ! Functions about the same otherwise . I highly recommend these over other collars such as choke chains which can be dangerous to an uncooperative dog .
 I agree with the other reviewer about the sizing . 0 is supposed to be for a doxie size , but my Jack Russell/Pug -LRB- 20lbs -RRB- mix can slip out of it when it 's not set super tight . We have a min-pin mix , about 11lbs , and I worry if we order another 0 it will be too big . Honestly 0 should fit the smallest dog , not a 25 pounder ! Still a good product despite the sizing issues and the cost is good compared to other 's .
 I am a professional dog trainer . Client after client has come to me with the dog pulling them down the street . I grab one of my Halti 's out of my supply and put it on the dog . After working with the dog for 15 minutes giving treats and making sure I am not pulling in any manner , 100 % of the dogs are now walking calmly next to me with me using a pinky to hold the leash . If you let the dog squirm around and paw at it and get it in their mouth , sure they will chew it up . Offering treats instead and taking their attention off the halter will stop that behavior . Unfortunately the uninformed dog owner will give a poor review . When used properly this is the best product I have ever used . This product will also close the dog 's mouth so he is not mouthing any one or another dog .
 I 've used the Gentle Leader head harness for a number of my dogs , including some rescues that I was fostering . They worked but I found several problems with them . The nose piece is n't padded so it tended to rub on the dogs nose and also frequently rode up to the edge of their eyes , no matter how I adjusted it . I also found you had to make the straps pretty tight , which the dogs did n't like , to help keep it in place . And that sometimes did n't even work as I frequently found the collar had slipped/moved during the walk . Lastly , the straps got looser and looser over time and retightening them would only last a short while before they needed readjusting.I decided to try this product , the Holt head harness , the successor to the very popular Halti . Received it and was very impressed with the design as well as the padding on the nose strap -LRB- to prevent rubbing -RRB- and the additional strap for connecting to the dog 's regular collar . Used them last night for the first time , one on my 87 lb German Shepherd -LRB- size 3 -RRB- and one on my 42 lb 2 year old mix -LRB- very much still a puppy -RRB- -LRB- size 2 -RRB- . The Holt collars fit perfectly and were very easy to adjust . My German Shepherd did n't mind it at all , the puppy resisted a little at first -LRB- as she always did w / the gentle leader -RRB- but quickly settled in . Took a nice long walk and came home . Both were still adjusted perfectly , no slippage or movement , and no irritation on their noses . They also seemed to give a little more control , easier head turning , than the gentle leader.I 'm glad I made the change . Very highly recommended .
 Purchased the small for our 27lb Jack Russell . He was constantly pulling with a standard collar - to the point where quick-pulling back on him to correct him looked like animal abuse . He initially tried to back out of this collar , but got used to it fairly quickly . He does try to paw at it from time to time , but only when we 're not moving , -LRB- ie , when he has time to think about it -RRB- . We had one of these years ago for a lab that pulled like a freight train . They work . Now we have very calm walks .
 My dog was quite the puller before purchasing this product . Now he 's very well mannered on a leash.The good
 I knew from reading other reviews that the sizing runs large . The company suggested a size 3 for my 40 lb English setter , so I ordered the 2 based on reviews . It 's still too big ! I ca n't believe we need a size 1 . Otherwise , I love the design . Much better than the premiere gentle leader , which slides up the nose into the eyes and rubs .
 Definitely too big for my 10 pound yorkie . I was able to tighten it around her neck by sewing it and now it works great . It takes a while for the dog to get used to but makes such a difference when walking her !
 Walking our retriever was a chore until we bought one of these . We HIGHLY recommend this product . Love it . Our buddy is like a different dog on a walk now . He literally heals by your side on a short leash , and it did n't take a long time , or fancy training . Just put on the collar , and just the pressure against is head if he pulls gets his attention . He taught himself not to pull because it does n't feel good . It 's not like a choker , he breaths , drinks , etc. , just fine . It only tightens a bit if he pulls on the leash.Can ' t say enough good things about these trainers . We 'll be buying more of them .
 Tycho is twice the size of a normal Shiba , currently 38 pounds and purebred . He 's a rescue , re-homed due to his anxiety issues getting him into trouble . This head halter gives us confidence that we can keep him under control no matter how scared he gets or how many delicious cats he sees . Tycho does know how to throw off the head halter when he 's upset , but that does n't matter . The halter is securely connected to his collar , and by the time he 's tossed one , we 've caught him by the other and he 's safely under control.If you have concerns about pulling during walks or your dog slipping his collar , this is a great solution . It may take a couple tries to get the right size , but the effort is well worth it .
 The collar was exactly what I figured it 'd be . The dog we were fostering to rehab tho was too unruly & big for it to work on him . We 've used this collar on our other large dogs -LRB- Chesapeake Bay Retrievers -RRB- & found it worked amazingly well .
 My dog is a puller and I being a petite woman with a bad back found it difficult walking my spunky 65 lb lab . Prior to purchasing the Holt , I had been using the Gentle Leader from Premier and truly liked it . Both collars are similarly designed . The only dislike I had with the Gentle Leader was with the nose loop . It did n't have the supportive cushion my dog required leaving her skin very raw.The Holt collar is designed with a cushioned nose-band which adds extra protection.What I did appropriate with the Premier Gentle Leader was the informative DVD they provided that instructed how to properly fit the collar to the dog and how to properly use it.Transitioning between the two leaders was minimal to nothing . I would recommend either one of these products , they are a life saver !!!
 really work as they said it would instant control . nice walking a dog that does n't pull you off your feet the moment you go out the door . longer walks more at ease
 I am very very pleased at this product . I almost thought I was walking another dog !!! She fussed for a little bit about having it around her face , I am sure that I could have acclimated her slower , but she quickly learned not to pull . It is a joy now to take my dog for a walk . My shoulder is very thankful for the Holt Dog Walking Collar : -RRB-
 This dog walking collar really made a difference . My dog was pulling alot and I was n't enjoying the walk . I could n't wait to get home from the walk . Now , we go sometimes twice the distance we used to as she is not pulling . There is a side piece that hangs down that sometimes my dog can put her paw through and get the collar off . But I have started wrapping that piece around her neck collar so that does n't distract her . I would definitely recommend this collar if you have a dog that pulls during their walk .
 This product is really nice and it seemed to help out my 15 lbs chorkie , but she quickly learned how to get it off by putting her paw on the part that attaches to the collar . I think it would be fine if her muzzle was a bit longer - her is maybe 1-2 inches long so it came off quite a bit . Otherwise , it really helped with pulling and while it was on her face it made walking enjoyable . : -RRB-
 What a great invention ! Not only it fits on my doberman/german shepherd mix dog , it also works ! My dog tends to pull during the walk , especially when she sees another dog . This training collar distracts her from pulling because it is positioned under her mouth . She did not like it initially and tried to take it off , but then she concentrated on the walk itself.Another nice feature of this collar is that it is adjustable in the front under her nose , so if it is hot outside and the dog has to pant she can open her mouth.The collar is supposed to attach to a regular collar that the dog wears all the time , although I used it as a single collar on my dog .
 It takes a while to get the piece on , as my puppy is fast and she uses her paws to get it off before I can get it buckled , but one on , as long as I keep tension , it will stay put . If we are stopped and she has some lag in the leash , she can use her paw to pull it off , thank goodness for the collar clip , which makes it a snap to just push it back on over her nose . She now walks next to me instead of pulling me along and walking is much more enjoyable .
 I have a 60 lb Queensland healer pit-bull mix he is pretty aggressive and a huge puller , taking him on walks was almost dangerous because I could n't control him before . Today we went for a walk not just around the block but to one of the busiest streets in our neighborhood , he was a dream to walk , the product does work better if you hook it to the collar and then to the leash . He did n't like it at first and he does n't like putting it on but it is easy to put on and it does n't cut into his nose or go up into his eye . I got a size 2 because I heard that the sizing runs large and it does fit him very well . I am so happy to be able to take him on walks again I was feeling bad for him not being able to take him anywhere . Thanks again for making this possible for us again .
 Works great to keep my 105 # German Shepherd dog from pulling on the walk . The pad to cushion the nose is a welcome addition .
 I tried Gentle Leader first . It did n't stay on my St. Bernard very well . I found Halti 2nd and I will never use the GL again . My Newfoundland would not think twice about pulling on me when we walk . It is awesome ! The short snout of my St. Bernard makes it harder to use on him - but it 's still wonderful . My dogs no longer walk me .
 I have an Airedale , Golden mix about 84 lbs and a Labradoodle , also about 84 lbs . They both use the size 3 versions of this halter . One uses the older Halti and one uses this new Holt that includes the clamp underneath the muzzle so you can adjust the opening size . It can be adjusted small enough so that your pet ca n't chew it up like they can with the old Halti . That 's what happened when the Airedale got a hold of the bottom strap while wearing it.The kids love it since they do n't go for a drag if the dogs decide to chase the abundant rabbits and squirrels running around the neighborhood . Definitely recommended by this pet owner . .
 My 50lb Bull Terrier would pull every time I 'd walk him with a choke collar so I switched him to a pinch collar which was a big improvement but he would still lunge forward on our walks . I now have him using the holt collar and it is an amazing improvement . Within 3 days he is now walking right besides me and hardly lunges at all . My dog still tries to take off the collar from his nose but i think with time he will stop struggling , just make sure to give him/her treats when they are walking properly and they will be more accepting of the collar . The only negative thing i can say is that walking with my bull terrier is a bit awkward with this collar because the area that attaches to the leash hangs low and almost touches the floor .
 I wo n't rant and rave about the benefits and drawbacks of using a headcollar - each dog is different and responds differently to various training tools , and I 'm assuming that you 've found this product based off your own research and recommendations from trainers and friends.The hard part is deciding which headcollar type to use . In the past decade , I 've used several different headcollars , including the Halti , the Gentle Leader , the Petmate AKC Headcollar , and the Holt . In my opinion , the Holt is the sturdiest , most comfortable , and most flexible headcollar of the whole bunch , and is a worthy successor to my previous favorite , the Halti.The Company Of Animals Halti Head Halter Black Size Halti Head Halter Black Sz 0 Training & Behavioral AidsThe Halti was , previously , the best halter for a very simple reason
 I wo n't rant and rave about the benefits and drawbacks of using a headcollar - each dog is different and responds differently to various training tools , and I 'm assuming that you 've found this product based off your own research and recommendations from trainers and friends.The hard part is deciding which headcollar type to use . In the past decade , I 've used several different headcollars , including the Halti , the Gentle Leader , the Petmate AKC Headcollar , and the Holt . In my opinion , the Holt is the sturdiest , most comfortable , and most flexible headcollar of the whole bunch , and is a worthy successor to my previous favorite , the Halti.The Company Of Animals Halti Head Halter Black Size Halti Head Halter Black Sz 0 Training & Behavioral AidsThe Halti was , previously , the best halter for a very simple reason
 I wo n't rant and rave about the benefits and drawbacks of using a headcollar - each dog is different and responds differently to various training tools , and I 'm assuming that you 've found this product based off your own research and recommendations from trainers and friends.The hard part is deciding which headcollar type to use . In the past decade , I 've used several different headcollars , including the Halti , the Gentle Leader , the Petmate AKC Headcollar , and the Holt . In my opinion , the Holt is the sturdiest , most comfortable , and most flexible headcollar of the whole bunch , and is a worthy successor to my previous favorite , the Halti.The Company Of Animals Halti Head Halter Black Size Halti Head Halter Black Sz 0 Training & Behavioral AidsThe Halti was , previously , the best halter for a very simple reason
 I first tried the gentle leader & not only was it a pain to put on , my dog chomped in to pieces -LRB- while in the care of my husband who probably was n't paying attention -RRB- . But this one is sturdy , super easy to put on , and it does n't rub the hair off my dog 's nose -LRB- like the gentle leader did -RRB- . And to top it off , my 7 year old can now walk the dog . I could sit on a plasma car and my dog would pull me up the hill . That 's how strong my dog is with pulling . But he is SO much easier and better behaved with the Holt head collar . Love it !
 At the suggestion of a neighbor , I tried the Halti collar on my excessively aggressive Mini Schauzer . Her self-appointed position in life is as my bodyguard against any human being on earth who does not walk with a dog . She has knocked me down lunging at people and cars ; she has bitten me seriously to ` protect ' me from an oncoming dog . She has been trained for three years with money galore spent on curbing her aggression.Suddenly , with this one Halti collar , she is calm . It took no time whatsoever to get her used to it ; she objects only to the click as I undo it to take it off . I am flabbergasted and thrilled to death.If you 've never tried the Halti , now is the time to do so ! It works!Holt Training Head Collar Size 0 Black
 I wo n't rant and rave about the benefits and drawbacks of using a headcollar - each dog is different and responds differently to various training tools , and I 'm assuming that you 've found this product based off your own research and recommendations from trainers and friends.The hard part is deciding which headcollar type to use . In the past decade , I 've used several different headcollars , including the Halti , the Gentle Leader , the Petmate AKC Headcollar , and the Holt . In my opinion , the Holt is the sturdiest , most comfortable , and most flexible headcollar of the whole bunch , and is a worthy successor to my previous favorite , the Halti.The Company Of Animals Halti Head Halter Black Size Halti Head Halter Black Sz 0 Training & Behavioral AidsThe Halti was , previously , the best halter for a very simple reason
 This Halti collar worked well at controlling my Great Dane . He learned not to pull very quickly .
 This product is great . My dog now walks next to me ... very happy
 It is the most amazing collar ! We have an otter hound , who , on occasion , has been known to pull me around Petsmart ! With the Halti collar , he walks with me like a model dog !
 I 'm not easily impressed , especially with dog training gadgets , but this definitely impressed me . We recently rescued a 2 year old pit bull , weighing a skinny 65 pounds . He loves to run after anything that moves -LRB- dogs , cats , chickens , deer , etc -RRB- , and will nearly pull me across the field when he gets a bead on something . Once he gains some more weight , I will not be able to hold him back if he decides to go after something . I bought the Halti -LRB- size 3 -RRB- to try . WOW !!! Fortunately , he did n't fuss too much about it being on his muzzle - he pawed at it a little , but I distracted him with a treat . Took him for a walk and he immediately learned that if he pulls , it tightens around his snout and it pulls his head towards me , whereas if he walks without pulling , it 's very comfortable . He walked so good the first time , that I took him near the chicken pen just to test it out . As soon as he lunged , the Halti did what it 's designed to do . He immediately quit lunging and walked obediently . I 'm still amazed at how easily and quickly this worked.I was so impressed that I went to buy one for my other dog -LRB- a pit bull mix , about 55 pounds , loves to pull while walking -RRB- . They were out of the size that I needed , so I bought the more expensive Gentle Leader instead . She did not like it at all . Where the Halti is not snug on the muzzle unless the dog pulls , the GL has to be somewhat snug - just due to its design . I did not like how the GL seemed to pass right under her eye sockets . I will be taking it back and getting the Halti.The other feature that I liked about the Halti is that it has a semi-muzzle function to it . As the dog lunges forward , the band around the snout tightens - making it difficult for the dog to open its mouth . The GL does n't do this at all . The Halti is designed more like a horse halter and fits the larger , longer snouts of dogs exceptionally well . It does not cut up under the eye like the GL . -LRB- I can see where the GL might work better on squishy-faced dogs . -RRB-
 We have purchased a great many collars , but even the gentle leader , which is a similar product , could not keep our big dogs at heel , but this did . The other reviewers are correct , dogs may chew through it . But that is true of most soft collars , and this is a much better choice than metal chokers . Simply keep an eye on your dog and you should be okay , because when the halti is taught , on walks , it 's unbeatable . I rarely write reviews , but it 's such a pleasure strolling with it , we thought it was helpful that we share .
 I wo n't rant and rave about the benefits and drawbacks of using a headcollar - each dog is different and responds differently to various training tools , and I 'm assuming that you 've found this product based off your own research and recommendations from trainers and friends.The hard part is deciding which headcollar type to use . In the past decade , I 've used several different headcollars , including the Halti , the Gentle Leader , the Petmate AKC Headcollar , and the Holt . In my opinion , the Holt is the sturdiest , most comfortable , and most flexible headcollar of the whole bunch , and is a worthy successor to my previous favorite , the Halti.The Company Of Animals Halti Head Halter Black Size Halti Head Halter Black Sz 0 Training & Behavioral AidsThe Halti was , previously , the best halter for a very simple reason
 We have used the Holt Dog Walking Dog Collar on several dogs who have `` pulling '' problems when walking and have found it to be very effective . The Holt Collar should only be used when walking and training your dog . It it not meant to be escape proof and should only be used when you are with your dog -LRB- i.e. do not tie the dog to a pole and walk away -RRB- . The collar has a safety strap that is to be attached to your dog 's regular collar to prevent your dog from getting loose if they pull the Holt off their head . It is important to read the manual that comes with the Holt Collar and to fit the collar to the animal correctly . You can view the manual at the manufactures web site . -LSB- Amazon wo n't allow the link to the web site , just do a search for Coastal Pet Products -RSB- Several dogs I have used this on did not like it at first -LRB- ok they loathed it entirely -RRB- but you just need to work with them in steps and they will get used to it.Holt Size Breed Examples0 Miniature Dachshund , Papillon , Toy Poodle , Yorkie1 Border Terrier , Cairn Terrier , Jack Russell , Standard Dachshund2 Beagle , Border Collie , Cockers , Saluki , Schnauzer , Standard Poodle3 Afghan , Boxer , Chow Chow , Dalmatian , Doberman , Greyhound , Husky4 Mastiff , Clumber Spaniel , Great Dane , Newfoundland , Rottweiler5 Bloodhound , Large Danes , Mastiffs , St. Bernard -LRB- more breed examples listed in owner 's manual found at manufacture 's web site -RRB- Unfortanately Holt uses breeds instead of actual dimensions for sizing . Keep in mind that dogs of the same breed can very in size , if your dog is smaller or larger then average you might have to adjust the size up or down accordingly .
 I bought Halti 's -LRB- size 1 -RRB- today for both my miniature schnauzer and my welsh corgi/poodle mix . They are both pullers when we walk , especially at the beginning of walks and if they get close to dogs or other people as they are super friendly and want to meet everyone they meet.The Halti 's were easy to put on , I tried them on in the store , and easier to figure out than the Gentle Leader head harness , which I also attempted to try on the dogs . They were n't too expensive -LRB- $ 18 each -RRB- , but they appeared to only come in one color , black , which is n't too bad.I was surprised at how well the dogs took to having them put on while I was in the store . It was slightly different in the car . They were easy enough to put on , but my schnauzer , especially , started trying to pull it off almost immediately . I was able to get him to stop through verbal commands.I left the Halti on in the car so that when I got home I could try it out with a leash . They both hated it ! I was expecting this honestly , so it was only a minor frustration . They kept putting their paws through the loop created between their collars and the Halti 's emergency clip -LRB- in case the Halti slips off it is still attached to their collar -RRB- . They managed to pull themselves out of the loop around their muzzles , but they collar part managed to still hold them.I walked them around individually a few times in the house after placing the loops back over their muzzles . They obviously did n't like being led around by their head , but I do n't like being pulled around on a walk either . :-RRB- They were responding quickly though and there was very little pulling when they walked with me.I took them on a long walk shortly there after and it worked like a charm . It felt like power steering for my dogs , there was zero pulling by either dog and only occasionally would the schnauzer paw at his muzzle , but even then it was n't much.I do have to mention that I unlooped the emergency strap from the halti and attached it in such a way that they could n't get their paws into it , this stopped them from being able to pull the muzzle loop off and kept them from getting a paw stuck too.Overall I think this is a fantastic product , it worked exactly like it was supposed to . It would be nice if the dogs liked it too , but they did n't seem too upset once we were out walking and since they only need to wear it on walks that works for me.I would recommend this to anyone with any size dog that pulls when walking or jogging as it really does work . I have tried every other kind of harness and collar -LRB- except the anti-pull around the chest type harness -RRB- and none of them worked for me at all as my dogs would rather choke themselves to death than not pull . I am sure they will get used to it over time and learn to get excited when I pull their Halti on as it means it 's time for a walk .
 At the urging of my vet and several friends I bought the gentle leader -LRB- medium -RRB- for my 65 lb , 8 month old Collie . He accepted the nose band very quickly but adjusting it so that it was n't too restrictive around his nose allowed it slide up into his eyes . He responded very well to the headcollar and stopped pulling immediately but it just did n't fit well over his large wedge-shaped nose , which is why I rated it a 3 . I bought a Halti -LRB- size 2 -RRB- one week later and it fit his head much better . Both head collars worked really well to stop the pulling but the Halti had a better fit for a Collie-shaped face . I will save the gentle leader to use with the Lab puppy I am getting in a few weeks .
 i own a pit bull that becomes uncontrollable around other dogs and this halter fit her perfectly and she no longer lunges at other dogs -LRB- shes too busy trying to take it off -RRB- . however it does look like a muzzle .
 holy cow . This has got to be one of the best investments that I have made for my dog , Henry -25 lb Welsh Terrier . I got a Halti-brand Head Collar and it 's sort of menacing looking at first , but it 's the most passive/benign lead system I have ever seen . It 's much more comfortable for him than the neck collar and his walking posture is superior ... loose-leash all the time . I was able to use it effectively right out of the box . Easy to put-on
 This is the BEST product I have found to keep my dogs from pulling while on walks . They both wear one , and I am no longer jerked ahead when they see something they want to run after !!! It took a little time to get them used to it , but I just had little pieces of treats that I would give to my girls when they would try to paw it off . We have been using it almost daily for a month now , and my dogs walk just fine with them on ! Great investment if you have dogs that like to walk you !!
 For many years my dog , who spent her first five years going to work with my husband , would drag me around everytime I put her on a leash . She tore her ACL last winter and keeping her moving slowly while it healed was critical . The vet clinic recommended this product . I put it on Cocoa , a boxer , and she was like a totally different dog . Highly recommended if your dog drags you , this is the cure .
 Good collar that works with my stubborn dog who does not like to walk . Thanks for collar and fast shipping .
 I used this on my big male greyhound and it changed our walks from a challenge to a pleasure . If you get the dog walking right away after putting on the Halti , and have a treat in your hand for rewards , it is n't long before they begin to associate the Halti with the treat and stop fussing . Of course the Halti is only to be on the dog when you are walking , it 's not like a collar . I have also used the Gentle Leader as a training device and prefer the Halti as I find it is less prone to slipping off the muzzle.The only thing I would have done differently would be to have chosen a more `` friendly '' color for the Halti - in the black one , everyone thought my dog was wearing a muzzle . Other than that , I found the product to be exactly what I needed for my wanna-be alpha dog .
 I have a 100 lb lab - australian shepherd mix . When we are out walking he tends to forget that I exist whenever he sees a new dog , and he is strong enough to pull me over . I have tried several different approaches , including a choke chain , without a lot of success.The halti has worked better than anything else I have tried . He has been able to remove it a couple of times , but since it ended up around his neck , he was not able to get away from me .
 I have a Jack Russell terrier whose favorite thing to do is WALK ... and run . However , it was always a chore because she would pull me along & by the end of the walk my hand would have blisters & be numb . I tried everything including halters that pulled , etc. . Nothing worked . I got a Halti size 1 & it was a little bit big -LRB- about an inch or so -RRB- , so I just snugged it up & pinned it with the sewing machine . So now it fits her perfectly . Her walks were much improved , but it did not completely eliminate the pulling -- but it did make the pulling tolerable.I got an empty plastic spice jar & filled it 1/4 full with coins . I bring it on our walks . When she begins to pull , I shake it once . She will stop . Then she 'll pull again & I will shake . After about 3 or 4 times , she will completely heel on the walks ! It is amazing ! So between the shake jar & the Halti , I can happily take my Jack Russell on a casual walk.Kira
 I purchase this head collar on advice from a friend . I have been using it for my great dane mix who is a puller . She did n't like the collar at first , but I am sticking with it and she is adjusting . It is well made and working out great . It also comes with some training tips that are helpful . I would definitely recommend this collar .
 This walking collar has the greatest design . I do not have to have great upper body strength to control my excited boxer . She walks next to me like she is supposed to . No more pulling me down the street . Bravo
 My lab walks so much better , so easy to control with the Holt . I am now buying a size bigger as she out grew the original one .
 This is very well made . The actual halter , not just a figure 8 , has that extra latch to attach to the collar so as to not find yourself just holding an empty leash is wonderful .
 Halti has always been a great product for dogs that tend to pull . My dog does n't really like it , but deals with it and the pulling is not an issue .
 I wo n't rant and rave about the benefits and drawbacks of using a headcollar - each dog is different and responds differently to various training tools , and I 'm assuming that you 've found this product based off your own research and recommendations from trainers and friends.The hard part is deciding which headcollar type to use . In the past decade , I 've used several different headcollars , including the Halti , the Gentle Leader , the Petmate AKC Headcollar , and the Holt . In my opinion , the Holt is the sturdiest , most comfortable , and most flexible headcollar of the whole bunch , and is a worthy successor to my previous favorite , the Halti.The Company Of Animals Halti Head Halter Black Size Halti Head Halter Black Sz 0 Training & Behavioral AidsThe Halti was , previously , the best halter for a very simple reason
 I wo n't rant and rave about the benefits and drawbacks of using a headcollar - each dog is different and responds differently to various training tools , and I 'm assuming that you 've found this product based off your own research and recommendations from trainers and friends.The hard part is deciding which headcollar type to use . In the past decade , I 've used several different headcollars , including the Halti , the Gentle Leader , the Petmate AKC Headcollar , and the Holt . In my opinion , the Holt is the sturdiest , most comfortable , and most flexible headcollar of the whole bunch , and is a worthy successor to my previous favorite , the Halti.The Company Of Animals Halti Head Halter Black Size Halti Head Halter Black Sz 0 Training & Behavioral AidsThe Halti was , previously , the best halter for a very simple reason
 See customer photos for a side-by-side comparison of the old-style Halti and the new-style Holt.I wo n't rant and rave about the benefits and drawbacks of using a headcollar - each dog is different and responds differently to various training tools , and I 'm assuming that you 've found this product based off your own research and recommendations from trainers and friends.The hard part is deciding which headcollar type to use . In the past decade , I 've used several different headcollars , including the Halti , the Gentle Leader , the Petmate AKC Headcollar , and the Holt . In my opinion , the Holt is the sturdiest , most comfortable , and most flexible headcollar of the whole bunch , and is a worthy successor to my previous favorite , the Halti.The Company Of Animals Halti Head Halter Black Size Halti Head Halter Black Sz 0 Training & Behavioral AidsThe Halti was , previously , the best halter for a very simple reason
 I have a 13 year old German Shepherd mix with severe arthritis . A few months ago , I thought it was the end when he slipped and looked like his hip was displaced . I was very upset , barely able to contain myself on the way to the emergency vet , thinking this would be my last night with `` grandpa '' -LRB- what the little girls on my street call him -RRB- . But , when we arrived his hip was back in alignment and they found no broken bones and said it was just the arthritis . They recommended a product like this so I bought it at the local pet store . I ca n't tell you how much improvement I see when I put this in his food . He was in a lot of pain for about a week but began walking normal and not showing any pain after two weeks . When I ran out of the first bottle , I did n't immediately replace it and about two weeks later he was back to barely lifting his back legs when he walked and looking at me for help when he needed to walk up the four steps to the back door . I started back on this product and have n't stopped and this old guy acts like he 's a puppy , playing with other dogs in the back , trotting up the steps . He even went back to jumping on the couch when I have it covered and lounging about . I know for sure I 'm gon na look for something like this for my aching joints if it works this well for my old guy.The added plus with buying it here on Amazon.com is that it 's half the price local stores charge . Some of the other similar products are way less expensive here than in the store . Thank you Amazon !!!
 this product works very well been useing for about five years and my little pom is walking very well from taking this will continueing useing it thanks
 I have a 10 lb . Cairnoodle who was born with hip displasia and a luxating patella -LRB- hip crackles and slides out of joint sometime and his knee cap slides around -RRB- . He is very playful and would be limping by noon . I tried other glucosamine products that were n't as good and he would n't take them . This product has everything in it and really works , he does n't limp as long as I give it to him every day . Also it is easy to give , I just use a syringe and put it in his mouth .
 This product is palatable and seems to work well with my Bichon , who injured her knee in a tussle with my younger Bichon . The joint works well and she seems to not have anymore pain . I recommend this product .
 Used it to seal an aquarium . At 6 months everything is fine . The one downside is that it 's * extremely * hard to start the flow . Starting this thing takes a strong guy or something better than a hand-powered caulk gun .
 I purchased this product for the `` off label '' use of creating silk flower aquarium decor . It was great & perfectly safe for my fish . I followed the product recommendations and applied it to a base of aquarium stones to imbed more natural looking flora to my setup . Terrific product . Useful and safe .
 The Sealant worked just fine . It sealed the 150 Gallon Fish Tank with no problems . I sealed my fish tank with no problem .
 , I bought the large 10 oz tube to fill in some hollow decorations so I would n't need to worry about cleaning the interior surfaces . It has worked great for this purpose . It does have a strong vinegar smell to it , and the big tube requires a caulk gun to dispense it . Wear latex gloves when using to prevent getting any on your skin , but if you do I found that Clorox wipes remove it easily off of skin and surfaces . Water does n't really cut it .
 Perfect replacement to my wet/dry filter . I needed to replace it because the old one was dirty and driving my nitrates up too high . I could not find it for a better price than on amazon !!
 I 've had a backyard fishpond for three years , purchased as a kit with preformed pond and pump with filter . I had never been able to find any replacements to fit until I discovered this sponge . Very easy to rinse clean for reuse . Thanks .
 This product was exactly as billed , and I would definitely do business with this store again .
 I bought three of these to have as spare replacements for my sump I bought here on Amazon . I 'll usually clean them under running water a couple times before replacing them , but eventually they get so clogged with algae that its easier to replace than pulling out the slime .
 durable , easy to tell when its dirty due to its bright color , good waterflow , A must for wet dry system with an overflow box
 I bought a used fish tank from someone and it already came with ProClear Aquatics Wet dry filter . I 'm so glad to find the replacement filter and media on Amazon . The water clear up overnight after I put these filter media in . Will surely buy again for future replacements .
 This works great for the over-flow tubes to my wet/dry filter
 We have two Ridgebacks and have tried just about every bed on the market . They all end up in the garbage due to terminal smelliness , broken zippers , unwashable inner materials , faded dirty appearance , etc. . These beds are , unless your dog is a big time chewer -LRB- which no bed will endure -RRB- , indestructible , actually washable , look great wash after wash , return to their original fluffiness and appearance after washing , do not shrink , fade or wear out and are simple to assemble and disassemble . They are constructed out of four parts
 This dog bed is one of the first to stand up to the abuse of my 85 lb . dog and his scratching , pawing and pulling . Also the cedar chips a huge plus - the dog smells better . I am very happy with this bed .
 This bed is great , but since my dog is a puppy and has decided to destroy everything in sight - I had to take it from him to salvage what I could in hopes he will settle down with age . He has already destroyed my soaker hose around the foundation of my house , most of my plants , my sprinklers , a lot of the siding on my house ... and more -LRB- the swings never had a chance -RRB- . I think this thing is great and looks like it will work well , but I will have to wait to hopefully get its full use . One of th great things about it is that it has the cedar in it to prevent bugs and stuff from getting on him . I just have to hope this destruction phase will end soon . Enjoy ...
 I like the birdbath but it 's smaller than I thought but I think I did n't read the dimensions very well . It looks lovely in my garden , thank-you
 Good bed . Definitely big enough for a good size dog . I have a collie . Zipper with removable cedar bags make it good for easy cleaning . Cedar helps with keeping away fleas and reducing dog smell . Very soft and my dog loves it .
 I use many of the kent brand products and have no complaints with them . I know others say go with this brand of that brand . . but this stuff works fine and it 's half the price of the `` high end '' brand names . reading advise on forums is good and bad sometimes . . I think it makes us at times spend more money then we need to for brand names .
 This is not the correct size for the proclear 300 it needs to be cut down to fit . which isnt a problem but it should be mentioned because the part that gets cut down is wasted .
 Perfect for my proclear Aquatics 300 filter . No trimming needed . Perfect replacement pad for the 300 series . Great price as well .
 I put this sh ** on everything . Potatoes , corn , baked fish , you name it!Also seems to kill bryopsis and raise mag levels in my aquariums . truly a multi-purpose product !
 I have a new miniature dachshund puppy who is 7 weeks old . Before I brought her home I went to the local Petco the pick up some puppy pads , which are a foreign idea to me , having housetrained previous dogs on newspapers when I was growing up . However , I thought I would give them a shot . Of course there were about 5 or 6 brands to choose from , but I liked the idea that in theory these are extra special because of the `` just-cut grass '' smell they add . Well , I brought them home with low expectations , and I am not saying that she does n't still have accidents , but I am amazed at how well she is responding to them ! Maybe 75 % of the time she seeks out the puppy pad on her own accord and uses it . I am about to run out ; so I might buy regular pads and see if there is a difference . Overall , I would say they are worth a try , especially since they are only slightly more expensive . Good luck !
 I am training my second puppy , a Bouvier female . Too smart , and too stubborn - this breed , but the greatest dogs besides a German Shepherd . I went through $ $ $ $ with my last dog , she did not do well with the other pads , and I tried them all . They leaked , they were messy , you 'd pick them up to toss out and wetness would drip on the floors , ewww . This is the first time I have tried this brand , it is expensive , but they all are . For a few dollars more you get NO SMELL , NO LEAKS , and a puppy that will go outside faster -LRB- within minutes -RRB- and not wait to go inside to pee or poop on the pads as the others seem to train them to do . By far the best for your money , sanity , and fast housebreaking .
 This trainning pad is the most absorbant I 've ever seen . It also attracts your pooch and can be soiled via urine a couple of times before being discarded . You never seem to smell urine and never have to worry about leakage however it is very costly . I have found pads that are much cheaper with slightly less of a quality . After paying high prices for this brand for over a year my eyes are begining to rove to the lesser costly brand .
 I HAVE A 2LB YORKIE WHO IS TOTALLY PIDDLE PAD TRAINED . SHE HAS NO PROBLEM FINDING THESE PADS WHEN SHE NEEDS TO . THEY MAKE CLEANING UP A BREEZE . I RECOMEND THESE TO EVERYONE WHO EITHER HAS TO LEAVE THEIR DOGS UNATTENDED THROUGHOUT THE DAY OR FOR NIGHT USE SO YOU WONT HAVE TO GET UP IN THE MIDDLE OF THE NIGHT ! WE USE THEM ALL THE TIME ! I EVEN CARRY A COUPLE WITH ME WHEN WE GO VISITING .
 Awesome pee pads . The only ones I 've tried , but no leaks at all -LRB- I had heard over and over how pee pads commonly leak -RRB- and my dog took to them right away , always sniffed them out no matter where I placed them . Great odor control too . Unfortunately my dog discovered how much fun he has shredding them , so I had to switch to dog litter , but I would absolutely recommend this product , as well as this store -LRB- the cheapest I found on the internet for these ! -RRB- I will definitely be checking out this store for any of my other pet needs .
 I have tried many different puppy pads on the market , but this was the first one that I actually saw a difference with my dogs . The scent is very slight , but enough for them to go to it . I also have a new puppy and this was the first one that he actually used . They may be more expensive , but they are definately worth it .
 What can I say My cat loves them so I assume they are pretty tasty.I ca n't say for sure because I have really not tried them myself : -RRB-
 This is the only food my 20 year old parrot will eat and it 's getting harder and harder to find in my area . So glad to find it at Amazon . We 're back in business !
 My miniature schnauzer -LRB- 11.75 years old -RRB- has congestive heart failure , and wo n't eat any of the prescription dog foods . So , she gets unsalted people food -LRB- ground meats , rice , oatmeal , and various baby food fruits and veggies -RRB- . I wanted to be sure she got enough of the vitamins and minerals that I ca n't really figure out , so got these . She wo n't eat them -LRB- but she wo n't eat anything ` dog ' except Charlee Bear treats -RRB- , but when I crush them and put them in applesauce , she does n't spit them out . That 's a win around here these days ... : /
 Seems like a good quality vitamin , but my dog did n't like them too much . He ate them , but not enthusiastically .
 Definite improvement over previous vitamin . Dogs seem to think they are okay . Wish they would make a single pill for large dogs .
 Our Himalayn is a picky eater and would not eat her food right away . Her food did not smell good in the house and we were concern about her diet and getting plenty of vitamins . We tried Superjuice and our cat is eating better ! We love the product because it is all Natural and it reduces litter box smell !
 When I saw it in the shop and they recommended it I was hesitant . It looked alot like fruit loops , but I figured what the heck . Turns out my grey loves it !
 The Alpine Scratcher is the best cat scratch item I 've found . The cats adore it and go straight to it for a scratch when they feel the need . They 've never been that attracted to other types of scratchers , like sisal . The Cosmic catnip that comes with it is super-potent and the cats sure do seem to enjoy it . All in all , a great product.Make sure to buy the alpine scratcher base before buying this product , as this seems to be the refill .
 Our 2 cats are stuck inside until the snow melts . These scratchers are great for saving the rugs and furniture !
 My kitty kat absolutely ADORES this scratcher . He lies on it when he 's not scratching it . And most importantly , he does n't scratch on the walls or the furniture!To get him interested in it , I had to sprinkle some catnip on it first -LRB- crush it in your hands to release the smell -RRB- , but once it was on there , the little drug addict started going after it like you would n't believe ! He still sniffs catnip in there from weeks ago , and will try to get those last little bits . It 's awesome : -RRB- The fact that the insert is reversible is n't that helpful , since when he digs 3/4 of the way through , turning it over just lets him access the remaining 1/4 . And there are cardboard shavings all over the place , much to my wife 's chagrin.The fact that the replacement inserts are cheaper than the insert in the box is definitely nice .
 This is a great product for the price . My cats loved it , but the catnip supply was limited . I would recommend a larger supply of catnip .
 This is the only scratcher my cat will use . If we do n't have a couple around the house , he 'll go for the couch . And it lasts a very long time - over a year -LRB- we have 2 at a time ... -RRB- and the cat uses it a lot . Highly recommend .
 This is the only brand of Lory food our flock will accept . Its fruity smell and apparent good taste are the first thing our lories want in the morning and they get very excited waiting for their individual bowls to be passed out .
 My two cats are absolutely obsessed with this thing . They will both play with it together , one will be on top scratching and the other will stick her paws in the hole . My female cat likes to push it while walking - we call it her old lady walker . Add catnip and it takes it to a whole other level . The only downside is it is not very durable . Ours fell apart after a few months of intense play , but we will get another since they love it so much . Saves my table legs also .
 I 've been using these since their invention . We have five cats -LRB- 3 with claws & 2 without -RRB- . ALL of them love these . The two without claws go through the motions and &#34; pull their pads &#34; . I have one who sleeps on hers exclusively . I tried the standard width , but prefer the double width and recommend the double if your cats are over 8 lbs .
 The product came swiftly and was nicely packaged . The cats love the scratching pad and the dried grass that came along with it . Although this product meets my expectations , I was able to find another website that offered this product at lower price .
 Both my cats love to dig their claws into these cardboard scratchers . They 're indoor/outdoor cats , and when they 're in the mood to sharpen their claws , they tend to use whatever piece of furniture happens to be closest . I 've never been able to break them of this habit , so these things are a godsend . As long as I keep several lying around , they 'll use them instead of table legs and upholstered chairs .
 Cats like it and the size is good . Rather complicated opening it up . Has cut areas in parts that are to be removed but not cut deep enough , results in a lot of work to get it open . If not open properly the entire casing is ruined . Have bought these things for years so know how it 's supposed to work and just accept the fact that it 's an overpriced necessity for the cat .
 My cat loves this scratcher because it is comfortably wide for scratching on it and it provides good space for napping on it . I love this scratcher because it is durable . : - -RRB-
 Since I am owned by nine cats and am grandmama to three more , I have bought numerous cardboard scratchers . Cosmic Pet Double Wide Scratcher is by far the best . The cardboard frame and scratcher are both durable , lasting many months . When one side is shredded , the scratcher can be turned over so the other side can be used . Packets of Cosmic Pet catnip are included for sprinkling over the scratcher . I think Cosmic Catnip is as good as my homegrown ... much fresher looking and less junk-filled than many other catnip products . My cats certainly look forward to it . The double wide size is most suited for my fat cats .
 We ca n't say enough about this cat scratcher . No other cardboard scratchers can come close to this brand . Plus , the extra wide version is wonderful for my big Ally/Tom cats . They are all around 12 pounds . We have three cats and two scratchers last quite a long time since you can flip them . They love to lay on them and even bite them . Wonderful , wonderful , wonderful product !
 It is exactly as advertised . My cat loves it and uses both ends of it . My cat is a big cat i.e. 20 lbs . and the width of it is perfect for her . If you add a little catnip to it now and then , it 's even better .
 I have a rather fat cat and she loves the double wide scracher ! She fits better.She even naps in it . Worth every penney .
 Like the width of this scratcher . This is a good scratcher product and has held up better than the thinner version .
 Our cat LOVES this scratch pad . . We started buying them from Ocean State Job Lots -LRB- a discount store chain -RRB- . They stopped carrying it and started carrying a curved version that was double the price . I am so glad to have found these replacements .
 WOW ... I ca n't believe how much my cats love this cardboard scratcher . I have one kitty that sleeps on it all the time . I send them to Finland and my son 's cat sharpens it 's claws and sleeps on it and thats without the catnip . The kitty shreds it until theres a hole in the middle -LRB- takes about 3 months -RRB- and then hides in the hole ! -LRB- At least he thinks he 's hiding -RRB- His cat uses the refills flat on the floor .
 This is my 2d time I bought this replacement for my cat ... She likes it so muuuuuch ... . when I put catnip ... it 's awesome how she has a delight by enjoying to claw this kind of simple but effective thing .
 My cats love this cardboard scratcher . I do n't even bother to sprinkle the catnip on it and they still use it all the time .
 What else can I say ? All of my three cats use it all the time . The only drawback is that it leaves a continuum of paper debris . However , they wo n't use any other type so it works for us ! Meowy thanks .
 The alpine scratcher is a real furniture saver . All of my cats use it constantly . It 's great that refills are available . I stock up on them - my furniture thanks me !
 I have purchased 6 of these during the past 10 years . We wore out the first 2 and are now on the second pair . I also purchased 2 for friends . Cats need to claw , so give them something they like . If they look cross eyed at the furniture , I park the scratcher loaded with cat nip right in front of the furniture they were considering doing damage to . Even our rescued de-clawed cat exercises her scratching motions on the Cosmic Catnip Alpine Scratcher.Be careful purchasing one on line . The Cosmic Catnip Alpine Scratcher normally comes with an extra scratching surface block . When I ordered from Amazon , I thought I was getting the entire package with the ski slope stand . Instead , I only got the filler blocks . The price was too high for just fillers . I reordered from Petco and got what I wanted .
 I purchased this Cosmic Pet Alpine scratcher replacement kit and it fits perfect in my Whisker City Play cavern cat scratcher box . I just took the refill , pulled the two halves apart and have 2 refills for the Whisker City scratcher .
 My cat never took to the traditionaol scratching post . We have used these for years now and I highly recommend it . Initially the catnip drew her to it -- now she just loves when her old board gets replaced with a new one .
 Keeps them away from the furniture and wood moldings . Catnip is caught in the corrugations and does n't get all over the floor
 My cat loves this . He enjoys it and does n't mess up my furniture . It was delivered on time , and I was ssatisfied with my product .
 My cat has loved these boards for 3 years since she was a kitten , especially with the catnip sprinkled on ! Strangely enough , she never did want to use a regular scratching post .
 FOUND THIS CAT SCRATCH PAD ON AMAZON , IT WAS A GREAT BUY COMPARED TO PETSMART . MY 3 CATS LIKE AND USE IT OFTEN .
 My cats love this ! There seems to always be one of them on it scratching away on the Alpine scratcher and not the furniture . Great product .
 This was a very good product at a reasonable price . The vendor shipped in a very timely manner . Very satisfied .
 Our cat acts more like a dog every day . Whenever the dog gets a treat , our cat also begs for a treat . The combination of catnip and seafood is perfect .
 My cat loves them and they smell tasty ... what more is there to be said ? : - -RRB-
 I do n't know about the effect of the catnip in the treat since my cat does n't show any signs of a catnip high after eating it , but he absolutely loovess it !
 Product shipped on time and was what I expected . This product is hard to find in stores , so I appreciate being able to find it online .
 I was very pleased with the price vs. quantity of this food , and that it was available for Prime free shipping . This is the only food my OCD cockatoo will eat , so when my local store quit carrying it , I was happy to find it on amazon . The only issue I have with the food is that my bird would prefer all the pieces be green ! Maybe Pretty Bird can fill his request ? Ha ha .
 I have been using this product for many years and have had amazing results . I keep Cyclura iguanas , rare and valuable and want them to have the best possible nutrition . The color and growth rates are outstanding , would highly recommend this product .
 This was such a cute , gangsta hoodie , well made , durable material . It however did n't fit my poodle , I tried shrinking it in hot water and drying in hot heat but it did n't work !!! It did n't even fade the black material . I actually traded it through a local farm & feed store in my community for another dog sweater they had and later the owner said ... `` The Dogg-Father Hoodie you trade with us , was n't hanging up 2 minutes after we displayed it and was sold before you left our parking lot '' !! Pretty cool ha , she had sold it before I had even drove out of their parking lot !! Like I said VERY CUTE and was bummed out cuz it did n't fit my poodle but Large was the only size available and it was selling on AMAZON VERY CHEAP , it was worth a shot !! So the Snoop Dogg Pet Clothing Line fits true to size because Small fits my Miniature Poodle Perfectly ! The Large fit like a beagle size dog . I have had the Grey Snoop Dogg Hoodie for a few years now , my little guy wears it among others all fall & winter and I am always washing it and it has been very durable , and stayed true to size and not faded at all !! That is always a huge factor with store bought pet clothing , their made so cheap , they either shrink , fade or fall apart . I would highly recommend this hoodie for your Gangsta Pooch !! Thanks Snoop Dogg for the AWESOME Pet Clothing Line , PLEASE come up with more , different pet clothes !!
 this is a pretty nice sweatshirt for the money . there 's only 2 problems ... it 's a pretty snug XL , and it does n't come in a larger size that i could find . i have a 50lb pitbull , and we really had to squeeze him into it . once he was in it , he loved it . i looks pretty comfy and he wears it almost every day now that it 's cold . he 'll be grown out of it soon , though . and that just stinks.the second thing is that it says on the packaging that you ca n't wash or dryclean the sweatshirt . honestly , it needed a good washing after just a few days of wear . so i did it anyway . i washed it by itself on a cold gentle cycle and line dried it.it survived .
 This was a very nice surprise . It is very good quality . My little grandpuppy cockerpoo looks adorable in it .
 The Dogg-Father Hoodie is made of quality materials and is very well constructed . Our boxer puppy , Sancho , looked so cute -LRB- and he is from the LBC ... -RRB- ; it would have kept him warm on colder evenings.Unfortunately , we needed an XL and I have n't been able to find that size anywhere.Comparable hoodies in pet stores are not nearly as high quality . If your dog is about 30-40 pounds - and not too chesty , Snoop 's Dogg-Father hoodie is perfect !
 This eight pound bag lasts our cockatoo 2-3 months . Way more economical to buy here on Amazon than in the store . We reseal it for storage , and use it well before it goes stale -LRB- colours and smells still vibrant -RRB- .
 I could n't be happier with this plant . It looks very realistic . I love it ! I was nervous about ordering a plant online because I could n't actually see it , but I was very pleased when it arrived .
 I purchased these for my puppy who was having issues staying at home while I was at work and not tearing up my furniture or freaking out during the day . I ca n't really give the best review for how this works because he is still a puppy and is very excited when I get home still and now stays in my office with the door shut , with no furniture . Training a dog works better than I can imagine this does .
 It does take about three months for this product to work . I have an over stressed , high anxiety/seperation anxiety sheepdog . we are three months into having this plugged into the living room and she has remained more calm since then . I also like to purchase this on amazon because I can get it cheaper here than at the pet store !
 This really seems to work on my ten month old Beagle baby.He has severe separation anxiety while we are at work , and this product calms him . I will continue to use it !! Thanks !!
 Adopted from a shelter , our 2 y.o. whippet mix , Lexington was having pretty disabling anxiety . She was found astray and we do not know much of her history . We figured that she deserved to be spoiled and invested in Comfort Zone pheromones . I am on my third order now . We firmly do believe this works . We have also purchased the thundershirt . The Comfort Zone pheromone diffusers work in our 1000 sq. ft. apartment . We feel that we can tell through Lexington 's actions when the diffuser is almost complete . Her anxiety creeps back toward the surface of her behaviours when the diffuser is empty and I reorder the 48ml refill . We hope that her fear and separation anxiety ends sooner than later for her own benefit , however , we will continue to love and spoil her until and beyond that time .
 I have a dog that at times could not be comforted especially during the night . I took her to the vet and we tried medication . That did not work at all . I felt I had nothing left to lose so I researched this product and thought I would give it a try . She usually sleeps through the night now , and I think it has helped . Give it a try you have nothing to lose and a happy rested dog to gain .
 I have a high strung 12 year old black lab mutt . Ever since he was a puppy he has had issues with anxiety . He would destroy things , mess in the house , and generally go bananas when we left . I tried training , vests , crates , etc. all to no avail.A week after I started using the DAP I noticed a reduction in anxiety , hyperactivity , and distructive behavior . My dog can relax quicker and easier when we come home . He also does n't get as amped up during thunderstorms.I was I had found this years ago .
 We have a beagle with high anxiety . He compulsively licks things , will bark and whine for apparently no reason , and can be destructive . We 've been using these plug-ins for a couple years now and while it does n't eliminate these behaviors , we can tell it makes a big difference . Now , whenever our beagle starts acting extremely high strung , whining for no reason , etc. , we almost always discover that the refill in the plug-in is empty . We try to keep refills on hand so we do n't have to make emergency trips to the pet store for more . These definitely have a calming effect on him and now we ca n't live without them . The only bad thing about it is that these are expensive , and you have to change the refill every month .
 My older dog has anxiety during thunderstorms or when she hears loud noises . She used to chew the door jambs when stressed . However , this product has calmed her so much that she no longer feels the need to chew . Usually , she will just go lie down and wait for noise to pass . I am so happy she is more relaxed ... well worth the money !
 I have two dogs . A Jack Russell which has become very aggressive lately towards my other dog , a Pug.I needed something to calm him down . I tried this and it really works.I could tell because I could see the difference in him when It ran out and I went a week before getting a refill.It might not work for your dog , but it 's worth a try .
 I like the ComfortZone product very much , I think it works better than Adaptil DAP ... one small problem though , I was shipped the Adaptil in error , but since I needed it , I kept it . Amazon made good though when I brought it to their attention by refunding me half the purchase price I paid , so all is good .
 I 've been using this product successfully on one of my dogs that used to suffer from anxiety -LRB- mainly , separation anxiety -RRB- . He is doing 99 % better now . I do n't have to give him meds for it . Of course , this should be used in most of the areas where he stays most of the day . I use them in two separate rooms . It also helps to take him for walks every morning .
 The product worked as well as advertised . I would recommend Comfort Zone to anyone with a dog that is having trouble adapting to a new home .
 LOVE IT !!! My dog has really bad separation anxiety . It was really bad the first few days that she was home . She howled all day . My neighbors told me they got this stuff for their cats , and it did the trick . I rushed to the store that day , and two days later , not even a whimper when I had to go to work . My dog is much more adjusted to me leaving and coming home .
 My dog was a nervous wreck . He would bark at every noise . Even the furnace . Soon after plugging in Comfort Zone with DAP refill he calmed down and barks at just the school bus and loud trucks . Thanks ! He 's a lot happier now .
 We got an Australian Kelpie puppy in December of 2011 . We were told he was crate trained , and he seemed fine in his crate at first . But as the weeks went on , he became more and more anxious when we would leave the house . We could hear his howling down the street . We recorded him using a laptop webcam , and we discovered that when we were away from the house , he would pace , howl , bark , and cry almost the entire time we were gone.We followed every protocol there is for separation anxiety , and nothing we did worked . If we left the house -LRB- no matter how quietly without excitement -RRB- , and we left lots of entertaining things in his crate for him to invest his time in , they would be untouched when we returned.We tried essential oils like chamomile and lavender , and they also had no effect.A trainer recommended DAP , and we have used Feliway successfully , so we decided to try it.Within four hours of us plugging in the DAP diffuser , we had a different puppy . He stopped all his distressing behaviors and enjoyed everything we provided for him in his crate in our absence . Through recordings , we discovered that he slept most of the time , and if he opted not to play with an interactive toy , it was because he was sleeping.We have since discontinued use of the diffuser , and he still happily uses his crate even when we are absent . When we know something stressful is going to occur -LRB- outside construction , fireworks , or change in routine -RRB- , we 'll plug a diffuser back in a day or two prior just to easy any additional stress as a precaution . But four months after starting the diffuser , we no longer need it on a daily basis.It 's important to note that this should be used as a supplement to behavior modification and exercise . The mantra of `` A tired puppy is a happy puppy '' is important to note . Our puppy needed some additional exercise in conjunction with the diffuser , though we found the diffuser alone did help most of his isolation distress . But everything else needs to be addressed -LRB- behavior before leaving the house , exercise , entertaining the dog while you 're not home , etc. -RRB- as well.If plugging in the diffuser does n't work right away , follow the instructions and give it at least one to three months before giving up . It can be a process . Not everyone will have the immediate results we did .
 My chihuahuas have been so much better since I have been using comfort zone . they still get frightened during a severe thunder storm , but are much better than they used to be . And there is no more separation anxiety . Hope this continues to work for them as I will keep on purchasing it .
 This has been the only thing that has worked for my dogs . I have tried many others that did n't work . I suggest it to anyone for your dogs .
 One of those items that 's difficult to review in that it 's what does n't happen . And how does one know . I do a lot of pet sitting and I want them to feel as comfortable and calm as possible . I keep this going all the time . As does my vet -LRB- I 've seen it in all of the examining rooms -RRB- . Everyone does well , have had no problems and I assume that is due in part to the DAP diffuser .
 This works really well for my dog . He reacts to every noise when it runs out . Much calmer with the plugins .
 It 's very pricey when used continuously , but it works . Our 4 year old wire haired fox terrier has really seemed to calm down and be happier in our home since we started using this . Buy in bulk from a discount retailer if you can , you 'll save 30-40 % .
 this is the third time I 've ordered Farnam 's Comfort Zone DAP refill , which I like very much . But I continue to receive CEVA DAP Refill . The Comfort Zone Product is good and we have had some great results . Been using for almost 6 months now and I would not be without it .
 For rescue dogs , agitation is a big problem . They need time to adjust to a normal , less stressful life . DAP may help with this , but about the same time I also switched to home made dog food , started adding nutritional supplements to reduce their stress responses , so I 'm not sure how much this product contributed to their mellowing . But the next time I introduce a new rescue dog into the pack I 'll plug in the DAP aerator just to be sure .
 A few weeks ago I adopted a rescued 3m Pit/Lab puppy that apparently has awful separation anxiety - he even barks through the bark collars . I live in an apartment and when I would leave for class he would bark in his kennel for 4-5 hours straight . I knew that he would need to be properly introduced to his kennel and undergo behavioral training , but with such a tight schedule , doing these things was a slow process.It was not only sad to leave him barking , my neighbors had to listen to him all day as well , so after trying the bark collar which did n't work for him , and being broke from paying people to keep the pup while I was in class -LRB- so I would n't have to kennel him -RRB- , I decided to try this product to help calm him down.It is n't a perfect or quick fix , but what I have found over the last few weeks is that on the days the I come home after having the product plugged in , he is n't barking and he is MUCH more calm . When I do n't use it , I come home and he is still barking . . I 've sat outside for 20 minutes and listened to him . Not the case with the pheromones plugged in.Again , I would n't expect this product to work if you do n't have time to properly train a dog , but it is absolutely a wonderful aide in the process !
 I did n't really think this could work as it sounds stupid like a miracle pill to fix a problem . However , as it was about $ 30 for the infuser with the first bottle of DAP we figured it was worth a shot.Our dog howls constantly when we leave and is rather anxious/dependent on us . Now , this started after we adopted her and as we live in an apartment building its problematic for the neighbors and they 've complained.We bought DAP , and started to record for a few days if she continued to howl . Amazingly the howling decreased significantly and pretty much stopped with a few days . We continue to use DAP when we leaver her alone , and it 's worth a shot to see if it works for your dog .
 We have used this for our dog for three years now and it works . She is a nervous dog who will act out agressively with the other dogs . We keep this plugged in where she spends the most time at in the house and when it runs out we can see a difference in her within a couple of days .
 My oldest dog is a 65 lb rot chow mix . Her back end is slowly failing and Im sure sore and she gets hot really easy at night . This leads to her being pretty squirrelly , pacing , panting , up and down all night . On the hardwood floor sit keeps us up a lot and my husband was starting to have a break down . I spent a number of hours online trying to reach a solution . Between this product -LRB- which I plug in at night and take out in morning lasted 2 months -RRB- and Composure dog cookies -LRB- also amazing -RRB- she is consistently sleeping through the night . I want to say this dog is 16 I 've had her since she was 8 weeks . Over her life many of the quick fix , calm the dog things that are supposed to help with behavior or calming , like crating , rescue remedy , benadryl , etc have NEVER worked for her . She 's a great dog , but very determined to do things her way . Not all products work for all dogs but the fact that these two products work for this dog make them miraculous in my book .
 My husky suffers from separation anxiety . The DAP was recommended to me by a pet store associate . I bought the starter kit and one refill at the pet store , then realized how much cheaper I could get them online . I can buy 3 refills for the price of 1 in the store ! Do they work ? I can see a difference in my husky if I forget to change it by the 30th day so I say yes . Shipping time is always reasonable . Very happy with product and will continue to order .
 I have used this for years . As I have several dogs , I use it continually to keep everyone on an even keel . If I run out , which I avoid like the plague , I can tell a difference within 24 hours . If you have issues , buy this product . It is the best .
 I was hesitant to try this product for fear of my puppy becoming dependent on it . However I bought a possessed beagle puppy that would howl whenever she was alone ... even if for only a minute . Her howling became so bad that my neighbors were calling the police . I went so far to call a dog behavioralist who told me to return her to the breeder . I bought this as a last resort and am amazed at the transformation . She is now the quietest and sweetest puppy ever ! I can definitely tell when we are running low though as she starts whining again . I will always keep this around . It has saved my sanity .
 I have a dog has a seizure disorder , and she is often quite anxious , esp . after a seizure . While she is medicated for this disorder , it 's not always enough to keep her calm . When she 's very nervous , we put on her Thundershirt , and plug in the DAP diffuser . while neither works along , together , they help to keep her calm . I 've tried the DAP diffuser alone , and it does work -- she visibly calms -- it 's just not enough on it 's own to help a very anxious dog.I also use it with my other dog , who has more normal separation anxiety . With him , it 's almost enough to calm him down entirely , if he 's not too worked up . It 's often on in `` his '' room , and he 'll usually settle down much more quickly if the DAP diffuser is going . If he 's terribly anxious , jumping and barking , it 's not enough-then I put a thundershirt on him too . but mostly , this diffuser is all he needs.This does work , and I think it 's a great adjunct for calming nervous or anxious dogs . If you have serious issues , as with my dogs , you may need more than just this -LRB- which is why I do n't give it 5 stars -RRB- but this is absolutely worth it if you can get it reasonably priced , and it 's very helpful . I 'd also suggest the thundershirt to use with it if you have a seriously anxious dog.But I 'm quite grateful this product is out there -- it makes my dogs lives better , and is way to help calm them without adding yet more medication .
 Great product and it lasts a long time so it is worth the higher price .
 I bought the cover for the back seat as well as the two front seats . I really like the no-skid back as it does hold in place , even with my active dog . Good length so it drapes slightly on the floor -LRB- as in the pix -RRB- . My one comment is regarding the loop that goes over the headrest to hold it in place . It doubles as a elastic loop when you roll up the cover which is good . However , the loop is a bit long and `` sloppy '' for over the headrest so the top of the cover slumps down a bit . A good way around it would be to add your own , smaller , elastic loop , ties , or perhaps clip the loop behind the headrest to shorten it a bit . Overall , a good coverage system which looks fairly smart in your car . It will certainly save my leather seats : - -RRB-
 I bought the cover for the back seat as well as the two front seats . I really like the no-skid back as it does hold in place , even with my active dog . Good length so it drapes slightly on the floor -LRB- as in the pix -RRB- . My one comment is regarding the loop that goes over the headrest to hold it in place . It doubles as a elastic loop when you roll up the cover which is good . However , the loop is a bit long and `` sloppy '' for over the headrest so the top of the cover slumps down a bit . A good way around it would be to add your own , smaller , elastic loop , ties , or perhaps clip the loop behind the headrest to shorten it a bit . Overall , a good coverage system which looks fairly smart in your car . It will certainly save my leather seats : - -RRB-
 Wow . The Sporn Training Halter really works . Have 5 dogs and they are all pullers . They stopped pulling instantly , I mean instantly , when I put these on . I have tried everything
 I have tried every halter on the market and this is probably the best . It is not the easiest to use , but once you get the hang of it , it is pretty easy . The cons
 My cat goes crazy if she does n't get her daily treat . She loves this stuff !!
 My Scottie has severe skin allergies and this shampoo is the only one I 've found that soothes the itching and improves the smell that accompanies the skin condition . I 've tried other over-the-counter products as well as prescription products , but this is the best . It leaves his coat shiny and soft . It lathers well , spreads through his coat well , and rinses out easily . Highly recommended .
 this halter has worked very well with our great dane . he ca n't drag me at the sight of every bunny or lizard now .
 Absolutely the cutest little fashion dress for the stylin ' dog ! It is darling on and my little yorkiechon thinks shes a little Princess . Got that right ! Great seller and decent prices !
 This is a big ol' bag of ears , good quality , no smell , all large to average size ears . Much healthier choice than pig ears , not fattening and last longer . Unlike rawhide does n't cause blockages . I have big dogs and need chewies in bulk , this is a better deal than my co-op or walmart had to offer .
 this was a great value and great product . . just what u would expect from Kent Marine ... best value for the size
 These are wonderful dog treats ! I use them for my boxer , who is a service dog in training . They are easy to break into smaller pieces to use for training , or used whole as a treat . We 've offered our dogs all of the varieties and they love them all !
 These are a great high-quality treat the dogs love . They are also MY favorite to have on-hand for when the Aussies get a surprise training opportunity . . Put a few in your pocket for the day and they will not dry out , they are n't greasy and hold up well -LRB- very few crumbs -RRB- . It is also easy to break into smaller serving sizes . I used to do this with Zuke bits , -LRB- also excellent treats -RRB- but the Zukes are greasy feeling and they dry out much quicker .
 The bag has plenty of treats and not a lot of air . The meat is tasty to my dog and the price is not too high .
 Our sheltie just loves these real meat dog treats we got her for Christmas . I have never seen her so anxious for us to give her another one ! Will definitely buy again .
 For one of these treats , my dog will pick up her own poo poo . Well maybe not , but she 'd try if she could understand a word I say . These snacks are like crack for dogs .
 This vitamin supplement is wonderful for all your birds needs . I have been using this formula for over 15 years . I have an aviary and I bake my own special mixture for their daily soft egg food . I include this supplement in the mixture . The birds look forward to it everyday .
 Petamine is the very best food supplement for any caged birds . I have lovebirds and finches and I would never feed them just seeds and vegetables without adding the Petamine to their food daily . My birds have never gotten sick or weak due to the addition of this to their diet . Go ahead and purchase the 2 lb . can as it costs only a little bit more than the 8 oz . container .
 All dogs respond differently , and no one on here can tell you how your dog will respond to it . Id say , it only costs a little and could save you a lot in damages , so it is worth a try.However , It is working great for ours !! The main reason I wanted it was to keep our 10 month old rescue pup from grabbing and yanking my older dogs tail and neck scruff . He saw me spraying all his favorite chew things and was immediately weary , and has not touched them since . He is n't a huge chewer , but more of a sneaky chewer when you 're not looking , every now and then . His jerking my other dog around by her bushy tail was getting pretty bad , and this has put a stop to that , so for that it is well worth a few bucks !! ** As a word of warning , wear gloves when spraying and try to keep your mouth covered with something until you 're finished applying !!
 I used this product to keep my dog from chewing the vertical blinds . A tip given to me by the sales person at my local pet store worked wonders
 I have been a groomer for 13 years and have tried several no-chew products , both for customers and my own animals . This product is fantastic and probably the best I 've tried because it 's : - All-natural-Alcohol free -LRB- wo n't sting hot spots or other wounds -RRB- - Odorless-Won ' t stain perfectly groomed fur or the furniture ! - Inexpensive-It works !
 This does what the big 4-5 dollar stones u might find locally . I give it good ratings on oxygen amount , size , and price . A little brittle I dropped one barely and it quickly broke so their not as tough as ur large stones but they perform as well just require more care
 Our dog is kind of picky when it comes to her goodies and she loves these.They are fresh not stale.We have been getting the Dingo cat treats for a couple of years and I thought I would try the dog treats and I was ` nt dissapointed.JBowling
 I have this ornament in a 10 gallon freshwater tank . I prefer an ornament to a the focal point amongst plants and driftwood , but not overbearing . I would not personally recommend it for a smaller size tank , as I feel it would be a little too large . That being said , I 'm very happy with it . I was looking for a South American theme , so this is perfect . Small fish have swim holes for play . I ran airline tubing into it , and have air bubbles gently rising from the center of the vase .
 very pretty ... looks great in the aquarium ... adds some color and the fish swim through it ... I do wish it had been a little bigger .
 I purchased this for my 10 gallon tank , which houses 6 neons and 3 peppered corys . It took them a couple days to warm up to it , but now theres almost never a time where there isnt a fish or two swimming in and out of it . It 's extremely aesthetically pleasing , and the perfect size for what i needed .
 Decorations do n't have to do much , but they should n't harm the fish . These ancient pot replicas are interesting , and the fish seem to enjoy them . In the month or so that I 've had them they have not lost color , or peeled or hurt my fish in any way . I 've got 3 different designs in 2 different tanks .
 This clipper head is great for roaching a saddle mules main makes nice even cuts and stays sharp . Of all the heads I have tried this is the best and works well with the oster cordless clippers .
 This blade arrived quickly , and it works great . The blades for the Groom Master are hard to find , but this one is just right .
 Whole Life Chicken Treats are a `` must have '' around this house . Some of my cats expect them , so I must have them available . The large bag lasts almost a month for my group of beggars . But they only get them when they have done something good or special . They understand the concept of a reward for good work .
 My fussy Himalayan just goes crazy for pieces of this chicken . He does n't eat any other dry food . I was concerned because many of the pieces in the bag are broken down into tiny specs , and I was concerned about wasting so much of the food . I now call it frosting and put these tiny pieces on top of his wet food Weruva Paw Licking Chicken and he devours all of it . He knows the word `` frosting '' and waits patiently for me to sprinkle some of it on top of his wet food . I use the larger pieces as treats . Great product especially for fussy cats ! Buying the large bag from Amazon saves me at least $ 12 .
 These are the best treats in the world ! I have never had all of my cats like one treat as much as these . Plus it 's just one ingredient ... chicken so unlike other treats it 's good for them .
 My dogs love this more then any other treat ! Warning
 Once they had these treats , neither of The Boyz want any other treats ! They know where the canister is and anytime we walk close to it , they both come running , circling , begging like dogs ! They have no feline pride when it comes to these treats . They even lick up the chicken `` dust '' and walk around with it all over their -LRB- black -RRB- faces . They love this stuff . My only complaint is how hard it is to find ! It stays `` out of stock '' all over the internet a lot so I have to stock UP on any size I can find , when I can find them.All natural , nothing bad for them and they love them . Perfect treat - but often hard to find .
 This treat is absolutely the favorite of my two cats , my daughter 's dog , and my son 's 2 cats . Watch out where you buy though ... the price can vary by as much as $ 12.00 for the 21 oz . size
 Good cat treat , pure chicken . My last purchase was not as well received , seemed like they changed something as product was all crushed in small pieces or even into powder .
 My pets love these dehydrated chicken nuggets and buying the large sized package is a great savings . Good service also .
 These chicken treats are a big hit in my home and a great reward and motivator for my cat . Even the crumbs at the bottom of the bag get sprinkled over her daily feedings ! The product is high quality and yes , the chunks are just as shown in the picture , thanks to the insulated packaging used for shipping . Since the bag lasts for 8-9 months , it 's easy to justify the cost , plus I love the convenience of this smooth online transaction and prompt delivery . Buy with confidence and you 'll enjoy even more bonding with your very contented pet !
 My dog and cats all love these freeze-dried treats . They are made in the USA , which is important these days with all the health problems caused by treats from China -LRB- which is where the overwhelming majority of treats are made -RRB- . They are pure chicken meat , perfect for animals with food allergies . Easy to break into smaller pieces for cats or small dogs . Came well-packaged , so it was n't a bag full of crumbs like I 've gotten from other companies in the past . The bag is large but resealable , so the treats stay fresh . Highly recommend .
 These are wonderful , healthy high-protein treats for dogs and cats . I crush them and sprinkle them on my cats wet food to entice them to eat and break them into small pieces to give as treats . The big bag is by far the most cost effective way to go .
 My cat is a fussy eater , he always eats when I put a few of the chicken treats in his food dish . Love it ! Thank - you !
 I 've bought this brand of freeze dried chicken in various sizes from various places over the years . My most recent purchase is the large 21 oz bag which I got here at Amazon . The pieces in this bag are mostly flat , averaging 1/4 '' thick . The color is light tan . The previous bag I got -LRB- same size -RRB- from another vendor in July had large pieces that were 3/4 '' to 1 '' thick and the shapes were irregular , not almost perfect rectangles like the current bag . The color was also much lighter and the pieces were flaky and easy to break up.My cats do seem to prefer the bigger , chunkier , lighter & flakier pieces but they 're also happy to eat the darker , flatter ones as well . One cat will sometimes not be interested in the flatter , darker pieces but will eat them at other times.I 've bought the smaller bags in local stores and you can see the product inside through the bag and they have always been the nicer , lighter chunkier pieces.I give 5 stars for when I get the nicer product , 3.5 - 4 stars for bags like the one that was delivered today from Amazon .
 The Natural Freeze Dried Chicken Breast looks very appetizing . My cat loves it . It has become the snack of her choice even though sometimes she likes it mixed with some other dry treats . Sometimes some pieces in the bags are a little dark , almost too dry and hard to chew . In general I have luck and it looks excellent even if pricy . I wish the price would be more accessible for other pets to be able to enjoy pure protein not found in any other commercial product .
 We 've been giving these to our cats for about 3 years now . They absolutely LOVE them . There 's not a lot of consistency to the size of the pieces , but that 's no issue . They break apart fairly easily . Since they 're freeze dried they will produce powder when broken and when you 're down to just a few bits left there 's a lot of powder left in the bottom of the bag . That 's no problem either , since you can put the powder into a little bowl , add some hot water , stir and TADA . Chicken gravy!The only Con is that it is expensive compared to processed treats , but you get what you pay for .
 Our Shiba Inu , Maya , loves these . First and foremost , the packaging says Made in the USA and that makes them worth buying right there . They are quite light and airy -LRB- being freeze dried -RRB- and are easy to crunch or gum for older dogs . A definite go to treat for any canine companion .
 My cat used to eat raw . Then he gorged once too often and threw it up ... in multiple , best-not-to-be-remembered places . Thus , he no longer considers raw as suitable food . His human not only had to give away way too much organic raw meat but also had to find some sort of suitable no-starch protein to supplement his diet . Thank goodness for this stuff . He loves it . He loves it in chunks . He loves it as sprinkles . He 'd probably love to snort it . Stupid cute cat .
 My cat likes variety and occasionally gets bored with the same old - same old . The freeze dried chicken is one of the few he never tires of . These , the venison and Catmandoo are his favorite treats .
 I got my cats first addicted to Halo &#34; liv a littles &#34; but I hated all those plastic containers even if they are recyclable . Anyway I found out about these and my cats love it and it is a whole lot cheaper .
 My cats love this product . The slightest whiff of it causes them to beg with frantic meows . This is a great product if you 'd like to train your cat -LRB- with a clicker and a pointer -RRB- . It 's a lot of money for 21oz of chicken though , so it loses one star : -LRB-
 My cats become crazy cats for these treats ... really , their eye get dilate , they run around and try to grab the bag out of my hands . We call it kitty crack ! : -RRB-
 My 3 cats line up to beg for this.I paid $ 6 for a 1 oz bag of this at the pet store.Compared to that this is a good value.Not cheap but my cats love this product !
 This is my cat 's favorite treat . I give her in late evening mixed with a little dry food , for an extra boost of protein -LRB- since it is 100 % pure chicken , freeze dried . -RRB- I just break the bigger chunks in smaller pieces for her , and she devours it . You ca n't miss with this product -- yes , it 's pricey . BUT , highly nutritional -- no fillers , preservatives or other junk . Go for it !
 I have purchased Whole Life Pure Chicken treats for a several years now . When I open the bag , my kitties come running . It makes me smile that they love it so much ; and I feel good about giving them something delicious , nutritious , and biologically appropriate . I crush some of the chunks and sprinkle it over their dry food too . `` Paws down '' , it 's their favorite treat .
 This is an excellent treat for my cats , all natural with only one ingredient . I use this to bribe them into letting me brush their teeth . It might be pricey , but a little goes a long way .
 This is a great product , and the kitties love it . The vet loves it because there is nothing in the bag except dehydrated chicken . Shop around for the best price because it can vary by as much as $ 20 with shipping added in . The Subscribe and Save price was very good but it would be shipped in a box with other items that would crush the delicate pieces to a powder , so watch what other items you are ordering at the same time.My CRF -LRB- Chronic Renal Failure -RRB- kitty was able to eat it for the duration of her illness.An alternative way to serve it is to take the inevitable powder left at the bottom of the bag , plus a few pieces , and grind them superfine , and mix with tepid water in a little dish -LRB- see Duralex 2-oz . Lys Stackable Prep Bowls -RRB- for a nutritious `` cat soup '' . You can add Fortiflora for additional flavor & probiotic benefits . Our CRF kitty would be so busy with her `` cat soup '' that she would ignore us administering her subcutaneous fluids!As other reviewers have said , the texture of the pieces do tend to vary from bag to bag . Some are soft and some are harder . I tend to think that happens in the dehydrating process .
 Xena , my tabby , is a very finiky eater , and she loves this product . She gets three every night before I go to bed , and she will sit at the pantry , waiting for her bedtime treat .
 The cats love it.and can not wait until morning treat time.We have five cats so it takes a lot .
 My cats love this and according to the ingredient list it does n't have anything bad for my furballs . I often give it to them as a mid-day treat or a late evening snack , and they gobble it up .
 I own 2 male cats ... a Bengal -LRB- 3 1/2 -RRB- and a Tabby -LRB- 2 1/2 -RRB- . The Bengal is a pure-bred cat from a breeder and the Tabby is a rescue from a shelter . When I got the Bengal , the breeder gave me a sample of the Whole Life Chicken to try out . He loved it right from the first taste ! He gets his &#34; treat &#34; every night and gobbles it down . The Tabby however shows no interest in it at all . Very strange.I used to buy the 21 oz . bags from another supplier . I did n't know that Amazon sold it . The other supplier sent me bags that had about 20 % crushed pieces on the bottom ... crushed almost to a powder . Granted I could still mix this in with the regular cat food , but I was n't happy with it . Plus this suppler was more expensive.So I tried it from Amazon and to my suprise , the quality of the product was head-and-shoulders above the other supplier . And it was considerably cheaper . I 've been buying it from Amazon ever since ... probably bought 5 bags in the past year or so.I highly recommend this product and also recommend buying it from Amazon . Better quality , cheaper price ... and FREE shipping . You ca n't beat it !
 My cats will just about do back flips for these!My cats eat a raw diet , and I use these both as a treat and as an enticement &#8211; I crush them into a powder on my magic bullet food processor and sprinkle it over their meat &#8211; they will eat just about anything with this as a topper.If they have a stomach upset , I give these as a meal &#8211; OMG &#8211; it is a HAPPY DAY !!!! These are 100 % Chicken Breast and nothing else &#8211; there are no preservatives , and no nasties whasoever . They arrive in great shape , unlike other Freeze-Dry items I have purchased from other Companies.For kitties that have gone off food and need an extra boost in their diet , these are a great and healthy way to give them those extra calories . When My kitty Lucky was sick for a couple of weeks , her vet told me it was ok for her to eat this on its own before going onto a balanced diet &#8211; she loved and she never dropped weight &#8211; it bought the time she needed to heal.Great product that can be used as a healthy treat , as a topper to entice kitties to eat more wet food -LRB- or to transition to wet or raw -RRB- , to complement a diet &#8230; . . without any of the guilt of giving them the over-processed carb-heavy treats available in the market today .
 We have been feeding our cats these &#34; treats &#34; for a long time and they absolutely love them , they beg us for them and when they hear the bag opening , no matter where they are in the house , they come running !
 Of all the different plants I 've used in the past few years , my Bettas much prefer this particular plant because of the wide , flat leaves . They can lounge on a leaf at any level of the plant - close to the bottom or right near the top . Since my initial purchase , I have always replaced it with another of the same when I felt it needed replacing.The only thing I 'd recommend is snipping off the little bits of excess plastic that are sometimes located under the leaves or on the stems . They can be sharp on the Betta 's delicate fins , but come off easily enough . Very nice plant to look at , too . I 'll see if I still have a photo of my tanks somewhere .
 I bought this plant for a new freshwater 20 gallon aquarium I set up at work . My African Dwarf frogs love it , and at least one is often hiding underneath the lower leaves . It is shorter than 8 inches -LRB- maybe if you stretched it out it would be that long -RRB- . Other than that it looks great and I 'm happy with it .
 The plant looks very much as pictured , very realistic . The only reason it 's not getting 5 stars is because though the tops of the leaves are gorgeous the underside of all the leaves are n't painted and are pretty cheezy looking - and where my tank is at you 'll be able to see that . But ! I still love it , looks great otherwise .
 I put this in my 20 gallon tall tank with a bunch of other taller plants . It 's alright , but it just looks too stiff for my taste . Eventually , the black base detached from the circular plastic holder that the stems were attached to . This made it harder for me to firmly plant the decor into the gravel . The leaves also come off very easily with time . Nice looking plant but I could do without all the other problems . Still , I 'm satisfied with the purchase , but I would n't recommend it in a larger tank with lots of water movement .
 No complaints , it 's a nice little plant that works well in my betta/tetra tank community . I have combined it with other plants , and it looks great .
 i really like these for foreground foliage . They look pretty realistic and the base sits in the gravel well . It works a lot better than the scoop bases !
 THE FOLLOWING REVIEWS ARE FOR ALL OF MY AQUATIC PURCHASES.I always read two dozen or more User Reviews for any product I buy.Amazon is honest and prints both the good and the bad reviews.I bought the following products from Amazon : &#62; &#8226; &#8226; &#8226; &#8226; &#8226; &#62; Hagen Marina Ecoscaper Hydrocotyle Silk Plant.I am really pleased with this plant.And the fish like it too ... no rough edges.It is just as pictured and looks so realistic . &#62; &#8226; &#8226; &#8226; &#8226; &#8226; &#62; Hagen Exo Terra Water PLANT , Duckweed.It looks and floats just like real duckweed ! I showed it to the aquatics people at Petco and they were impressed . &#62; &#8226; &#8226; &#8226; &#8226; &#8226; &#62; Hydor Theo Submersible Aquarium HEATER 25W UL.Very small and easy to adjust ; plus it can be placed completely underwaterin any position
 I do enjoy these plants . They look very nice in my tank , and the material is definitely not `` plasticy '' . They wave in the `` current '' from the filter , and I am very pleased with them . I have other silk plants in the tank and these are the ones I am happiest with .
 One of the leaves was missing , the `` silk '' is somewhat rough/hard , a bit expensive though but overall product as described .
 Does what it 's supposed to do . This is my third mag pump . I 've been working my way up throught the years . My first was 250 , then a 500 . This is a 700 gph . -LRB- They all still work fine . -RRB- I use it with a their matching 1 sq , foot filter . You must use an add on filter or it will be constantly clogging . The 700 is perfect for the Bell Type Fountain .
 I looked it several different pumps to power my aquaponics system . This unit was recommended by the guys at Friendly Aquaponics so I thought I could n't go wrong . I have about 400 gallons in my system and the goal is to cycle at least that amount every hour . By the specs this pump should be more that enough to handle the job , but it seems a little underpowered to me and next time I think I will go with a larger Danner pump as the pump seems to be very well made . This is not like the cheap Chinese pumps you get off Ebay.It came with a basket that keeps a lot of the solid material out of the pump , but at the same time it does n't have any problem pumping the fish waste or algae buildup . I have been running it for 2 and a half months and have not had to clean it out once . It has a standard 3/4 in pvc outlet so I was able to use pvc piping bought at the big box store .
 I 've been purchasing pumps for my pond for many years until I found this one ! It was a hassle to constantly readjust pump settings with every new pump I had purchased as these pumps do n't last forever and manufactures do n't use the same inlet diameters or tubes . But now the ONLY thing I 've had to replace is the impeller which is why pumps end up failing in the first place , and other pumps you can not replace this part alone . So I 've purchased a few spare impellers , and they are very easy and cheaper to replace . I keep the same pump setting and I 've only had to replace the impeller once thus far in the 2 years I 've had this pump . And I think it was my fault . I could 've extended the life of it had I kept the filters clean.I 've read some reviews that the prefilter melts , deforms or looses it 's shape . Yes , it does ! But this does not justify lowering the rating of this pump . Mine lost its shape , but functions just fine . Who cares ! It 's under water !! The key issue you need to keep in mind is that this pump might be a bit more expensive , BUT you can replace parts !! I 've done my math and I can asure you that you end up saving money and time in the long run.If you have had a pond for many years like I have , you know that somehow these pumps break down at the most inconvenient time . Then you ca n't find the same pump because manufactures change models constantly . Then the pump does n't fit right , you now need a different diameter tubing , or the GPH somehow is not the same ... forget it ! Buy this one ... and do n't forget to always keep an Impeller replacement handy !!
 This replaced the same pump I had on my turtle pond for the past three years . It is a real great workhorse and they have upgraded the warranty on the pump from 3 to 5 years . It really pushes the water and the pond is crystal clear . I just wish it came with a better pre-filter . Thank goodness I saved the one from another pump that I had and I use it . Turtles can really clog up a filter fast . Just make sure you clean the filter regularly . That is what happened to my old one . The filter was dirty and clogged the pump and the impeller carved grooves in the pump . I highly recommend this pump or all the others from this company to anyone .
 I use mine in an unconventional way . I submerge it in a -30 C windshield washing/anti-freeze mixture to pump the solution through computer components . I imagine the plastic will start to crack at those temps , but so far it 's held up good for about a year with on and off use .
 In my opinion , there are none better . I have experienced from three to five years service with Pondmaster pumps running our Koi pond display fountains 24x365 . The failures usually occur where the magnet 's spindle interfaces with the front cover
 Good durable pump . Works well if you have a sufficiently large filter so that you dont have to clean the filter frequently .
 In all the literature before purchase I did n't read anything about the prefilter being in the box so I bought one . Now I have 2 .
 So far so good . Works better than any I have had from local Home Depot , PetSmart , etc. I use it to return water to top pond from bottom , and it works well .
 Order was promptly delivered and has been functioning flawlessly since . I have a rock water feature with apx 40 gal of recycling water and the pump works better than the original . I would purchase again should the need arise
 The pump seems solidly made ... I 've had it going for about a month now . Everything was as advertised ... it did come with an external strainer cage rather than a pre-filter sponge . Would have liked about 2 more feet on the cord ... but ... at 18 ' ... it 's good enough . One complaint ... even with the strainer cage , the impeller casing does get a bit gummed up with debris ... but , it 's easily scraped out with out removing the housing .
 this has only been running a month , but I certainly have no complaints . It is in an underground tub , and is pretty much inaudible . I think the only reason you can hear even as slight hum is that the tub it runs in is metal . very good loft on the water , I did n't need a reducer to get my desired height
 It took three weeks to receive this pump , by the time it was received it was only used for 5 days . I ca n't give a review on the item , but if you need one fast do n't order from these people . Shipping time is ridiculous !!
 I bought this exact same turtle dog toy when my dog was a puppy 4 years ago . She absolutely loved it . She would n't go anywhere without it . We moved a few times since and we managed to lose it so you can imagine how sad my dog was ! When I found it on here I was so excited . I actually ordered it to give to her for Christmas but she ran over to the box when it came like she knew what it was !!! As soon as I opened it she grabbed it out like it was her long lost friend . The reason I love this toy is because the squeak was n't a high-pitched annoying sqeak but a more muffled one . I am sad to say though when she took it out of the box it did not sqeak . Disappointing really . She still loves it more than anything though ! I am going to order a few more -LRB- for backup -RRB- and hopefully they are n't broken . She loves toys that sqeak ! I highly recommend this toy .
 This toy is like dog crack . She wont stop playing with it , has had it in her mouth for an hour now , and shows no signs of giving up . And it is intact , a rarity with toys and our dog . We do n't buy her many toys now because she just shreds them , but this one seems to be holding up just fine . She is 17 lbs , and it seems to be the perfect size for her to chase after , carry , and chew . I 'm really impressed with this and we 'll probably buy for when this one eventually dies . Nothing lasts forever!Edited to add ... ugh ... I just looked at it , and the turtle is now cracked and has holes in it . The dog wins again . Another 6 bucks down the drain .
 With the exception of the hard plastic squeaker in the belly of the turtle -LRB- which we had successfully broken within 10 minutes -RRB- this toy is great . The strange shape causes a unique bounce . It 's size makes it easy to carry . It is now our favorite toy .
 This is a smaller size toy , but my 75lb lab mix LOVES it ! We live in the arctic so we play inside a lot due to the weather . It bounces really well off the floor and off the wall for some crazy chasing ! This is his new favorite toy in a long time !
 JW Pet Co is a GREAT dog toy maker . My dog loves every one of the JW toys we have purchased for him . I only wish this particular toy was a bit larger . Other than that , absolutely no complaints .
 My favorite thing when playing fetch is odd bouncers . It is so much more fun for both of us when the toy does n't go as expected and requires a little more effort to chase down . That 's why I love this little turtle . When I toss it the fact that the center of gravity is n't so centered results in it bouncing around oddly so that Tsune has to chase it down . My boyfriend , cynic that he is , loves that she has a hard time getting it to squeak , and that the squeaker is n't so grating when she does get it.Pros -- Cool bouncing - Quiet , hard to trigger squeaker - Cute design looks hilarious hanging out of her mouthCons -- Might not bounce as well in the grass ... the nice thing about a little dog is that we can play fetch indoors - Owners of serious chewers seem to complain about durability
 This toy is the perfect size for my Havanese to hold onto and bite . He is surprisingly a very strong chewer , and this product is holding up well against it . I recommend this for strong , small breeds .
 My jack russell terrier loves this toy . The squeaker lasted only 1 week . But , still , he loves it . The squeaker is a bad design . It cracked up and fell into the toy itself . Hope JW will improve it .
 Great toy for a small dog , especially those who love to chew ! It does make have a squeaker in it but b/c of how sturdy the material is , it is kind of hard for the puppy to squeeze it enough to make the noise . All in all , holds up well !
 I bought this to replace the ` fish ' that my dog loved and we lost in the woods . I was excited about the ` turtle ' . When it arrived it is tiny ! My mistake as it clearly states it is for small dog . My 70 # lab does love it still . I wish the ` turtle ' came in a size for a large dog . Overall , it is a sturdy toy , my dog can break any squeaker but he does not destroy these , very strong/sturdy .
 It 's her favorite , and I keep ordering more of them in case they stop making them . They last forever , at least for whippets , and the best thing for our sanity is the turtle makes a much quieter honking sound . The kitty-shaped toy makes a piercing squeak that the dog loves , but which can get a little irritating for the humans involved .
 It 's smaller than I expected , but my boston terrier does n't mind . He 's discarded his favorite toys and now brings me this to play fetch . He ca n't get enough of it!Delivery from Pawtastic Pet Supplies was quick and free . Ca n't beat that.Update
 It 's not clear from the description or the packaging image , but this is a small toy . A choking hazard for big * , or even mid-sized dogs . In fact this toy , as shipped , is identical in size/weight to the `` 1.6 oz '' Cat Dog Toy by the same manufacturer , despite being listed as 3.2 oz.This company does make wonderful , durable products , and provided you have the correct size , they make for excellent toys . * like our Retrievers . Who get to play with it supervised - they love them , but they really love the big dog versions .
 our Great Dane , Kenya , actually stole this toy from her Rat Terrier cousin , Ray Charles . She has a green one and ca n't do without it now . She completely ignores all other toys , and knows where the green turtle is at all times . I ordered a bear for her and ca n't wait to see if she likes it . She loves to throw it and let it bouce around uncontrolably . I provides a lot of play time when I 'm not around .
 these last for years in my house , they tug , throw , bounce , chew and the sqeekers never give out , they stand up to the weather when left outside
 I only buy JW pet toys . I have to aggressive chewers at home that are very hard on toys . It take a long time for them to destroy these .
 I bought it as a reward for my dog . She loves it . So far she has not done any damage to it . I may have to order another .
 Great dog toys . Heavy rubber and perfect for a small dog . I buy these frequently and this was the best pricing .
 I have trouble finding plants that work well in a 1 gallon drum bowl . They are too tall , too short , or look terribly fake.I was able to pull the stems through the bottom of the base , snip off the excess stem , and heat the plastic to reset the plant in the base . The plant is very thick and bushy so my betta can hide among the leaves or rest on the broad leaves near the top of the bowl . Yay !
 I really like this plant even though I had reservations after I decided to order it.The colors do not look as good or vivid as when it is out of the water but after you wash it and leave it in the tank for a few days it really starts to show how beautiful it is and how much color , life and dimension it gives to a tank.The tints of burgundy at the tips and in parts of the roots really make the plant look alive almost and help with blending it with other colorful plants you might want to add to your tank.I am very pleased with the quality as well although I would have liked to see the base a little heavier so that it can hold it self a little better under the gravel instead of having to place rocks or a lot of gravel on it so it can stay down.The different shades of green also do not limit you to what other plants you can put in the tank because it almost has all the shades in it so blending is a breeze again.I definitely recommend it and would buy it again .
 Plant is small but has many leaves and very dense . It is very flexible and has many colors and detailed .
 Looks real and is a good forground plant . It even looks real out side of the tank . The leafs are thicker then most silk .
 This plant is okay . Nothing spectacular , by any means , but it takes up some space in our 5-gallon tank and looks fine . The base does n't seem extremely durable , but so far it has held up through being washed a few times . I do worry that the plants will separate eventually , but the price was low enough that it 's fine.It 's not really soft , but it is n't rough enough to hurt our Betta fish . It is definitely light-weight , too , but we bury it in the rocks and it stays put . I would recommend this as a basic aquarium plant .
 Very lifelike silk plant and it looks nice in tank . Bigger than I imagined , and just right for a 30 gallon fish tank .
 I put this in a 10 gallon cylinder and it camouflages very well against the background . My fish love hiding in it .
 I 'm very pleased with this plant and my fish love it too , often swimming through the leaves . It spreads out nicely while still remaining tall , and looks great in my tank .
 I put this in my 20 gallon tall tank and it looks very natural . The green is much darker in person , but it looks like I submerged a real plant in the water . It does n't hold together as well as pictured , but spreading out in the water , it looks very nice . Happy with the purchase .
 these treats are fantastic ! they are the only ones that my picky little pup will eat ... and since they 're good for him ... i do n't mind him begging for more !
 Our puppy loves Sergeant Sniffers Puppy Treats . He goes wild for them . We have tried a number of other dog treats and the Sniffers are far and away his favorite !
 I used to be able to buy these at Petco , since they stopped carrying them I have to buy online . These are my dog 's absolute favorite treats . I 've tried to find something similar , but nothing else makes him as happy as Sniffers . I usually buy three bags at a time , hope they never discontinue this product !
 My corgi goes crazy for Sniffers . I used to buy them at Petco , but once they stopped carrying them I 've had to search them out online . I 've tried other semi-moist treats similar to these , but my dog does n't love anything else the way he loves these.He gets two every night before bed , and will race into the kitchen for his `` bedtime snack . ''
 My puppy absolutely loves the Puppy treats . The treats themselves are easy to break into smaller pieces , and I can get away with using one or two for a 10min training session because the puppy is happy with very small bits of these treats . They also are more natural & low-fat than many other treats I 've looked at . My only hold back is the price ; I had gotten these on clearance for $ 2 a bag at Petco , but I now ca n't seem to find them anywhere else in stores .
 This ornament has been in use for a few months now . I has shown no signs of wear or fading . It was a great addition to my 55 gallon goldfish aquarium
 The sporn halter was as promised . Less expensive than in the stores and it works -- it keeps my dog from pulling . I recommend it .
 I bought this GORGEOUS sea serpent to put in a fish tank , a gift to my son on his eight birthday . I wanted something unique , something that is not mass-produced and available in every local superstore.Moreover , it had to be super-cool , especially for a boy 's fish tank , yet classy and beautiful , and I got it for sure . This exotic sea serpent is reminiscent of the sea monsters and `` beyond here be dragons '' printed on the pages of old maps of the ocean . Perfect to spark the imagination of a young boy dreaming of pirates and ocean adventures!The colors are super bright and have not faded yet and I do n't think they will . It is way larger than I imagined and quite impressive . The detail is beautiful and intricate . The serpent 's bright red and yellow scales really pop against the blue and red theme -LRB- his favorite color combo -RRB- of my son 's fish tank.Great for kids and adults alike!I ca n't find a single thing wrong with this product . It is 10/10 perfect and my son thinks it 's `` uber cool , dude !!!! ''
 I have three 7-week old puppies and they absolutely love this stuff ! I give it to them as an extra treat every couple days . It took them a day or two to get how to lick it off at first so I used my finger , but then after they got the hang of it they were happy to lick it right from the tube.I also fed this gel to my pregnant chihuahua before she had these puppies for extra calories and the essential vitamins she needed . She had a prefect welping and really seemed to enjoy this stuff , she would get super excited right when she saw the tube!Buying this off Amazon is the cheapest and easiest way , I 've priced it at all my local pet stores .
 My tiny Chihuahua puppy became hypoglycemic and stopped eating and playing and slept all the time . Hypoglycemia is an emergency and the vet warned us that if we saw her begin to get like this we should have Nutri-Cal on had and begin giving it to her right away . At first we rubbed a little on her gums and within a few minutes she was perking up . We mixed it with her food each feeding after that and she was a different puppy , happy and full of energy . We continued until she reached 18 weeks of age and the risk of hypoglycemic attacks had passed . Great stuff . If you have a small breed puppy be sure to have this on hand .
 got a puppy and it would n't eat.constantly barfed after eating and had diarrhea . I took him to an emergency vet after he suffered a seizure at 2am . I was sure my new puppy was about to die.after paying $ 600 to have tests done the vet wanted to keep him overnight and charge me $ 1000 . I could n't do it so I took the pup home with some medicine and started doing research the following morning on something I could give him for vitamins . I ended up finding Nutrical , after a couple days the pup started to get better and eat the nutrical instead of having to force it down his throat . In the end I found out all he had was worms and the vet was trying to tell me he had parvo -LRB- he received parvo shot a week prior -RRB- and would die if not left overnight.If it was n't for nutrical he probably would have died cause I could not give him solid food for energy or get enough down his throat.so for all you new puppy owners or small dog owners . If you have a weak puppy or small dog give him/her some honey or corn syrup -LRB- rub on their gums -RRB- for a quick energy boost then follow up with some nutrical until you can get them to a vet.and if your puppy is barfing with diarrhea and has already got its parvo shot then you should try going to walmart and buying de worming medicine for $ 5 and try that out .
 I give this to my 3-month old chi-poo several times a day . I began using it when I first got her -LRB- 4 weeks ! -RRB- as a vitamin supplement , but now give her a lick or two as a training tool for when she goes potty outside on the grass like she 's suppose to . It 's worked wonders !
 My boxer puppy was 11 weeks old when I got her and one of the runts of the litter . The breeder said they were surprised she made it . When I got her she was the size of an 8 week old puppy and her brother from the same litter was twice the size as her . She was finicky and did not like the food I gave her which was from the breeder . After two days she started losing weight from not even eating half a cup of food a day . So I changed her food and got her some enticing things to get her to eat . I also bought this stuff because she was losing weight for her to gain it and to at least get nutrients into her . This stuff is awesome !!! I am a medic and losing our new dog was not an option . She is doing great now and I still use this and keep it on hand as a supplement . With this and putting her on Orijens dog food with some canned EVO for enticement and pure protein punch I put weight on her immediately and she has shown obvious growth within one weeks time .
 When I bought my puppy from the store when he was 6 monthes , they said we should buy this so that way when he was transitioning from their brand of food to what I wanted to feed him , he would eat it ; and he was a little under the weight the vet wanted , I tried mixing this in with his dry food . Well , with dry food he would just lick it off so that did n't work to well . After he transitioned foods , it was just sitting in the cabinet . So as a treat I would put this on one of his spoons he has to chew on , so he could lick it off like that . I also began using it for training and letting him lick it as it was squeezed out the bottle . And he loved every bit of it . He now weighs a healthy weight and is eating the food I want him to eat .
 At first I purchased this product for one of my bichon frise Puppies , he was the smallest of the litter an the weaker . I really thought he was going to die . He did not eat at all , I could feel his ribs . . But well , I started using nutrical on him everyday and it was like a miracle , he started walking , eating , gaining weight . He is still the smallest but hes just as energized and healthty as his litter mates . The change on him was amazing , now mom likes it to . . I love this product ... Amazing
 i have a tiny dog who on occasion gets hypoglycemic , and this works great . I also use it when either of my dogs is not eating properly . it increases their appetite in addition to being loaded with a lot of nutrition for them . The price is a little less than when I order it from one of the dog catalogs . Also , It has a good expiration date , which is important . I would highly recommend this product for any dog owner . They also have it for cats and kittens . which my vet says is excellent too .
 I raise little poodles and so many times if a baby has a sugar drop I reached for the Nutri Cal . Airlines that I ship puppies though recommend shippers give this to a puppy before shipping . It 's a must if you have a teacup/toy type of puppy . Any type of stress that may happen in your puppies life , give them a dose of Nutri Cal Puppy . My vet highly recommends it .
 This saved one of my very young chihuahua puppies ' lives when he had really bad low blood sugar . he was having seizures , wouldnt eat , and was falling over , but he would eat this , and it made his appetite grow for other food , and he recovered well .
 I foster dogs and puppies and am always on the lookout for things that will help in my care of them . Many of the puppies and dogs I get are in poor health or undernourished so a good , tasty nutritional supplement is a must.Nurti-Cal is such a supplement . I first found out about Nutri-Cal while fostering 2 , 2 week old Rottweilers who were very ill and needed to be fed via bottle . The other folks in rescue suggested that I try Nurti-Cal to help these pups get the nutritional support they needed and they all swore that this is a miracle product . I tried it and was absolutely amazed at how well the puppies responded to the Nurti-Cal and immediately purchased several more tubes to keep in my arsenal . I have used it with older dogs too in a pinch when I could n't readily get the adult dog version . This is also a great product to help put some needed weight on dogs or to help nurse along a sick dog to ensure they are getting the nutrients they need . Unfortunately , the place where I used to purchase Nutri-Cal stopped carrying it and replaced it with a more expensive but nutritionally similar product . I purchased that product and the puppy I was fostering at the time would n't even touch it , nor would any of my dogs . If you knew my dogs , you would know that it must be pretty awful tasting if they would n't touch it ! I was so pleased to find this product on Amazon and immediately ordered several tubes . It keeps for a long time so stocking up is n't a problem.Is this really a miracle product ? All I can say is that I have seen amazing results when using this with sick and malnourished dogs and that it is now my `` go to '' supplement when a new foster dog arrives at my home . This is an all-around great nutritional supplement that dogs love the taste of . I highly recommend it , especially if you are involved in foster or rescue work .
 This product worked very will to help my dog grain some weight and I would recommended for anyone who is having trouble with for dog eating on their on .
 There is know other product on the market that compares . I breed small dogs and it gives them instant energy if they start to go down from exhaustion , low sugar . The pups love it and I give a tube to each customer and require them to use it for at least six months after there purchase as part of there contract . And the pups love it as a treat .
 I have a VERY picky puppy . I worry about him getting enough calories , so I did some internet research and found Nutri-cal . He absolutely LOVES it ! He would eat the entire tube at one time if I let him . It seems to stimulate his appetite too . I highly recommend Nutri-Cal to anyone who has an animal that needs to gain weight .
 I used this product for my 14 y.o. mixed breed pooch who was failing in health and would not take food by mouth due to stomach distress . It did help keep him nourished , as he was on it for over 2 months . He was n't crazy about it , and it can be really messy until you learn how to work with it . I had to do a sneak attack to get it in , and for me I found it worked best to use only an 1 inch strip placed the tip of my finger , and then quickly rub into my dogs back teeth and gums on the side -LRB- ONLY -RRB- . Do Not put in back of throat as dog could choke or aspirate the food ! The gel melts and the dog just swallows naturally that way . It is really sticky-so cleaning their mouths and snouts afterwards is a good idea . I keep my tube refrigerated-but I would take it out and let it warm up for about 10 minutes before I used it . If it gets too warm-the product will seperate and get oily-just massage the tube and it will remix.The food gives the dog energy in about 20 minutes-perhaps from the sugar in it . I 'm not sure , but that 's what the vet told me . But that was enough time for my dog to have the strength then to go outside to do his `` business '' . I did add a probiotic supplement as my dog had been on long term antibiotics , and loose stools were an issue . Once I got that problem resolved-the Nutri-Cal did not cause any loose movements.As I stated previously-my dog was on this for over 2 months . I started him on a tube from the vets -LRB- $ 20 bucs -RRB- and priced it at the local pet store -LRB- $ 19.99 ! -RRB- YIKES-so amazon.com is the way to go for the best price . It is full of the correct nutrition or it would not have sustained my dog for so long . They do make a senior version of Nutri-Cal , but since my dog was taking no other food by mouth-I wanted the most calories in that I could get . I was very pleased with the product , and felt it helped my dog greatly .
 My older dog was very sick with pneumonia . I could n't get him to eat or drink but worse , I could n't get him to take his pills . This product was recommended as a supplement but what it was GREAT as was crushing the pills into.I would take his three pills , crush them into a powder , mix the nutri-cal in and make a paste and put it on the dogs teeth and around his mouth . Lo and behold , he would lick every bit off.The dog recovered and I will make sure I keep a tube to use in this way in the future .
 I tried this as a suggestion that it is great for small Yorkies . My very small boy loves it , and is very important to have on hand to curb low blood sugars .
 Excellent . Puppy loves it . . Older senior dog loves it too . Smells good.I would highly recommend this product for puppies and dogs any age .
 It is nutritionally balanced . My Chihuahuas are finicky eaters , yet , they LOVE Nutri-Cal . They 'll do tricks of obedience for it . It is great . No complaints . Best vitamin product for dogs out there . However , do not feed more than directed because your pet can become overweight .
 I have an eight months wheaten puppy who loves Nutri-Cal . Sometimes , she 's so active to find time to eat her food , so Nutri-Cal helps me make sure she 's getting enough nutrition . She also has been growing quite a bit since I started Nutri-Cal few months ago as she 's getting good nutrition .
 We have two small dogs that are prone to hyperglycemia . We give this to them when they refuse to eat just to ensure their calorie count maintains the level that it should be . You wo n't catch us without this stuff on hand .
 this is especially helpful to have for toy breed dogs , puppies , and even low energy dogs that need a nutritional boost or appetite enticement .
 Do you have a finicky eater ? Make sure your puppy has the nutrition it needs to grow health and strong . They love the taste and lick it right up . So good but be carefull not to over do . Remember it is vitimins and too much can harm . Read the directions ! If you have a small dog that is prone to getting nerveous or shakes , this stuff is great . It raises their blood sugar and prevents them from going into shock . Maltese and Yorkies are prone to this , so it is good to keep with you .
 The packaging , time for delivery and product were perfect . I wish I would have ordered more . I am very happy with this seller and this product .
 I got this for my dog when she was smaller and she loved it . It smells greatand anything she likes I like . Great for the prize .
 My English bulldog puppy ca n't live without this . I give him just a little after each of his meals and he loves it . After his meal he sits waiting patiently for it !
 This is a great product . It 's highly palatable , easy to use and packed for nutrients . My dog loved the taste and used it with no problem .
 I was able to save some money on this product was very happy about that.This is definatly a must have if you have a small of finkey puppy.It was nice to be able to save money .
 I have a little chihuahua , and after he got neutered he would not eat solid foods . I got this for him just in case that happened , and he loves it ! I 've only used it once because he bounced back very quickly , but it 's good to have just in case his eyes glass over in the future or has a seizure . Just keep it cool and out of sight , as they love this stuff and would definitely eat the whole bottle .
 This is a great product you can use whether your dog is sick or not . It must taste great they eat it with no problems . My only suggestion is that you do give some to your pet off & on just so they remember they like it . That way when they are sick they will still accept eating it .
 My son and his pup needed to move home with me recently . Her family being split , temporarily , resulted in a nervous , upset little dog with separation anxiety who refused to eat anything . She was VERY thin and got thinner . I did a lot of research as to how to help my son 's sick chihuahua . I looked into the breeds need in proper food , the traits , how to care for sickness , etc. I kept reading about giving Nutri-Cal to small dogs on many different websites . Of course I had to research this too . Long story long , I ordered the Nutri-Cal and started offering it to her and she actually wanted it ! I guess the smell got her interest and she licked it all up ! The Nutri-Cal seems to give her an appetite so she will eat other food . She is gaining weight slowly but surely . We also give her puppy milk , watered a bit , because she is so thin . We offer food several times a day , but if she wo n't eat after a few tries , we give a little Nutri-Cal and her desire to eat comes back . I 'm so glad we ordered the Nutri-Cal as I was very afraid we would loose her . And yes , we have taken her to the vet , who also said Nutri-Cal was a very good product .
 received as described and have on hand to use if needed and not much else to say any more but they keep requesting more .
 My dog survived parvo and to help speed his recovery i purchased nutrical . I believe this product helped my pup immensely . Would recommend to everyone
 I have a mini yorkie pup . 1.5 lbs @ 15 weeks . From 9 to 13 weeks he was not eating very well and this was a good bridge until he figured out that food made him feel good . Every now and then he seems low on energy and this always gives him a good boost when I get worried he 's getting wobbly and lethargic from a low blood sugar . Its amazing to see how he much likes this and how quickly he recovers !
 My 8lb dog loves this and when he needs an extra bit of energy he happily licks it off my fingers . An excellent product for puppies and dogs ! I highly recommend it
 Just whelped a litter of small breed dogs and would not go without this product . Assists in stimulating appetite as well as provided necessary vitamins and nutrients for dam and whelp . This product is also awesome for assisting in the prevention of Hypoglycemia in small breeds that go for a period of time w/o eating or need a boost in their sugar levels . Would never be with out a tube !
 my cavalier - jenny - is sooo spoiled and particular about what she eats so i make sure she gets a couple teaspoons of this daily . she loves it !
 Our chihuahua # 2 nearly died from hypoglycemia and loss of appetite , down and out . This supplement saved her tiny life , and she actually loved licking it off our finger . We purchased an off-brand at our farm supply when we ran out , and it was awful , the dog would not touch it . Nutrical is the gold standard .
 My puppies love this !! They always lick every last piece of the gel from my fingers . I try to give it to them every day . Very happy that they like it .
 Great for toy/small dogs . My yorkie will not have to worry about getting sick when he does n't feel like eating .
 Very good product , got 3 of these around the house or in the pack now , to keep one handy at all times . Arrived quickly just as ordered . I personally like the longer comb better .
 Great product !!! I have 7 Shih Tzus in full coat and this comb is amazing.I 've owned 3 and they real work .
 This comb is great for my Maltese Bentley ! His hair is long & this untangler comb does the job with ease . This 5 '' comb is perfect size . I recommend this product !
 Love this comb ! Bought two of them . Has rotating teeth and makes hitting a mat on a dog so much easier to deal with . Had one in the past . Definitely recommend , and appreciate prompt arrival .
 As a former dog groomer , I appreciate a well-made product for my own dog . I 've had 2 of these combs for several years , used daily . Consider one highly active Brittany -LRB- hunting dog with medium-longish hair -RRB- who attracts dog burrs , foxtails , cockleburrs , and teddybear chollas . Nightmare ? This comb , with its rotating teeth , gently and sturdily separates the hair and dislodges the offending objects and knots . I prefer a comb with teeth its whole length , as opposed to one with a handle - no twisting ; no wasted material . The 5 '' version fits nicely in a pocket . This IS a very good product .
 This a great product to use a children with long hair , it takes the tangles out easy .
 I do n't know what you people are doing , but these pumps are very quiet . You can use them improperly and they can be somewhat loud , but not nearly as loud as other pumps I have owned . I purchased two of these to replace my Turbo-Sea 1790P . Since these are not actually high pressure pumps , my expectations were lowered , and they perform better than expected . I have also used a 12HF but I think the 14HF is a much better value.Just keep them wet !
 Easy to install with a lot of features and accesories not mentioned in the product description . Amazon had the best price I could find
 I knew it would be loud but only needed it to pump water into my tank and does it perfectly through 20 feet of hose . Not for silent sumps !
 I purchased this for use in my 40 gal . African Cichlid tank . I use it to drive current flow at the substrate level . I set up a custom undergravel jet system , using PVC pipe . By providing continuous circulation/flow at the substrate level , it dramatically cuts down on your need to vacuum ! It also aids in helping to circulate oxygenated water , thus eliminating any need for a bubbler . I have used the Rio 17HF in my 55 gal . with excellent results , so wanted to have a similar set up in my 40 gal . that I set up for my daughter 's room.To use it in this particular application , you need to configure the PVC pipe setup to with as little turns as possible , to avoid any loss in head ft. pressure . Similar setup when doing a sprinkler system - less curves = better pressure and stronger flow of water.Highly recommend the Rio line of HF , vs. their regular lines -LRB- non-HF -RRB- . Much stronger and reliable . Also by purchasing it through Amazon Prime , I got free two-day shipping .
 A very good product have used them in the past with good result alwaysRio 14HF HyperFlow Water Pump - 840 GPH
 This halter is a lifesaver for those who have large dogs who tend to pull on the leash when out for a walk . If the dog pulls with his body the straps tighten around his front legs preventing the legs from moving forward . The dog has to stop pulling so that the straps immediately loosen and he can take the next step . With this halter I went from having two pointers take me out for a drag around the block to walking these two dogs at my own pace . I now have a little Italian Greyhound puppy -LRB- who my kids have labeled as having ADHD -RRB- . Since pulling is n't an option with this halter he hops like a rabbit on his hind legs when he wants to `` greet '' someone coming toward us on the path . It is very entertaining to everyone who sees him , but he is not pulling.I highly recommend this halter especially over the collar versions that make the dog pull with thier necks .
 This halter was recommended by our dog trainer for our vizsla . We have had great success in training him not to pull on walks with this product . This halter is effective yet safe and does not choke the dog or damage the wind pipe . I highly recommend this product . The under arm cushions will wear down after a while -LRB- 3 years for us -RRB- but Sporn sells replacement cushions .
 Fast shipping on this item . I use these halters for all 4 of my dogs and this is the best price by far . Highly recommended .
 High quality , but halter level it 's medium . My schnauzer -LRB- a miniature -RRB- keeps pulling me , even though not so much as before .
 My dog has a very sensitive stomach . When we find products she * can * eat , we love it . This one rated high on our list of treats we could give her . Unfortunately , we ca n't seem to find this product any longer .
 If every petstore carried this comb - there shelves would be empty . The rolling tines are unbelievable in removing all fur . I bought one 15 years ago at acounty fair , lost it last week , in house somewhere , and finally found this here . THE JOB IS DOES IS AMAZING ... IT WILL CLEAN THE MARKET IN PET COMBS , NO WONDER IT IS NOT ON ANY SHELF .
 For spring 2013 , Vibrant Pets ran a promo where the trial size -LRB- two month supply -RRB- of their product was free plus S&H. ; So for $ 7 , I figured , why not ? I 'm just about finished with the trial size and now ordered the 48 oz bag . I have three dogs , two of them are on the Skin and Coat formula and they look great , the third dog is on the Joint formula -LRB- seems to be working -RRB- . A little background : I was originally feeding all of my dogs natural dog food , such as Blue Buffalo and NutroMax -LRB- I kept switching products every few months because one of my dogs continued to have loose stools -RRB- . The only time he did not have loose stools was when I brought him home from the shelter , and they included a bag of Purina or something of the like -LRB- i.e. a cheaper dog food -RRB- . After trying several things -LRB- deworming , prescription stool hardener , and changing diets -RRB- , a vet recommended that I return to a cheaper dog food , I chose Purina Pro Plan . Sure enough , his stools are firm again , plus I think the two other dogs enjoy the taste a bit more . The one caveat of the cheaper brand , though , is that there coat is dull , coarse , rough , and they shed like crazy -LRB- I missed the nice , shiny coat with minimal shedding that the natural dog foods gave them -RRB- . I then came across the Vibrant Pets promo . Like I said before , for $ 7 I figured why not ? After about three weeks of using the product , there coats are shinier than ever , fur is surprisingly soft and shedding is back under control.The one thing I would change , though , is that I hate the ziploc thing on the bags , actually I 'm not a fan of the bags at all . I wish they would sell the product in a plastic screw-top container instead .
 A year ago we rescued a Shetland Sheepdog who had been on her own for quite some time . Most of her fur was missing , she had large , deep scars on her face and horrible allergies . Within a couple of months on Vibrant Pets she looked like a new dog . Her fur was growing in like crazy , the allergies lessened and even her eyes were clearer . We have three Shelties and they take Vibrant Pets every day . One of our girls with a sensitive stomach does n't have problems anymore . The money saved in vet bills is well worth the price of this product . In addition , the 48 oz container lasts us several months , even with three dogs having it twice per day .
 This product is great for dogs that have a delicate stomach or when transitioning your dog to a new food source . I used this product to transition my dog from kibble to raw turkey meat since the enzymes help in the digestive process . Now that my dog eats raw , we still use this product to help her gain vital ingredients such as vitamins , etc. . to supplement her diet . Just make sure you mix this product inside the food since sprinkling it just on the food makes it less palpable to your dog . Works very well .
 My Bulldog loves this toy . I ca n't find them at the Pet Stores any more . Nylabone chew toys have always been my first choice when I buy dog toys .
 Our dog goes absolutely nuts for these . He will chew on them for hours and hours . Yes , eventually they do break down , but all it takes is watching him while he chews and disposing of the chunks . The scent is far better than most rubber toys for dogs , and the best feature by far is the lack of a squeaker . I was very sad when our local pet store stopped carrying these , thank goodness for Amazon .
 My two dogs have been addicted to theNylabone Dura Chew Bonesfor quite a while . I have ordered them multiple times , and try to always keep two or three available to them at all times.HOWEVER , I decided to try this Rhino Bone as a special little present for them . Not only do they love it , but the obnoxious `` dog chewing on a bone '' sound is completely eliminated . No matter how much they gnaw on this bone , they do not damage it or make a peep.I wo n't say it completely replaces the standard bones , but it sure is nice when they pick up this bone to chew on . After all , should n't every dog be spoiled with a little chew toy variety ? ; - -RRB-
 It takes about a year for my mastiffs to go through one of these souper bones . Have had them in the past and they last a long time . I have puppy and an adult mastiff . The adult chews on these just as much as the puppy .
 I bought this in 2006 for our Golden who had trashed every `` indestructable '' toy she 'd ever had in under 4 hours . It 's 2013 and `` Pinkie '' is a bit ragged on the ends , but has stood up to hundreds of hours of abuse . It 's her # 1 accessory ; anytime someone comes to the house she runs to find it so she can show it off .
 my dog &#8203; &#8203; loves it , is her favorite toy , and I received it very quickly , wonderful and beatiful toy , the best gift for my dog
 Our two cattle dog pups have chewed on this for 8 months and it 's just now starting to break apart . They have chewed through so many other toys so I can attest this is a great product for the right dog . It 's durable for a 30lb dog . Those people rating this product as a one did n't read the part that says not good for aggressive chewers . I you have a large dog with powerful jaws , any rubber toy will be toast . Know your dog and know what toys work for them . This is a five star toy for my dogs which are a year old now . If your dog can snap through meat bones then this is probably not a good toy . If your dog is more chewer than chomper then this toy rocks .
 My dog LOVES these bones !! He can sit for hours and chew on them ! It 's a good strong material so he does n't completely destroy it within hours -LRB- he 's a pit bull so he 's got a very strong jaw -RRB- . This toy can usually last for a few months so its definitely worth the price as you end up getting your money 's worth out of it .
 We bought this bone to replace one like it we bought at PetsMart about 2 1/2 years ago . Our dachshund mix who is very playful will gnaw on it , but most of all he wants us to grab one slobbery end of the bone and play tug of war with him . We do that many times every day . Finally after nearly 2 1/2 years , little pieces were coming off so we had to replace it.We took this new bone out of the package and tossed it to him and he took to it like it was the same bone . It is nearly indestructible and the best toy we have found for our dog .
 my dog will and has chewed every thing up i purchase . except this one . He chews and chews and it lasts . and he loves it . Its his bone bone . He brings it to bed and chew on its . For what ever reason dogs chew . These last about 4 times as long as the cheaper ones do . your dog will love it ... : -RRB-
 This is n't my dog 's favorite chew toy , but it is definitely a good choice for a strong chewer . My dog will generally go for this one during the interim when I 'm forced to throw his favorite Nylabone out and order a new one . It is similar to the Kong products .
 The nylabone I have for my yellow lab has lasted almost a year . He loves it and chews it every day without tearing it apart . A very durable product .
 My boy boxer literally was chewing off the metal bars on his cage . He was tearing up every toy we gave to him . He has had this chew toy for over 2 years now and has not bit of any of the rubber . There is one end that has a little abrasion , but nothing major . It stays in his cage with him all day while we are at work and he chews on it at night . We throw it for him and he fetches it . I would recommend it for anyone . There is also a black super tuff one that a friend of mine had for his pit bull . The pit bull could chew through anything . Even the other toys at the pet store that said they could not be chewed . She chewed them up . But not the nylabone rhino .
 I ordered two of two of these bowls for my new puppy . It does n't spill and keeps long ears out !
 I originally got this as a travel dish but I 've found it the most useful at home . My little dogs outside water bowl seemed to attract other animals and our neighbors pets onto my porch to drink out of their bowl . I did n't like the idea of strange animals leaving their germs behind in my dogs water dish , but I also did n't want to leave them out with no water so I 've been having to dump the water daily and refill it each morning . When this dish arrived , I had a brain storm to fill it with water and when we go in for the night , I stand it on end and wedge it between our patio table legs . Works like a charm !! No more strays on my porch now that they know they ca n't get water from it ! Thank you ! I love this water dish !!!!
 I train all my pups to drink out of these from a very early age . They do n't spill , stay clean , and are great to keep in kennels , cars , or those places in the kitchen where visitors seem to bump and spill the water bowl . This is a great solution .
 This is a great water bowl for your dog ! So easy to just pick up and go , and no worry about splashing .
 Bought this item for use in a cross country trip with our dog . Worked exactly as advertised . Did n't spill a drop of water . Our dog found it easy to drink from even with her big muzzle . To get a good water flow we found that you had to put a little pressure on the non drinking side -LRB- as they advertised -RRB- . Good quality . Priced at half the cost at Petsmart !
 Absolutely love this product ! Dogs at the dog park surround me to drink from this and owners always ask where I got it.PROS
 Was n't sure our bulldog would like this bowl - but she went right to it and slurps away . It does n't spill , we use it on the road so she can have a drink while riding in the car , or relaxing on the seat after the dog park . Very pleased .
 i am 100 % pleased with this bowl . i drive a semi and this bowl works exactly as advertised . i have not had a drop of water spill or splash from this bowl and my bichon easily drinks from this bowl . absolutely pleasantly surprised at how well this bowl contains water in a moving semi truck . this bowl is worth every penny .
 We ordered this to use inside our camper for our 45 lb . Standard Poodle . We wanted a water dish that would not tip over and that would hold enough water . At times when we are camping our dog stays in the camper while we may go in to town to shop or sight see and this has worked out great . There is no spillage or dripping of water . It is portable and easy to use while traveling in the car as well .
 I bought the Waterboy when I needed to make a long-distance drive with my two dogs . I had tried several other products before this one so I was a definite skeptic . -LRB- Plus , the darn thing looks unusual if not somewhat silly . -RRB- The Waterboy has far outperformed my expectations and has proven to be more than worth the price . It just does n't splash and my car travels some rough roads . Had it stayed in my car the whole time , it would still be worth it . But my dogs took to it so well that I made it the permanent waterbowl in my home . This was largely out of necessity , mind you ; my Aussie loves to paw at open water bowls which creates a watery mess . With the Waterboy , this problem is eliminated.So yes , it is portable but I 'm getting a second one to have permanently at home and in the car . This is probably my most prized pet product of all time.One caveat
 I now own 3 Lixit Waterboys . The first two work as advertised , almost like magic . No splashes , no spills , even in a joltin ' Jeep Wrangler . I use the second one upstairs as a `` carpet-friendly '' water bowl so that my aging mutt does n't have to navigate the stairs just to have a drink.Today I bought a third one for the RV . The third one does n't work at all . It leaks , splashes , and spills like crazy . It 's just as bad a standard dog bowl . As near as I can tell , the problem is that the O-ring between the `` jug '' and the `` cup '' is loose / too large and is n't providing the seal needed for the no-splash mojo . I 'll be returning it tomorrow . The two that work both have a snug O-ring , so I now know to look for that when buying a Waterboy.I 'm surprised that Lixit does n't have better quality control for this clever product , given the well-deserved positive reputation of the Lixit faucet dog waterer . Especially considering that it 's $ 10 - $ 15 for a plastic jug , cup , and O-ring . It is far too easy to cross-thread the cup on the jug , which could also lead to the Waterboy not working correctly ; I have always been careful to avoid cross-threading the cup , but it requires full attention to avoid it .
 We love the Water Boy water dish.No longer constantly mopping up after our dog drinks . We have given one to our daughter for her dog and she loves it.We are buying more for other family dogs and want a spare for us when the summer comes , heard you can fill half way and freeze so it 's ready for a hot day or just a hike through the park .
 I 'm purchasing one for everyone in my family with a dog , Water boy is extremely convenient - how many times have you hunted down a bowl , so you could water your animals while traveling ?! This is super convenient , easy to clean and use - I think this is a great idea ! My dog loves it too !!
 This item is the greatest water dish ever !!! I have bought 10 + by now . I have given them to my kids , friends , any one I can think of , with dogs . I should probably invest in this company . I travel EVERYWHERE with a service dog , and whether it is in the car , or the motorcycle sidecar , my dog -LRB- s -RRB- ALWAYS have water . This is also a rugged , sturdy dish & I have NEVER experienced a spill . Thank you to the designer of this water dish .
 We started with one ... got a second one and this is the third ... for whatever reason our dogs like drinking out of this style dog water bowl best , and we like it becase it does n't spill ! Works great in a moving vehicle and holds alot of water for in the home . One thing - make sure that you SECURELY screw the top in , because if it is not done very tightly , it will leak . Other than that , it is wonderful and works better than any bowl we have tried !
 I love this product . Not only is it great for travel without spills , both my 40 lb . dog and my 80 lb . dog prefer it to larger water pans . The water seems to stay fresher . I bought a second one so I can have one in the house and one in the car .
 This water bowl is amazing . Our puppy was flipping every other bowl we tried . It 's great in a crate , on the floor and even for traveling ... if you have a dog , get one of these .
 My neighbor & I walk two miles with our dogs every day . Our dogs both love the Water Boy . It holds enough water for both of them and the handle makes it easy to carry . It 's easy to know when the dogs are thirsty too , because as we are walking , they 'll try and drink out if it while it 's being carried upright and we know to stop and lay it flat for them . The removable blue `` bowl '' makes it easy to fill with ice cubes . It can take a second to get it threaded when screwing it back on if you try to do it while it 's standing up , but it 's much easier if you lie it down flat .
 What a great product ! I have a Service Dog and can take this bowl anywhere and not worry about a mess . Only downside is that the resevoir takes a little time to fill . It doesnt fill as fast as my Rottie drinks . But I bet that it would keep up with smaller dogs . Well made product and good fitting seal .
 Everyone at the dog park loves this bowl and several people ordered their own . All of the dogs enjoy drinking out of it but ca n't splash in it . My dog drinks from it at home , too , and tries to empty it ... but it keeps refilling to about an inch . I can freeze some of it then top it off on hot days .
 The dogs are getting used to it . It will make it easier to take water for them on our trips .
 Initially I did n't like the lack of water in the bowl , but this item makes giving your dog water while driving an easy task . We used this on a recent cross country drive , and now my dog prefers it inside the home as well . Easy to fill too . I really like this bowl !
 Great to have a large capacity water container that is made to minimize spills . Good for travel and kennel recommend to all who travel .
 It seems to be just wht I needed . . Have n't had a chance to use it in the car yet but I did let them try it in thehouse and they did use it . So I 'm really satisfied with it . Thank you very much . .
 Dogs appreciate . One of those &#34; must have &#34; items if you are going to be traveling any length of time with your pets ! Keep rest of vehicle and your lap dry !
 This travel bowl is wonderful . It really is spillproof , which made our recent car trip lovely . Our puppy likes it quite a bit .
 This was better than expected . And my picky dogs love it too ! It is easy to carry on our camping trips and off road expeditions and does not spill . Absolutely thrilled with this ! Wish they made a slightly bigger one so we could carry a little more water but this is great !
 This is a great product especially when travelling . Water stays fresh and clean and does not spill out or make a mess when the dogs drink from it . I have two - one for inside and one for outside .
 Works great in camper and in the middle of my family room floor . She a sixty pound border collie mix and has no problems with it . No wet spots across the floor . Nice find .
 I have 2 very active 3 year old cats . We had tried everything to keep them from knocking over their water dish . My husband found this at the local pet store while roaming the aisles for a water dish alternative . It is their daily dish and we have no more spills . It is the perfect size for their faces and they ca n't step on it and tip it over . We love it and are buying another !
 I have two Boston Terriers and the older 3yr + is around 30lbs and the youngest is 1yr + 13lbs . Since the bowl automatically fills up to below the half medium line , my puppies have to get their heads in but the bulging eyes get touched by the bowl edges .
 Works good , but ca n't stand it up because gasket does n't seem to work against leakage , from the beginning . However , my dog uses it just about every time we go somewhere , so it 's always laying down and in use .
 Very practical for our pooch on board our sailboat . Even in a stiff breeze heeling the water wo n't spill . Ca n't think of a better design .
 We travel a lot with our dogs so when I saw this , thought it was a great idea , and I was right . Fill these up before your drive and very convenient watering for your pets . You can even use them while driving . When we arrive and go into our RV , these are perfect inside , too , for keeping water off the floor if your doggies are a little ` drippy ' .
 I purchased prior to moving 900 miles with 2 dogs in the back of a VW Jetta Sportwagen . No spills and adequate water for 2 for what turned into a 2 day drive -LRB- when refilled at rest stops -RRB- . Since then has been used for any pooch accompanied trip with continued excellent result .
 I absolutely love this product . It is so easy to carry around when traveling with the dog and the spill-free design makes it easy to have drinkable water readily available .
 I love this waterer ! I carry this in the rear space of my Escape and the dogs always have access to fresh water . I 've never had it spill from driving or the dogs . It 's a great travel accessory .
 Water Boy 3 Quart Portable Water BowlThis water bowl is perfect to take in the car , to trials and dog shows or to class . It is very difficult to spill and even then it is only a small amount instead of the entire bowl . We have found it to be the best way to carry water with us for our dog .
 LOVE IT ! No other way to describe that . Made of plastic and after the initial day of showing my dogs how to use this they have it down ! Easy clean up and pretty durable so far . I have one outside and one inside and it does help control the mess from them drinking water .
 We travel with our dogs weekly and they kept spilling the water bowls we had in the car , so we were looking for something better . We purchased the Waterboy and the design is great and is perfect for the car . We just did a week long trip and the water stayed in the bowl the whole time . Very portable even when filled . It 's the only bowl the dogs needed the whole time .
 We bought one of these for travel and when the vacation was over we had placed it in the kitchen to keep pets from slopping water all over . All the pets love it and fight over it and when we refill it is the bowl they wait to drink out of . Looking to purchase more for this reason . They are a little bit of a pain to clean out , but I use warm water and dental tablets and then rinse well .
 This item is fantastic ! No water on the floor , no puppy in the water . It is easily lifted , holds a good amount of water . When finished with puppyhood this item will be great for travel or on the boat . No Spills .
 OMG this thing is the best ! I have a service dog in training , and she absolutly loves her waterboy ! Since it is the middle of summer I fill this sucker up with ice and its good all day ! Every one always asks about it , and I have been sending everyone your way !! I love this product , buying one more now for the office !!!
 This portable spill proof water dish is just what we needed with our family always on the go and our puppy comes too . It is indeed spill proof as long as it is n't stepped on ...
 This is a perfect water bowl.We bought it for our dog when we travel.It is perfect in a kennel because it can not be knocked over and create a mess inside the kennel.You know how the baggage handlers at the airports handle the baggage !!! Even at home it is perfect - no risk of knocking it over and soaking the carpet.When we travel in the car - same thing - we leave in the backseat with the dog and no mess.This was a great buy and we are very happy with it .
 We and the dogs love this travel water bowl ! . We can keep it filled with water standing up in the car while we drive and have a ready dish of water at pit stops . No spilling ! What I love is the relatively small bowl , so our hairy Havanese ca n't drag their ears and beards in the water when they drink . It 's great for outside as the water does n't evaporate away like it does in an open bowl.We bought two , one for the travel trailer and one for home . Like them so much , we use one in the house and one outside and will just take one along when we travel . No more water trails across the floors or soggy faces after drinking .
 I have had this for a month and used it at least ten times , works great at the beach and for camping trips . I can fill it with ice and just add water up to the fill line . Must remain upright in order not to leak , but carries a good amount of water for a full day at the beach .
 When you use the product as the instructions state , it works great . I 'm a dog walker and have been using a WaterBoy for 2 years now and love it as do all the dogs that I walk . You are supposed to lay the product flat and not turn it end over end . The low profile design prevents the product from spilling even on VERY rough roads . If used properly like the instructions say -LRB- its kinda fool-proof and fairly straight forward -RRB- , it does n't spill or flip over . Some people on here think you have to stand it up while driving but just lay it flat and it works ! Several clients of mine have already bought this product and they love it too .
 I just purchased my fourth bowl - three for gifts . I have used this bowl for years with my large dogs and they love it . I leave it in the cargo area of the car where they ride so that they can drink whenever they wish . I do n't understand the previous review about the bowl tumbling over . Just lay it flat , let the water flow into the bowl and it does n't tip . The water level need n't be deep . As the dogs drink , more water flows into the bowl so that they have a constant supply . Also , it is easy to fill by tipping it while holding under the running faucet . Ca n't get much simpler than that .
 If you are a responsible dog owner who actually walks your dog , instead of keeping them penned up all day and not taking them for a walk to let them get their energy out , then this is a great product . So convenient to bring on dog walks . Does n't spill and when I have water in it at home and put it on the floor , all 4 dogs actually prefer to drink out of this rather than their dog bowls . If the lid does n't have a good seal , I 've found that putting the o-ring in the top rack of dishwasher will get it back to shape and make a tight seal . I highly recommend this for all you responsible dog owners that actually care about your dogs and walk them .
 Works great in the car and convenient for those parks that do n't provide water . Since I have two dogs , I do bring an extra bowl to pour some water into it . The Lixit opening is big enough for only one dog nose at a time .
 Works very well ! Now my lab no longer drips water all over the floor !!
 This is a great water bowl for white , double coated dogs ... . The litlle bit of water dispensed in the bowl enables them to drink without getting their muzzle totally wet . This keeps the muzzle cleaner . We have all seen those white dogs with the orange / brown muzzles ... wet is part of the problem . . both for staining and fungal Issues.The Water Boy must be kept clean like any water bowl , I use a bottle scrubber to get the arm clean and wash the rest of Water Boy like I would any other bowl or dog dish .
 Interesting complaints with the other two reviews . I am here to buy a few more as gifts for friends because it has worked so well for the past three years.The design principle is to have just a little water in the bottom . Might be too complicated for humans but our `` Arrow '' has no trouble drinking out of it . As Arrow drinks more water flows in but there is never a lot in the bowl that is why it does not throw water out when driving the car with sudden stops or tight turns no matter how full the container . Small but constant quantity minimized evaporizaton too.Refilling might also be too complicated for some but consider my methods . First , most of the time to refill hold the handle tilting the device at about 45 degrees and let the sink faucet just fill through the blue holes . By tilting the air comes out while the water goes in until it is full . Tilt back to level and the small water maintains for drinking . Second , periodically unscrew the blue lid and put a few drops of clorox in with water , slosh around a minute and rinse thoroughly . Screw the blue lid back on and refill as above.Everyone I show mine to wants to get one too . After years of NO PROBLEM use the other reviews here reflect more on the reviewer than this nice system that assures water in the car for you dog all the time . I also carry a reserve gallon of extra water for refills . Just pour into tilted Water Boy . Too Easy for Some ? ... in my humble opinion !
 I 'm on the road a lot , visiting relatives and friends , and my two dogs love going on road trips . I had one of these water bowls before but lost it somewhere ; so happy to have found it on-line , and for such a great price.I LOVE the flexibility of this traveling water bowl -- it holds a LOT of water so I do n't have to refill it often ; it does n't take up much room in the car ; and best of all , it REALLY DOES N'T SPILL !! I highly recommend this product !
 I am happy with this product and they are spill proof as stated . I would love to see a cover to make this product leak proof too ! If you lay the travel water bowl flat they do not spill , however they do spill if you place them in an upright position . I place these in the freezer and then take these to the fields to water the dogs while we are planting.My chocolate lab has no problem drinking from this product .
 I replaced my dog 's every day bowl with this waterboy and now this is all we have . Why ? Because when I would leave the house , my dog would knock her bowl over due to the anxiety she has being alone . It is impossible to knock this waterboy over because of its shape . It also holds tons of water so she rarely runs out.This is a great item .
 Great design . Good for days at the park with your pets .
 My new parakeet Peanut likes this toy . She 's still a little afraid of it but that 's normal . She 'll be ringing the bell in no time . : -RRB-
 My love bird , Josie , goes crazy for this toy . She flips the mirrors around and talks to herself for hours . She did destroy her first one but she 's so cute playing with it that I have to keep them in stock .
 My Red-Bellied parrot just goes nuts over this toy and the local pet store does n't carry enough . This is one of his longer-lasting toys . He uses it as a chew toy . I use a metal clasp to replace the plastic hanging hook that comes with the toy since that part does n't stand up to much chewing . The toy itself is sturdy plastic that stands up to a lot of chewing .
 Thanks for getting this item out so fast for me ! it is exactly what I expected , and came sooner than I thought it would !
 For previous reviewer , please note that the product details are for a 12 can case of 13 ounce cans . This product was recommended by my fabulous trusted vet of 30 years for my 15 year old cocker-poo , Buster . Buster chows down happily , prefers the chicken to beef , whatever -- he 's a trim and active dog even at this late stage of his life , and I am sure the ` mature dog ' formula helps . People are surprised to hear that he is 15 years old , and comment that he looks very fit for an older dog . If I could change anything about the product I 'd have them substitute the corn for brown rice , I do have this resentment to corn filler in so many products , but do n't let me get going on my environmental/agribusiness rant . It 's good stuff , very reasonably priced , and I do n't have to lug the cases up from my car since it is delivered to my door !
 This is the second sporn collar that I have purchased . Both my dog and I think the collar are great . The collars are sturdy and my dog appears to comfortable wearing the halter . It has certainly helped reduce the amount of pulling he does , which is a good thing .
 Everything we expected and more , the service was quick and it was exactly what we wanted . Thanks !
 -LSB- -LSB- ASIN : B0002ZJVFS Sporn Halter Red Medium -RSB- My 16 pound schnoodle -LRB- half schnauzer , half poodle -RRB- is aptly named Tiger because she is as strong as a tiger and I have tried many products to prevent her from pulling me down the street , giving me a sore arm as well . Some headgear helped briefly , but she hated them and spent most of her time trying to get them off instead of walking -- until I got the Sporn halter , which is perfection . She walks nicely at my side without pulling now and our walks together are a highlight of our time together . Sporn also makes a mesh harness and that works just as well . I must add that she was able to wiggle out of other brands of halters & harnesses before I even got out of the pet store , but not with the Sporn products . -RSB-
 This harness works great . My dog did pull a lot less when using it . He has sensitive skin , however , and it rubbed his arm pits raw . I had to switch to a different harness lined with fleece .
 These are GREAT ... esp . for dogs with joint problems -LRB- natural cartilege ... ? sp -RRB- , my three dogs -LRB- two rescues -RRB- LOVE them !!! A great value too .
 C-balance is an excellent product from a trusted hobbyist turned vendor Julian Sprung , this is also the best price available anywhere .
 One of the best 2 part additives available . Not too overpriced , but still includes some extra stuff besides pure sodium bicarbonate and calcium chloride . Also includes magnesium , of course . Which is nice , but so do most -LRB- if not all -RRB- commercial 2 part systems .
 I really like Two little fishies products and highly recommend this product and this seller .
 I used to buy this at Petco until they stopped carrying it . My Iguana loves it . It is the only pre-made food that she will eat . It is super easy to take with us when we travel or do n't have the time to give her fresh foods in the morning .
 This product makes an excellent SUPPLEMENTAL part of the diet of green and Cyclura iguanas . It does not replace a good natural diet of leafy greens like collards , mustard greens , turnip tops , dandelion greens plus other fresh veggies . My Cyclura iguana loves this stuff and I have it on the floor of his enclosure at all times . He eats his fresh stuff daily and seems to love this stuff as dessert . I would not free feed it to an iguana who shunned his greens .
 I bought this for my six year old iguana . She enjoys it and I have found that it really helps keep her regular . Of course , that means the cage needs to be cleaned more ... lol
 I was looking for something for my live breeder babies to hide in . This grass worked great . It stats weighed down but my river rock and looks great . I was expecting them to be slightly larger , there are 3 pieces , aproxamatly 2x3 inches . The mat can be put together many ways or completely seppqarated . Great look for a cheap price , i may order another .
 I purchased this product at a local fish store and have used it for over 1 year . I first placed these grass mats in a tank with several Tiger Barbs and Black Kuhli Loaches . Before adding the grass mats my Loaches were extremely shy and hardly ever visible in my tank despite having subdued lighting . After adding the grass mats my Loaches came to life . They thoroughly enjoy weaving their eel-like bodies in and out of the blades of grass as they `` play . '' These grass mats have given them confidence to come out and play and allow them to be more easily viewed while they are `` hiding . `` The grass mats are also a good substrate for algae growth and many of my algae eaters attach themselves to the blades to eat the green algae . In a well established aquarium these mats will grow a dark green algae that adds a nice contrast to the tank and makes it more realistic looking.It is important to remove these grass mats when you do gravel vacuuming since they do tend to promote the build up of pockets of debris within the gravel . After removing the grass mats they are very simple to `` re-install . '' I usually clear away some gravel from the area I intend to place the mats and set them down while dropping handfuls of gravel over the mat to help weigh it down . If you disturb the gravel over the grass mat it will settle and the blades will become visible again.All in all , these grass mats are a beautiful addition to any aquarium and are thoroughly enjoyed by many types of fish .
 Received this very quickly . I gave these plants to the person I gave my 55 gallon tank to , so am not really able to review this .
 I needed more places for the babies to hide when my platties gave birth . So far they have managed to not become food for the other fish . Some of the leaves were detached when I received it but they easily go back on . The plastic did n't seem to have sharp edges . I separated it into three pieces . I really liked the way it looked in the tank so I purchased another one .
 I bought these rootscapers for my turtle aquarium and they work great . They stay in place with my river stone -LRB- large -RRB- substrate which I was worried about . They are smaller than I expected , but I would purchase more if I felt I needed more in my tank . They look lovely !
 Not that my pet needs a lead , but it 's the law . It is working out really well . Has not been chewed through yet . : - -RRB-
 Love this item . It purifies my water 100 % . I should have bought 2 of them . lol . But the item does it 's job just the same
 it was exactly what I needed and it was shipped quickly . The price was also very reasonable , Cheaper than other sites
 We were looking for a bird feeder that would keep the squirrels from eating all the food . We had tried others , but the squirrels out here seemed to enjoy eating through the wire / plastic / wood . This one is perfect because of the design - the squirrels try to get at it , but it spins and tilts , knocking them off -LRB- we have it hung on a hook that projects a good 12 '' from the post on our deck -RRB- . Also , the way the panels are designed keeps the food in instead of dumping it on the ground when the squirrels spin and tilt it . Another plus is that the bigger birds -LRB- blue jays , crows , and yes , TURKEYS - they get on the deck railing to eat , but ca n't get to this one -RRB- ca n't use this one comfortably at all . We are very pleased with this bird feeder and plan on buying another .
 This is a great bird feeder . It is large enough to hold 5lbs . of feed , but not so big it bends the tree branch down . It is a very nice feeder and is made of high quality material . I am very happy with this feeder and so are the birds .
 I replaced a plastic bird feeder with this copper bird feeder . On the first day my smart squirrel figured out how to lift the lid -LRB- do n't ask me how the squirrel figured this one out -RRB- and get the seed out . I have had this feeder for about 2 months now , no more `` breaking and entering '' by the squirrel -LRB- s -RRB- and I love it ! Worth the money if you plan on long time devotion to feeding our feathered friends .
 Basically , this bird feeder is fairly priced , but its plastic construction , especially the clear plastic side panels , is likely to break easily . Small birds sit comfortably on the 4 small perches while feeding . However , large gray squirrels still manage to feed by hanging upside down from the dome . The small Douglas squirrels sit on one small perch and reach around around a corner to feed from another side opening . We will still need to invest in a squirrel baffle .
 Most of the little birds in our yard are bullied by a pair of nesting jays . This feeder works great in that vein as the jays just can not settle on the perches or get a purchase on the sides . After a couple of days of trying they gave up and the little guys are having a good time with the feeder . It is attractive to look at and holds the feed without spilling.The only irritant is that the lid is not the most secure , and winds will move it around and cause it to not fit correctly in the grooves . Not a big deal , but it does require one to align it every few days . All-in-all , an effective and attractive feeder .
 we now have three feeders and this feeder is their favorite . They can not knock the seeds out easily ... very pleased with the feeder ...
 Excelent construction , easy to load and the birds love it . Yes , I would buy it again . Durable material , great color .
 The bird feeder does the job it is purported to do efficiently and to date I have no problem with it although a squirrel proof shield may be advantageous as I suspect they 're capable of separating the cover from the body .
 Excellent quality . Attractive product . However when lifting the top to fill with seed the body of the feeder tips a spills seed .
 I purchased as a gift . Good construction . So far weather resistant -LRB- we 'll see as time progresses -RRB- . The Birds like it a lot . Especially when it is full of seeds .
 I just received my birdfeeder and was thrilled with it . It 's not only a beautiful piece but a sturdy one , as well . With our changing seasons and brutal winters , I have no doubt that this feeder will last where other plastic feeders have failed .
 At first the birds would n't come . It took a long time to discover the feeder . The squirrels do seem to stay away from it . We also have a squirrel guard , but that never stopped them before . So , maybe it 's doing the job . It 's very attractive , and we get many birds now .
 I love it ... it iws well worth the money . . My birds love it and it holds alot of food , . . Thank you
 Nice design with a large capacity for bird food . The perches are small enough to accommodate the birds but do not make it easy for the squirrels to hang on !
 These simple but strong feeders do hold a nice amount . They seem like they will last for years . Especially nice when full of food .
 This product , is smaller than I expected . . It is not a product that keeps squirrals out . . It is very heavy and is heard for the birds to even stay on it ...
 I have a problem with squirrels . I seem to feed the squirrels more than I do the birds . This bird feeder really is squirrel proof !! The top actually locks in place and the squirrels ca n't get it open . This is a beautiful bird feeder to hang on your patio or porch .
 Love this feeder ! Easy to fill , good capacity -LRB- fill it 2 to 3 times weekly -RRB- rather than every day , the birdslove it , squirrels too but ca n't wrap themselves around it -LRB- just reach from the tree trunk -RRB- they are hungry too and fun to watch !! It does swing and turn a bit but no problem so far - the birds do n't mind.Will be ordering a second feeder right away to replace a worn out one .
 This was ordered for Mother 's Day . I live away at college and would n't be able to make it into town for the holiday so I needed something I could ship without seeing and make sure it would arrive on time . It arrived with several days to spare and when I saw it , I could n't have been happier . I was worried , after looking at the price , that it would show up and look a little cheap , but it was better than I had imagined . It did n't say anywhere but it 's made out of metal , not plastic which looks great . The birds love it and my mom loves it hanging out of her kitchen window . It comes with a wire built in to hang off of a tree or pole .
 This is a beautiful bird feeder that is easy to fill , & is well made . The only thing I would change about it would be to make the metal rope that it hangs from adjustable in length -LRB- perhaps it is adjustable & I just have n't figured it out yet ! -RRB- Great product at a great price .
 Its been a few months and no squirrels yet , birds love it -- everything from song birds to woodpeckers .
 Well constructed , holds a lot of seed , good for the perching birds and the sparrows do n't like it . Clamping lid makes it easy to fill .
 i m very happy , nice bird feeder , good deal all around , fast deliverly , price was right , i like that it is made of metal , made to last a long time
 Purchased the Birdscape Tulip Garden Lantern feeder and it arrived as promised . Attractive feeder , but , only the little birds can use it . The larger birds , Cardinals , Jays etc. , ca n't land on the small perch . I have to use my old feeder for the larger birds . It could have been packed a lot better . Large box , 2 feeders , one piece of brown paper , and the feeders were pack very loose . One of the tops was bent but not enough to report the damage and go through that hassle .
 Feeder is good capacity and favorite with the birds in my yard . If I filled it full every day it would be empty every day !!! They love it and it is easy to fill .
 not as sturdy as it appears in the picture , and you have to take it down to fill it , as the top is on a string that holds the whole thing together , but the birds like it .
 Overall a very good item . Holds plenty of seed , however just as others , much of the seed falls to the ground as the birds are feeding . The only good thing there is that once the feeder 's empty , the birds fly down to clean up the rest .
 We -LRB- and the birds ! -RRB- like this one so much that we are getting another . This feeder has held up well -- it 's been in active use for 14 months . The birds love it ! We have tried several types of bird feeders over the years and this is so easy to fill . The squirrels have never outwitted it either . p.s. . We use this feeder exclusively with black oil sunflower seeds .
 My dog 's dermatatologist -LRB- allergy problems -RRB- prescribed Etiderm for his dry skin and it really helps him a lot . We use it twice a week , and it does help with the skin and coat . It 's expensive at your vet 's , but I 've found it online for half the price or more . Make sure you shop around !
 I found out about this product thru friends at an agility trial . Lately I had noticed that her shelties had a wonderful , soft , shiny , clean coat , and I asked her what she had been using . She told me it was Etiderm . I immediately bought a bottle thru Amazon , got it within a couple of days , and tried it on several of my dogs . It is GREAT ! I have been breeding , training and showing dogs for many years , and have tried many products . This is definitely my favorite , and I wo n't use anything else in the future .
 Excellent shampoo ordered and first purchased by our vet at $ 4 moreIt helped our bichon get rid of a bad skin dryness issue
 We bathe our dog once a week due to his severe skin allergies and this shampoo was recommended by his dermatology vet . It seems to provide him relief and reduce the skin flaking . It also has a nice smell .
 This product is excellent ... Especially if your dog suffers from dry skin and itching during the summer months . The delivery and order process was extremely reliable through this vendor .
 My 78 pd German shepherd was in major discomfort with dry skin . The vet left me with a 300 dollar options with multiple diagnosis . I devices to only try the topical solution which ws this shampoo . it cured 90 % of the problem . We are giving fish oil to try and help improve overall health of his coat ... excellent product with great results and smells great ...
 it 's nice to be able to order a product you know works wonders without having to go to the vet and get talked into something else or have them ask what is wrong i need the special medicated shampoo for the girls .
 Very good would highly recommend.Have used this for a year now and love the way the product really helps coat your dog or animals fur . My dog had dry skin before using this product . Now it is gone after the first few times using it .
 Great shampoo for dogs with problem skin . I purchased this item twice off amazon and it really helps my schnauzer 's problem skin . I wash her weekly and this shampoo is gentle but effective at reducing problem skin while not over-drying to skin . It was recommend by dermatology specialist . Will buy in the future !
 This is the best shampoo for our little Westie that has itchy skin . We like how it cleans her coat and it smells nice too .
 I really like this stuff , when my dogs get skin allergies at the start of summer -LRB- rash and irritation -RRB- it only takes one bath for it all to go away !
 I have a dog with bad enviromental allergies this is by far the best shampoo out of more than a dozen I have already tried . If used as directed , leaving on 5 to 10 minutes it works great and have even had to shampoo her less . Great product and great price on Amazon .
 We have five English bulldogs , which are extremely prone to skin problems . Over the years we have taken them to the veterinary dermatologist , who recommended Etiderm . This is a fantastic product . It is not like any other medicated shampoo . Etiderm produces a great lather and it smells terrific . Our boys smell good for at least a week after a bath , which is pretty amazing for a bulldog . Highly recommended .
 My dog has skin problems and this product has help greatly . Our vet recommend the product and I found it on Amazon for a much better price than from the vet or online vet supplies and meds web sites . I recommend it highly and the seller too .
 this is my favorite shampoo , better than Virbac 's Epi-soothe shampoo too . the smell is nice , it is very cleansing and helps normal and sensitive skin . you can use it very often and dont have the worry about it drying out skin . great price on amazon , much cheaper than at the vet . you wont be sorry for using this shampoo . leaving it on for 5-10 minutes in the tub to soak into the skin is great and it leaves fur super soft and shiny and helps out with my allergy prone pup .
 Absolutely a wonderful shampoo for dogs . Smells great and not like a medicine chest . Cuts down on the dermatitis and scratching ! We highly recommend .
 Excellent anti-bacterial no-tears shampoo for my sentitive-skin dog , recommended by a professor of veterinary medicine .
 My vet recommended this shampoo for my dog that is allergic to fleas and dust mites . It smells great , makes her fur so soft and helps alleviate her itching .
 Be sure to follow directions to get the best results ... a great shampoo ... and it smells just wonderful ... my dog is very happy and comfortable after his bath .
 This is the best product we have found to help our Golden Retriever who suffers from allergies.Without this shampoo he develops skin sores and suffers miserably.It does n't foam much though , so if you use it exclusively you go through it quite fast . We wash him first with another shampoo , rinse , and then wash him again with Etiderm to finish him off . It does the trick !
 Use this product often for my little dogs with ?? allergies . Who knows what causes the summer itching , but , this helps lots . Eventhis winter my littlel ones have bouts that need intervention . So the bath that solves the itching for weeks.Good shiny coat , no rebound problems .
 My older black retreiver has flaky and peeling skin . She had a thyroid condition and we use this shampoo . It really soothes and seems to help .
 I have a yellow lab and his water resistant hair has a very strong odor , and when he gets bathed it only makes his smell worse . My Aunt told me about Etiderm , she got it from her vet . I scrubbed my dog down with it and WOW was I shocked at how great he smelled after ! It got rid of that waxy coating , and also completely eliminated his dandruff . He has never been so soft . Definitely give this a try !
 I rescued my dog over three years ago . He was left at the pound , mostly likely because the owners were ' t prepared to deal with his `` issues '' . Extreme scratching made being around him annoying , until I discovered this shampoo . It has relieved much of the itch and cleared up some of the redness .
 We have two Labradors that apparently did n't like the moisture level in the new house , because by early November we had started calling them Itchy and Scratchy ! We started with moisturizing shampoos , then just conditioner , and then oils to no avail . Once it got to the point of Itchy chewing on his tail to the point of bleeding -LRB- poor guy ! -RRB- we called the vet who recommended Humilac . It worked within 24 hours of the first spray down ! Both the boys did great through the rest of the winter with twice weekly sprays from Humilac , and we have ordered more bottles to stock up for next winter .
 This is a tremendously strong leash . I have no doubt it will serve us and our Golden Retriever for many years to come .
 The leash works exactly as advertised . I am glad I ordered the 18 '' as opposed to the 12 '' leash as it is just the right size for my sometimes overly rambunctious lab on walks and this offers a close control over him .
 TOM Aquarium Flow Meter -LRB- measures 50gph to 250gph flow rate -RRB- Not many options out there for monitoring water flow -LRB- GPM -RRB- on aquarium filters ... this little gem is worth it 's weight in gold.Very inexpensive yet works as advertised .3 / 4 '' hose barb fittings on each end or if you remove these adapters you have 3/4 '' MPT -LRB- male pipe thread -RRB- to add your own fittings.I transitioned to 1/2 '' hose barbs due to my tubing sizing from my Marineland C-220 canister filter that feeds this flow meter.These are vital for monitoring flow rate for UV sterilizers ... that 's what I 'm doing.By adding a simple valve to the output you can control the flow rate to exactly what you need.I rate this item top notch for it price and performance.Easy to clean out also due to it 's screw off cap .
 Great interactive toy - even for my 17yr/5mth old . She especially liked the stick . Safe toy - just need to keep on eye on the feathers , though pretty secure .
 arrived quickly and as described . it will be a stocking stuffer for the cats on christmas day -LRB- unless they find it sooner ! -RRB-
 I have to top off my Nanocube periodically and this is a great product for treating tap water ... I 've never had trouble with my tank chemistry while using this , and it really does a great job of binding with the chlorine and other chemicals and making the water safe ...
 When I first started keeping goldfish , I mysteriously lost several fish . I know now I was making all kinds of mistakes common to amateurs . One mistake I made was to assume that all water treatments that claimed to make tap water safe would do the trick . After several of my kiddos died , I asked for help from the owner of my local pet store . This is not a Petco or a Petsmart , but a real mom-and-pop place . The owners really care about their animals.The store owner told me that years ago when he was first starting out , his fish kept dying . He had a water sample tested independently , and the tester advised him that our local tap water was the second worst water sample he had ever tested . The pet store owner advised me to use Amquel Plus along with NovAqua . Since I have been using these products , I have lost no fish . Since moving to a different place -LRB- one with better water quality , I am happy to report -RRB- , I have continued to use these products as they have been perfectly effective and reliable . During the move , in fact , my fantails became extremely stressed and began to show signs of `` popeye . '' I gave them an extra dose of the NovAqua along with a wee bit of aquarium salt , and their condition cleared up quickly.Take it from me
 keeps my water perfect and prevents viruses in my tank . which makes keeping and spending less on my tank enjoyable and improves the long life of my angelfish .
 This product has been excellent for dosing when performing water changes . Subsequent to its use we have found that our corals `` bloom '' as full as possible and appear to be at their healthiest . Even thought we produce R/O water using a high end filter with four cartridges including resin and deionization , adding this product to the R/O water when performing water changes seems to improve water quality.Also , when I look at my tank and see my corals are not looking as healthy as I would like , adding this product at the recommended doses produces immediate results and within ten minutes we see a substantial improvement in the look of our corals .
 Nova Aqua has other uses besides being an aquarium water conditioner . I use it to take the chlorine out of my swimming gear after water aerobics three days a week . Pop it in the washer with mild detergent and it helps keep the chlorine from fading your suit making them last a WHOLE LOT longer . :-RRB- I am sure it is also great for fish tanks .
 This is a good product at a good price . Some water conditioners include a measuring dropper or cup -LRB- which would have earned this a fifth star -RRB- but not necessary if you are experienced with aquariums .
 Been using this stuff for awhile now . Used to purchase it from a local store . But , I figured , if I was going to use it all the time for my tank , I might as well go large and get a gallon . The price on Amazon was amazing . The price I paid was less than the smaller bottle at a local store . And I got a whole gallon ... will definitely buy again . Will also check for other products I use for my tank . .
 I used this on my first pond set up and the fish responded almost instantly . It is also great for partial water changes , just as a precaution . Koi tend to perk up within a few minutes and go on as if nothing had bothered them . -LRB- I also use this in conjunction with Amquel -RRB-
 I use this at all my water changes and never lost a fish other than the occastional death here and there . I have a lot of chlorine in my water , so much that even my britta filer can barely remover the taste and smell but after I put this stuff in the water the chlorine smell goes away . While that is not scientific or proves anything as far as the fish goes it amazes me how a little bit of this stuff makes the water smell chlorine free.No complaints with this product as the fish are healthy , wather tests fine and decent price .
 We have 5 cats that are &#34; in house &#34; pets but we have 8 dogs that go out so we needed to protect the cats as well as the dogs . This product is both effective and reasonably priced ; a great bargain .
 I finally had to break down and get collars . This one is very good , breakaway , black , does not stink , and the cats do n't mind it at all . Yes , it works !
 My Chocolate Point Siamese thinks she has a necklace on now and goes around strutting like a kid with a new piece of jewelry . I like it because i do n't have to wory about her hanging herself when she is acting like a clown .
 Yes Virginia , there is a product that does precisely what it says . The day we put these collars on our three cats this spring they had ticks . After a month we have n't seen a single tick or flea ! What also surprised us was how quickly our cats adapted to having collars which they 'd never had before . We are thrilled since we had such a problem last year . The chemical must be potent and you do n't want to touch the collar for the first few days , but everyone seems happy now -- and so are we ! We 'll see how things go in the thick of the summer season but with any luck we 'll finally be able to put away the tweezers and alcohol !
 vivo en el campo y mis perros est&aacute;n en constante exposici&oacute;n a las plagas . Este ha sido el mejor producto que he encontrado para controlar las pulgas y garrapatas , no le produce ning&uacute;n tipo de alergia a los perros .
 The collar was easy to put on both of my cats . So far , it seems to be doing the job . I had been using Advantage , but it was getting too costly , and the cats hated having the stuff put on .
 Needed collars for the neighbors ' three cats and a fourth who arrived in our yard in June -LRB- guess that makes him mine -RRB- . While only one of the four comes in our house , the others seem to scratch and bite less since I put the collar on them . Still use a red flea comb weekly on the one who comes in the house , but only find one or two fleas . Will keep using this brand .
 very quick delivery , item appear as advertised , `` new '' , same merchandise I usually purchased at Vet 's for higher cost .
 This is n't the type that 's bad for pets . It works well & is economical too . I do n't leave them on the kitties 24/7 anyway ... just in case . I leave it on them around 8 hours a day for just a few days or just a couple days in a row continuous . When I take them off , I lay them around areas the cats usually sleep , & the fleas were gone . The breakaway feature is another plus.UPDATE : We have stray cats all over my neighborhood . They hang out on my porch , porch roof , fire escape , & all around the yard . Squirrels climb all over my building too.I could n't go outside in shorts without fleas jumping on me.So even though my cats do not go outside , they caught fleas . Using the collars the way I described above , the fleas were gone in about a week & did n't come back for a year . I left the collars laying around their sleeping areas for the past year.The fleas just came back this week so I 'm here to buy 2 more because they worked better & faster than anything else I tried .
 i asked what my vet recommended in lieu of drops and this was the only collar he 's recommend . found here for much less money than in stores and does n't smell chemically !
 This collar works . We use to pull as many as 12 ticks a day off our cat . We live on wetlands and the ticks thrive . This collar has saved our cat from all the pain and harm that ticks can inflict . I would recommend this product to anyone who has pets .
 Well , it is everything described in the description . My cats do n't suffer from fleas or ticks and fitting them with the collar was very easy .
 Does what it says
 We have six cats and four dogs , last year was a real pain controlling the fleas . We used many products and just could n't control them . I purchased this flea collar for the cats and I can say my sister combs them daily with a flea comb and she said that what ever fleas they had were near dead.Great product and the best thing is , it kills for up to six months and is cheap compared to buying drops for six cats that are costly . I 'd have to sell a kidney to take care of the fleas . LOL
 The service was excellent . Fast and accurate . Your prices are great . We take care of stray cats andthese work out perfectly because they are breakaway . Thank you .
 It was larger than what i expected , but it fits nicely in my tank . Does n't look like the picture , it actually has more `` stems '' .
 Looks Like real and absolutely compliments the aquarium colors . I love how such a small addition can make such a huge difference ! Recommended
 The order is exactly what I was expecting . The order arrived very quickly . They are the perfect size for my 6 gallon tank .
 the pellets were smaller than I thought they would be but still a good size for the fancy gold fish I have . I have noticed since purchasing this product a dramatic change in the vibrancy of my fishes scales as well . excellent product .
 This is the only food our parrots will eat . Our Blue and Gold Macaw and Congo African Grey were raised with it and refuse to eat any other food , besides treats . Our other two parrots had no trouble adjusting to this food when we got them . Glad to see it on Amazon , it 's hard to find in a small town .
 It was just what we wanted . No local pet stores are carrying this any longer . It was also much less than we had been paying locally .
 i am very happy with this product . will continue to purchase more from them
 Cage is HUGE ! I have two guinea pigs in it right now and it 's too huge for them . Could house a small rabbit very comfortably . Water bottle needs to be bigger . Its not an 8 ounce one , but 12 oz . is too small . Needs to be about 32 + oz . I was hoping that Super Pet would include one of their Igloo plastic houses , large size , but didnt . The bowl thats included should be ceramic , not plastic like it is . It was too flimsy and unproportional to a guinea pigs stature and size . I loved the food and bedding that came with it . The only thing that made this a 4 star vs. a 5 star was that the cage does not have adequate handles to attach the wire top to the plastic base . Also , no clear instructions were provided to attatch the handles that they did include . It says no tools needed ! HA ! I had to get wire cutters to be able to put this together , but only took about 5 minutes . Not bad . Worth the money and time spent . Also included a cute toy and accessories for the guinea pig to play with . Mine just love it ! Super pet needs to make some changes though before I would buy this again .
 I like that fact that the nylon lead is thick and strong . The only thing that can be bad is the clip-some collars do not have a ring large enough to clip the lead onto . Other than that it is a great to have .
 my dogs love these & it 's one of the few treats they can have because of their allergies
 This has become my pups nighttime chew . Just something to give them to wind down for the night and they love them . They are also a healthy product to give them that is made in the good USA . Thanks
 Our dog loves the sweet potato chewz and we feel much better that they are made in the USA rather than China as some other products we have bought were . We give her three or four a day and it is her favorite treat . The consistency of the fries is not always uniform . Some are a little dried out on the ends , but no big deal . We will keep buying them .
 We started our dog early on these for several reasons , one being that they were made in America ; another because she seems to have trouble with certain grains . We made our own for awhile , but it was too time-consuming . Between these chews and her Sam 's Yams green and clean treats , even though she is almost six years old , her teeth sparkle like they did when she was a puppy . Our vet even complimented us on keeping her teeth brushed -- like that 's gon na happen with a frisky Australian Shepherd . Sam 's Yams also sells a bigger whole yam slice which is equally tasty and good for a long chew instead of just a small treat , and a Chamomile soaked medium sized chew . However , the reviewer who said their dog would n't touch them is right . My daughter 's dog wo n't eat them . I think it 's a matter of the dog 's age when you started or if you have a dog who is hungry enough to not have the picky eater problem and is unwilling to try new things , since this was our dog 's treat from a puppy . Between this and Honest Kitchen for her regular food , our dog does not leave yellow spots in the grass or ever kill a plant . Good stuff . I make it a point to buy products made in America if they are available .
 I should say PENNY loves these treats ! They are very healthy and helpful . We use the Big Boyz treats as a signal it 's Quiet Time , and she stays quiet and out of the way during meals . Penny is a full size Labradoodle , and I should make it clear that the Big Boyz treats are not for small dogs . The Bichon fries are the correct size for smaller dogs .
 We have dogs with food allergies and these are some of the only snacks we can give them . They love them and the vet told us they are ok to give them , so we are very happy to have found them .
 Approved by my vet for my dog with food allergies . He loves the taste and the crunch . The fries are long , so I just break them into fourths .
 this is a great crate as I can pick it up easily and the dog sleeps in it every night . If he is upset about something it is his ` safe place ' to go . It has various zip sides and air vents so it is protective but also not opaque . It fits on the back seat of my small car . I am thinking of buying another one for the other dog .
 This lead is designed for an average-sized person with a large dog.HOWEVER -- I am an under average-sized 58-yr-old female
 Excellent service , fast shipping , superior product , and the price was a steal . I was n't able to find it for a lower price anywhere on the internet or in stores , and believe me , I looked ! Thanks for a great transaction . I will buy from KV Vet Supply again .
 Short kennel lead with heavy duty canvas type material and snap . Ideal for German Shepherd size dog or dogs that pull really hard and you want to keep them on a shorter lead . Not a good idea for dogs under thirty pounds as a general rule Good price and well made item .
 on most orders over $ 50 you get free UPS ground shipping and no tax - saves at least $ 5 . We 've ordered twice from KV and been completely satisfied both times , directly from their own website . Their double thickness nylon leads and collars are very heavy duty and high quality and even made in the USA ! You 'd expect to pay 2-3 times as much assuming you could even find the shorter `` traffic '' leads . These are much safer and more comfortable than wrapping a long lead around your poor hand . Also gives better control and looks neater . Unless you have a tall dog you got to keep tight up against your leg , I 'd suggest the 18 '' or even the 24 '' in shorter dogs . If you use a Haltie or similar devise you need additional length also .
 Solid , heavy duty lead with durable stitching , thick webbing , and long lasting clip . Really pleased with quality of this product .
 This product is super durable , which is great when you have a dog that loves to chew on your stuff ! Besides that I am pleased with all other aspects of the lead . It has a simple and functional design , the clip is very secure and I love that it will also swivel as needed .
 i just recently got this fleece pullover it was a great buy . But it was to big so i sent it back and contacted the company and they have responded saying to send it back and they would send me a small size but i have not gottin the smaller size or a response telling me that they got it .
 I have always raised my Chihuahuas on Puppy Science Diet Small bite from 6 weeks of age on until they are at least a year . The real tiny -LRB- toy -RRB- Chihuahuas under 2 pounds are kept on this their whold life . They love it and wo n't eat anything else . It is healthy and I recommend this to any and all dog owners and breeders .
 my dog has studdenly gotten scared of storms and i didnt want to give her a pill from the vet that knocks her out completely . So i decided to get this a try and it works ! within half an hour she is calm and mellow . it really seems to take the edge off ! And I love that it is a liquid , when she gets stressed out she wo n't take a pill . I an going to be buying in bulk next time !
 I use the shorter 12 '' lead as a means to attach my dog 's harness to the seat belt of the car when we travel by car.My husband likes the somewhat longer 24 '' leash when he walks the dog , particularly in crowded areas . My husband is not particularly tall , so it allows him to walk the dog in a relaxed manner , with the dog in an appropriate position without having to manage a lot of excess leash.We bought both , two 24 '' and one 12 '' . These leashes are of good quality . Their price was very reasonable and they were delivered very quickly.I would recommend the product and the company .
 I bought the 12 '' x 1 '' tab leash for my German Shepherd . This leash is great for obedience work , where I can work without a longer leash that gets tangled and in the way , But I can still give the dog a leash correction when I need to during obedience training . This leash is well constructed and durable .
 Traffic lead was exactly as described . Came quicker then expected . It was the perfect length for intended use . Only negative would be that it is very stiff .
 Solid , heavy duty lead with durable stitching , thick webbing , and long lasting clip . Really pleased with quality of this product .
 I use the shorter 12 '' lead as a means to attach my dog 's harness to the seat belt of the car when we travel by car.My husband likes the somewhat longer 24 '' leash when he walks the dog , particularly in crowded areas . My husband is not particularly tall , so it allows him to walk the dog in a relaxed manner , with the dog in an appropriate position without having to manage a lot of excess leash.We bought both , two 24 '' and one 12 '' . These leashes are of good quality . Their price was very reasonable and they were delivered very quickly.I would recommend the product and the company .
 Do n't be fooled by the cheap low price . This Traffic lead is tough , durable , it is simply great , and the perfect length for my golden retriever . It is more than I bargained for . I was shocked when I took it out of the box , I was expecting something of less quality.I would n't recommend the shorter leads for walking . I ordered the 24 '' and it is just right , any shorter and it would be inconvenient . But I 'm sure the shorter ones have their uses . This is great , do n't hesitate to buy this item if you want a low priced traffic lead of outstanding quality .
 I am a short female with two large rottweilers . They are well behaved so my four foot leashes were still too long as we were always tripping on it or I had to wad them up which made it look like they were not as well behaved as they truly are . The 24 '' leashes are the perfect length because the leashes are still loose but not tripping us up on the ground .
 Solid , heavy duty lead with durable stitching , thick webbing , and long lasting clip . Really pleased with quality of this product .
 It is the BEST for my dog 's ear ssince she always have ears infections long time so this is the best !
 I 've ordered this product before from various sellers and had no problems , but last time I ordered from Pet RX and only received a 4oz . bottle when I had paid for a 16 oz . Contacted seller twice and still no response .
 This is a great product for walking your dog in the evening . It 's handy , the light is just enough to show the way . One of my dogs , however , loves to chase lights -LRB- especially laser lights -RRB- , so I ca n't use it for my Cairn terrier , but my Jack Russell has no problems .
 I bought these as a gift for my niece who has two large dogs . I was not sure how durable they would be but do n't let the cartoon dog looks fool you ! They help up well with as good light for the night time walks ! Stronger than they look !
 Super idea ! I only wish the lead was longer , like the regular one I use during the day ! Very pleased with the purchase though !
 I bought this item as a present . It comes in very handy on night dog walks . Seller was quick and items came in a timely matter .
 This product is sure to bring a smile to every dog-lover 's face!It was purchased as a gift , but so cute that I almost kept it myself.Fun and fuctional - way to go !
 It is handy to have the flash light when my walks turn into marathons into the night . I wish it was a little brighter or perhaps LED . the leash retracts with no problems and works great .
 He loves all flavors . He is a picky eater and now wo n't eat his kibble without my grating some it . Also his coat has improved and allergies have subsided .
 Freeze dried liver has a hypnotic effect on dogs . They LOVE it and will do just about anything for it , so it is a great treat to use for training . -LRB- Powdered freeze dried liver is even added to many dog medicines nowadays -- heartworm and arthritis tablets , etc. -- because it causes the dog to scarf the medicine down like a treat . -RRB- Freeze dried liver has a dry , hard , yet powdery/easy to chew consistency . It comes chopped/cubed . It is extremely lightweight due to the fact there is so little moisture in the product -LRB- thus the low weights on product labels -RRB- . Even though your dog will love liver treats , you should n't overfeed it . The manufacturer recommends 1-2 cubes daily for small dogs , 2-3 cubes for medium dogs , and 3-4 cubes for large dogs.The largest package sizes of liver treats tend to be far more economical . I recommend buying the larger tubs , as you will save lots of money , you 'll have a handy treat supply around for a longer time , and your dog will never tire of this product.There is really zero waste with this product . When you near the end of the tub you 'll find some powdery bits of dried liver at the bottom . Your dogs will go CRAZY if you sprinkle this dust over their dog food -- it 's a wonderful reward that is easy to use.I 'm not sure you need the `` center cut '' round style -- my dogs do n't care what the treat looks like , and all of this company 's products are equally good . ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ Here 's the nutritional analysis : -100 % freeze dried liver-NO additives or preservatives.-Crude protein ... . not less than 50 % - Crude fat ... . not less than 5 % - Crude fiber ... . not more than 3 % - Moisture ... . not more than 6 %
 Freeze dried liver has a hypnotic effect on dogs . They LOVE it and will do just about anything for it , so it is a great treat to use for training . -LRB- Powdered freeze dried liver is even added to many dog medicines nowadays -- heartworm and arthritis tablets , etc. -- because it causes the dog to scarf the medicine down like a treat . -RRB- Freeze dried liver has a dry , hard , yet powdery/easy to chew consistency . It comes chopped/cubed . It is extremely lightweight due to the fact there is so little moisture in the product -LRB- thus the low weights on product labels -RRB- . Even though your dog will love liver treats , you should n't overfeed it . The manufacturer recommends 1-2 cubes daily for small dogs , 2-3 cubes for medium dogs , and 3-4 cubes for large dogs.The largest package sizes of liver treats tend to be far more economical . I recommend buying the larger tubs , as you will save lots of money , you 'll have a handy treat supply around for a longer time , and your dog will never tire of this product.There is really zero waste with this product . When you near the end of the tub you 'll find some powdery bits of dried liver at the bottom . Your dogs will go CRAZY if you sprinkle this dust over their dog food -- it 's a wonderful reward that is easy to use.I 'm not sure that you need the `` center cut '' version -- all are great . ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ Here 's the nutritional analysis : -100 % freeze dried liver-NO additives or preservatives.-Crude protein ... . not less than 50 % - Crude fat ... . not less than 5 % - Crude fiber ... . not more than 3 % - Moisture ... . not more than 6 %
 I recently purchased this for my daughter . She is adopting a puppymill rescue 5 month old Chion -LRB- Pappillion chihuahua mix -RRB- . The pup has not used it now , she is in route to pick her up 2 states away.What I 've noticed with this type of cage are the following :1 . I would not suggest this type for flight or airlines . I do not trust those clips on the side . Do you see the gray clips on the side ? You lay the unit together , placing the door in the holes and once that is together , you slide those clips into place . I have this same in a gray for my dog here at home , when he is sick I have to kennel him.As you slide those in they do lock , however I do not trust plastic clips to hold a cage to keep my animal safe from either 1 . being dropped out if they fail or 2 . a bird in case it opens and the bird can fly away . I also have a small blue unit made by another company.If and when I carry an animal in this , I would support the bottom . I have seen people come into the vets office with these holding their cats , kittens or puppies and I cringe thinking that it might pop open . I am not saying that they have or that I have knowledge either way , but to me , it 's not made strong enough to do that.I also have the more expensive kennels which are fastened with screws and nuts . That is the type that I have flown my Toy Manchester Terrier mix from El Paso to South Korea in 1986 . The plastic is a thicker gage and it contains metal to hold it together . I had faith in those and will carry those by the handles , but always with care.If you are after color and a carrier that you can use to house your animal when you are away , I highly suggest this one because it will serve your purpose.I hope that has be clear enough and helpful to you.Thanks for taking the time to read this .
 Good price and good value . Carrier is approved for airlines and is large enough for a medium sized cat or small dog .
 I do n't know why people have said the Medium Pink PET Carrier is hard to assemble . I put it together on less than -LRB- 5 -RRB- minutes . MY 20 pound cat had plenty of space to move around . It was big enough for her , and small enough for me to carry it easily.I highly recommend the item to anyone . It 's adorable and functional too ! . -LSB- -LSB- ASIN : B000HHQ5KU Medium Pink Kennel Cab Pet Carrier - 23 x 15.2 x 11.84 inches -RSB- .
 I needed a carrier that would fit both of my cats if needed . One is huge and the other pretty small and this is a perfect fit.The clamps on the side are n't as secure as I would like . I would n't take them on a flight in it the way it is now . Going to steal an idea I saw in another review and get something to tie around the outside to keep them from shifting out of place.The assembly was n't difficult but I would n't want to break it down to store it somewhere . Do n't really need to as it is pretty compact and easy to store . It fits in the car much more securely than a bulkier carrier that I had . One of the cats hates car rides and being able to keep this carrier in the front seat facing me makes it easy to keep him calm.The storage space at the top is nice but the food/water dish inside it is pretty crappy . I tossed it and bought some of those collapsible travel pet dishes to put in there instead.Kind of like this one . -LSB- ... -RSB- It 's stylish and can take a beating and I 'll probably stick with this brand of carriers .
 This carrier is a great carrier for the price ! We have two of these , one for each of our 5lb + Yorkies!It 's easy to put together , sturdy and not too heavy.It has a handle that makes it easy for transporting and for securing the carrier in the car . I like the compartment at the top where I can put a few treats and it 's a nice size!This is where our two dogs sleep and they both love this carrier !
 I bought this for my female Pomeranian and would buy it again . . . . pretty and sturdy . No complaints at all . . .
 I purchased this `` medium '' sized kennel because I recently adopted a 4 year old Cairn Terrier and was borrowing a friend 's pet porter -LRB- which was a `` small '' kennel cab -RRB- . I was hoping this one would be a little bit bigger because the dimensions were bigger than the one I was borrowing ; needless to say , I was a tad disappointed when it turned out to be the exact same size . It might be because the walls jut out and the floor/ceiling are tapered in , but they really need to give more accurate dimensions . My dog is about 14 pounds , so she fits just fine - I was just hoping she 'd get a little more room out of this one . -LSB- Do n't let this discourage you , though . She still has ample room to sleep , curl up , etc. -RRB- Negativity aside , this kennel is fantastic . It 's very sturdy and the color is fabulous ! :-RRB- I 've received many compliments -LRB- mostly because the kennel cabs in stores are totally boring colors -RRB- . So , all in all , I would definitely recommend this particular kennel !
 very pleased with this product and transaction . Received it fast and item was just as described .
 This is n't SUPER sturdy , but it does the job . It is very very cute though and I would n't call it FLIMSY because I did n't think it was . It was sturdy , but not like some of the more expensive dresses . I used this on a baby Cocker Spaniel .
 We bought this for our Cockatoo bird , love the color . Very light weight good fo kitten and or small small dog .
 Sturdy Carrier . Color is like that of picture . perfect size for a full grown cat . Room to turn around and sleep in . Enough room for my cat to relax in on the way to the vet . Light pink top separates from dark pink bottom and they nest together for easy storage . Have not had any problems like other reviewers for carriers with their animals succeeding on figuring out how to open the door and get out . You need to apply pressure to get the door open .
 I originally ordered the smaller version of this carrier for my new toy maltese puppy ... She should be 5 pounds at the most when full grown ... although it was a good size for a toy puppy , it just seemed too small for her to grow in to . As a result , I ordered this slightly larger carrier instead . It was delivered very quickly from Amazon ... I am very happy with my deciesion to order the medium size . It is the perfect size for crate training a puppy , but still big enough for her to have a little room when full grown . I absolutely love the two tone pink color scheme ... it 's perfect for a small girl dog ! The only reason I gave it 4 stars instead of 5 is because the plastic seems to be a little more flimsy than other crates I have seen . With that aside , I think it will be perfectly fine for containing a small dog . The seat belt slot at the top is perfect for strapping the carrier down while traveling in the car ... it assembles very easily -LRB- would n't reccommend it for airline travel though because it does snap apart almost too easily ... i would be worried it could be taken apart way too quickly by a complete stranger , allowing your dog to escape ... would reccommend a carrier with a screw in top for airline travel instead just to be on the more secure/safe side -RRB- . Overall , this crate is cute and fuctional . Perfect for the girly girl with the purpose of containing and crate training a small dog !
 This is a very sturdy and easy to put together pet carrier . My kitten loves to nap in it and is very comfortable riding in the car in it . Very good product and great price to go with it . Thanks . Cindy
 I got this carrier because it was stylish and inexpensive for my new little puppy . Even though she 's small I got the medium so she has extra space . It 's perfect , not too big to tote around and fits fine in the backseat of my convertible . The puppy loves it , and she 's spoiled rotten haha . I put her in it to travel and she uses it as her bed at home . Sometimes she crawls right in and cuddles fast asleep , not wanting to be disturbed . And the compartment on top is small , bit can fit a rolled up leash and small harness . I love this case and my puppy too !
 It is perfict for my dog she is about 17 pounds . Looks exactly like picture . It is really easy to put together , takes less the 5 min . The only problem I had with it was that once one of the snaps to keep the top and bottom together came loose . I did not notice until I came home and my dog was jumping at my feet -LRB- not in the kennel where I had left her -RRB- . It was an easy fix . I just had to take it apart and put it back together . It has not happend again .
 Love the carrier and its color . None of the stores in my area carried one like this . Even with shipping I am better of with this product . Thanks ! I can highly recommend this pet carrier !
 We purchased a second because we were so pleased with the first ! Our kittens nap in them daily as they provide a greater sense of security than that of their kitty beds and other pieces of furniture . The medium-sized kennel cab provides ample room to transport two cats ... each has plenty of room to travel in comfort ! The kennel cabs are quickly assembled and disassembled , as needed . Clean-up is a breeze . I highly recommend this product to all cat folks ; and , the pink color is a plus for all `` Little Ladies '' !
 Recieved item as described and in a timely fashion . I am well pleased with the merchandise and service /
 Just what my little girl needed for trips in the car . Thank you for the pink option . I wish you had the same item in larger sizes . Also in blue .
 I Love this pink kennel I purchased for my kittie-already took her to the vet in it and it worked great !!
 I was just looking for a simple carrier and this one is just right . It comes in two pieces and you just snap the top and bottom halves together . I 'm using it for my cat . She 's not a big cat so she has plenty of room in this carrier to move around .
 I noticed that some other reviewers were displeased to find out that the measurements were n't what they expected . However , almost ALL kennels taper to varying degrees and is n't it common knowledge that measurements are taken at the widest/longest/highest point of whatever is being measured?We 're getting a new miniature dachshund puppy soon and I spent several days going back and forth trying to decide between the small and the medium size . It 's important to get a kennel large enough for your dog to turn around in once it is full grown , but you do n't want it so large -LRB- especially if you plan to crate train -RRB- that the pup feels that it can use one corner as a bathroom and the opposite corner to sleep in -LRB- that 's why crate training works so well , dogs do n't like to potty in the same area they sleep in -RRB- . Anyway , I decided on the medium . It was a tiny bit smaller than I expected , but the small definitely would have been too small . I tested the kennel with my adult 9 pound miniature dachshund and she had plenty of room to stand , lay down , and turn around.I love the pink color , it 's just too adorable ! It 's something different that you do n't see every day . I also really like the built in seat belt slot for safer travel .
 I love this ! It went together with no problems and is just what I wanted . Of course my dog does n't care for it but that 's ok .
 The pink crate is wonderful . It was easy to assemble and works perfectly for my dog .
 We had to have PINK ! This was a good price . The color is nice . It would have been nicer if it was a more modern pink like a Hot Pink ! But we were just happy to have one in PINK ! It arrived with a few scuffs and some random pieces of plastic that should have been trimmed at the manufacturer but its a decent product .
 Kennel was easy to assemble . Very cute and sutle two - toned pink . Just be careful I did get pinched pretty good on one of the snaps . Not at the fault of the kennel tho .
 This is perfect ! Exactly what I was looking for , large enough for my two kittens . I even received it sooner than expected !
 I ordered this carrier for my cat MingGold she 's a kitten right now . I do think she will be able to use it for a while . It came in a large box that had looked as it had been tossed around badly . Not packaged very well , but to my surprise when I opened the box . The carrier was in great condition and new . Was a snap to put together yes buy this carrier if your pet is small and wo n't get to much bigger . Wo n't be as useful for larger cats .
 Excellent for heavier cats!Beautiful Pink color ! I also bought the pink bedding linner , fits perfectly!It was a good buy for the price
 Its sooo cute in pink . My &#34; baby &#34; is 4lbs and 8ozs and it fits her well . Its also very durable .
 This pink kennel cab is not only the right color to make it obvious you have a female dog but it is the same nice quality as the uglier colors . My little Yorkie loves it .
 My kitty , Cookie , and I absolutely love this carrier !!! She and I both love it 's beautiful pink color and there is plenty of room for herself and her bedding !!! It 's very durable and the plastic clips that keep the two halves together never slip off !!! It always feels secure , I also love that it has a seat belt clip on it for added safety in the car !!!! I would recommend this carrier to any pet lover !!!!!
 My ShiTzu outgrew her smaller training crate and she had 3 puppies in June . I then got her a playpen and it was nice to separate her from the puppies when they were 6 weeks old . She only sleeps in crate at night as she was cage trained . She weighs 8 pounds and this crate is the perfect size for her with plenty room for her to turn around in it . Taking her to the Vet and traveling is so much easier also .
 I bought 2 of this because I have 2 female cats , and everybody ask me where I bought those carrier.Is great for cats and dogs . Excellent product and excellent price !!!! Petmate Copolymer Plastic/Steel Lifestyle Kennel Cab , Medium , Lady Pink/Dark Pink
 I really liked this when I first got it . I used it about two weeks and then it became too small . My puppy grew . It is still in perfect condition but I ca n't use it . There should be some way of making it expandable .
 Amazing product , really ! I ordered it when there was two left and it was a happy and great investment . The color pictured is a little off , in person it has a little more color but it is soooo cute ! I have a giant flemish that is the size of a medium dog and she loves it ! The price is great , definitely get the amazon prime trial and shipping was free ! Really , really happy about this purchase .
 Sacha is a Great Pyrenees and it is hard to find a food that meets her needs . She loves Wells Pro Pac Large Breed Adult dog food and it agrees well with her .
 I Love Pro Pac Foods . A great food that my picky dogs love . I raise Corgis in Indiana and really like the fact that not only do the foods have no out of country ingredients but are locally obtained and made . My dogs like it much better than Science Diet .
 This leash has held up like a champ with almost no wear and tear , and it looks nice . What more is there to say ?
 We bought this leash to have better control of our golden retriever , a pet therapy dog , while she visits nursing home residents . This has quickly become my favorite leash for walking her everywhere and is a quality product that will last for years.One note - our golden girl is taller than typical for her breed and this lead has plenty of slack for her -LRB- we sometimes still fold it up in our hands while walking her -RRB- ; but for normal goldens or other similar height dogs , you may want a slightly longer lead .
 We have three -LRB- 3 -RRB- hedgehogs and all their bottles are hanging from this holders.Initially we used the bottle holder that came with the bottles ; but , long story short , we switched to these and no more problems in each cage.Best regards , JuanPablo
 If you are one of those consumers -LRB- as I am -RRB- that will purchase products because of aesthetics , then this product is for you/your dog . We have the large version and it is almost too big for our black lab -- it holds a lot of food . The bowl has a nice weight to it and non-skid feet . Please note that our turquoise bowl faded , and although this bowl is dishwasher-safe we washed it by hand . The underside of the bowl stayed bright turquoise , but the exposed side faded quite a bit in a few months . The polymer material the bowl is constructed of is heavy and sturdy , however , it is also very rigid and I discovered that if you drop the bowl it breaks into many sharp pieces . It 's a great design and I would recommend purchasing it if you like the design , but expect the color to fade and handle carefully .
 i recommend buying from this seller . aside from the fact that the company has reasonable prices in larger quantities they also get it to you really quick .
 Great stuff . Lasts a long time . Works well in my pond ... I will be buying this again in the near future .
 Works well and does n't eat up the ph buffering agent . Keeps pond 's kh as is . A little goes a long way too .
 Works great . Shipped fast . Ordered to use in a bait tank and product does everything I needed it to do .
 This product has a horrible sulfur smell , but it SURE works great.I use it to lower ammonia -LRB- I have RODI so I do n't really care about the chlorine Detox part -RRB- My ammonia levels were .25 , I added this stuff , checked levels 10 minutes later and the ammonia was down to 0 . Stuff is amazing ...
 My ammonia level went from .3 -.4 to 0 within a few minutes . We 've since cut back on fishfood . This product probably saved my marine aquarium .
 I use the shorter 12 '' lead as a means to attach my dog 's harness to the seat belt of the car when we travel by car.My husband likes the somewhat longer 24 '' leash when he walks the dog , particularly in crowded areas . My husband is not particularly tall , so it allows him to walk the dog in a relaxed manner , with the dog in an appropriate position without having to manage a lot of excess leash.We bought both , two 24 '' and one 12 '' . These leashes are of good quality . Their price was very reasonable and they were delivered very quickly.I would recommend the product and the company .
 This was the most economical lead I could find AND they are well made . Good purchase overall !
 I used this in my outdoor pond which has about 30 goldfish in it and they love it . This product does not cloud or turn the color of the water . It break up easily and it floats .
 The fish go crazy whenever I feed them this . I give this around 3 times a week alternating with flakes . -LRB- 6 serpaes and 6 neons -RRB-
 I have a Koi pond as well as an indoor aquarium . Both indoor and outdoor fish love this treat . I feed them a staple of goldfish food but every few days I drop a few of them in the aquarium or in the pond and they go nuts . As always w / Amazon I get fast delivery and no hassles .
 This is a must have for planted aquariums . I have a 45 gallon and used two bags of this as my top layer and I have n't had to use any supplements for my plants . As other people may have stated , you absolutely need to rinse this stuff before using it . Do n't worry , you wo n't rinse away all the nutrients ! I probably rinsed one bag about 15 times and my tank was still a little cloudy for at least 4 or 5 days . You can add finer gravel on top if you prefer .
 Seachem 's fluorite is an iron rich , clay , stand-alone substrate . You plant your plants in it immediately , and let 'em grow ! It 's excellent for both hydroponics and aquariums . You do n't need to add any laterite or gravel or anything at all . It works best if it 's not mixed with anything else such as soil , peat , or sand -LRB- You can of course place a thin layer of decorative gravel of your color choice on top if you wish -RRB- . It never needs replacing . It 's expensive , but you get what you pay for . My plants are lush andThere is one VERY IMPORTANT bit of advice I must impart to everyone reading this
 Okay , I just got this stuff and ca n't yet speak on it 's plant growing merits , but I can tell you this stuff is D-I-R-T-Y . Best cleaned the same way you do sand .1
 The gravel is beautiful , but you really have to wash it about 10 times to get the silt off it.But , you ABSOLUTELY MUST NOT USE THIS SUBSTRATE WITH AXOLOTLS -LRB- MEXICAN WALKING FISH -RRB- . The little stones are ~ 5mm wide - far too big for axolotls . I had to buy sand to put on top of the Seachem Flourite so my axolotls do n't eat the little stones .
 I have this in my aquarium , my first try at a fully planted aquarium , and my plants are doing wonderfully ! I do add liquid fertilizer from time to time and have a good deal of lighting but I do n't have any nutrient problems . my valsinaria , crypts , rotalla , Echinodorus , water sprite , java moss and hygrophilla -LRB- sp . may be a little off on these -RRB- are all growing beautifully in this tank . Especially the valsinaria . And i also have a lot of cherry shrimp breeding in the tank , although because of the color they blend in with the soil and they are little hard to see . Overall I am very happy with this soil and would recommend.I did not rinse mine at first and the tank was VERY cloudy for 24hrs , and was cloudy a little thereafter for a few days , even my filter was coated and I had to replace it , i did n't add any fish for the first week , because I did n't think that kind of cloudiness would be good for their gills . However since then it has n't been a problem , even when I move a plant around it does get a little stirred up but it is n't a problem , it seems to settle in nicely . The soil is a little rough so I am not sure if it is the best for all fish , but for my schooling fish it is fine .
 I needed some flourite - and so I decided to buy some , lol . 15.4 lbs of the stuff is more than enough for what i needed for my fish tank and it 's done as it 's needed to do - helped my aquatic plants grow . I had no problems with dirty water - as I used the plastic bag method - nor have I since using the stuff 6 months ago . I 'd recommend this stuff any day .
 It 's good stuff but believe me , you need to wash it ... . a lot . It 's nasty stuff and when you rinse it you 'll see what I mean.Grain size hovers around 1/8th - 3/16 inch in size and do n't let the picture fool you . It has a dinstinctly red coloration and no small amount of off-white pieces too . It only looks as dark as it does in the picture before the tons of dust washes off but it still looks nice after rinsing and contrasts nicely with green plants.It 's sharp so scaleless bottomfeeders might not like it too much but it 'll work wonders for your plants . They just love the stuff.The price is definitely right and you ca n't beat free shipping either . It 's a good choice all around even if you do n't have plants but do n't expect it to be as dark as it looks in the picture . There is a dark version of this stuff but I do n't know anything about it . It might have a different composition so it would n't hurt to check the data on the manufacturers website.Also , they have a calculator there so you 'll know how much to buy . For me , it took 3 bags to get a 2 inch layer in my 55gal . 48x12 .
 This substrate is some of the best you can buy if you want to achieve excellent growth with your aquatic plants . Remember , its a clay product so it can break down however.I would highly suggest rinsing this product VERY well before placing it in the aquarium . It came very , very dirty . Took about 15 mins to rinse each bag well enough.Amazon as always , shipped quickly and it came in good shape.Pros
 This product made my live plants really take off . it came highly recommended , I can see why . Just like other reviews , you must rinse this thoroughly to avoid a cloudy tank . I would recommend this product .
 first one was dammaged by post office and was replaced after the return date by sell , seller goes beyond the call of service great seller would by from again ... low price compaired to retail store ... 5 stars 5 dsr ... thanks againwilliam g key largo 33037
 My Shih Tzus love the assorted rawhide twist sticks . They are a bit larger in size than the little twist sticks so I do n't worry , as much , that they will choke on them . They do last for a long long time . I also like the fact that these rawhide sticks do not stain my Shih Tzus coats , carpets or bedspreads . I highly recommend them for your dog 's chewing pleasure .
 My dogs loved these rawhides . It was a great value for the price ; better than pet stores . Unlike some brands , these did n't stain .
 We have 3 dogs , and they are the perfect size for the 15lb boston terrier and japanesse chin . They last a solid few hours . Not great for larger dogs , they will go through them in 20 mins.Nice variety pack , and much cheaper than a walk-in store .
 My pups seem to really enjoy these , and I enjoyed the price and convenience of ordering via mail . Good for smaller dogs . Larger dogs may choke on them.Long lasting . Kept my pups busy for hours . No dyes to soil carpet . Not a messy dog chew . Good for their teeth and digestive systems . All natural .
 This is a perfect chew for the dogs when I want them to chill out and use their energy wisely . Not huge , but a good 15-20 minute treat to fight over . It 's basic rawhide , nothing fancy , but exactly what I was looking for .
 My dogs did like these bones , the only thing is that I expected a bigger bag , so I was a little disappointed . Other than that , good bones , and I specifically bought them because they are made in USA .
 I have owned the 52 inch bowsers beds for years now . My Bullmastiff -LRB- 130lbs -RRB- loves it and it 's incredibly luxourious for a dog bed . It has great loft and I love that it does not smash down under her weight . Well worth the investment .
 My Akita loves these Raw hide sticks ! The Pet Time Rawhide Munchy stick is very good treat . Since 2005 when we first bought these she loved them . We tried other sticks but our dog refused to eat them . So , we like buying them over Amazon as it saves money and you get a better product then in the stores . This Amazon merchant processed our order quickly and with care . We will purchase from them again .
 Finally , a dog treat my dog loves and consumes - historically she just carries similar chews around and ultimately I find them in the yard -LRB- sometimes buried , sometimes just in a pile -RRB- . These sticks are more of treat for her than a typical long-lasting rawhide chew - which is fine with me . My dog -LRB- a mini Aussie mix of about 48bls -RRB- gobbles a chew in a few minutes and seems quite satisfied with her `` you just got home , where 's my treat ? '' chew . My dog 's vet said these were fine in moderation - the dog is happy , the vet is content and I 'm both : -RRB- UPDATE
 Same price as Walmart but these guys have it in stock ! No tax and free shipping with orders over $ 35 .
 Laddie , my year old Corgi , loves these and would eat little else if given the opportunity . I 'll buy them again soon .
 My dogs love them , they are cheaper that what is sold at the grocery stores locally . I would recommend to anyone with dogs .
 My dog loves these small munchy sticks and this is an excellent value . The vet said that these ground-up and formed chewies are much easier for a dog to digest than the rawhide strip chews , and I was pleased to find this large pack at such a good price . I give my dog one when I 'm leaving the house and she hardly registers the fact that I 'm leaving since she 's so engrossed with her chewie ! I would recommend that all dogowners - especially with small or medium sized dogs - use this type of treat rather than the rawhide strips .
 My basenji , Lily , loves beef best , but chicken is a close second . Peanut butter is third choice.This is a good deal , though the beef seems to last the longest . She is a happy camper with these rawhide chews .
 Great for your dogs teeth ! I an a huge fan of this kind of rawhide as it is very chewable and crunchy and digests well in your dogs tummy ! He is a huge fan of them also . LOVES them ! Excellent value as always thru Amazon .
 We have a 14-pound chiweener -LRB- chihuahua dachshund mix -RRB- who does n't like most doggie snacks other than thin rawhide . She loves these rawhide chicken sticks . They are a perfect size for her . They are softer than typical rawhide sticks ; so , we alternate her snacks between these and her usual rawhide sticks . I read some reviews of chicken sticks that they can smell , but we have not had a problem with these . I divided them into batches of 10-20 sticks , kept one batch out , and put the rest in the freezer . I thaw out a batch as we need them and keep the current batch in the fridge . Great product , and shipping was as advertised .
 My German Shepherd goes nuts for these ! And it 's fun for the whole family since my Maltese follows it around , waiting for her to drop pieces so she can scavenge.As another reviewer said , these are not very long lasting and work more like a crunchy treat .
 The small Pretty Bird Daily Select fruit flavored pellets are a favorite of my Quaker parrot . He will eat them either dry or soaked in spring water to soften them -LRB- he thinks those are a special treat -RRB- . The pellets have a pleasant aroma , and they somewhat resemble festive decorative sprinkles for cakes or cookies -- which may add to their appeal to parrots .
 My golden adores these chips . I feed a handful to him each day . The zip loc bag keeps them crispy .
 My trainer gave me one of these treats to try during agility class and it was amazing . It got my dogs attention right away . She loves them and they are a healthy treat .
 My Rottweiler is allergic to almost every animal protein on the planet . So far , he is doing ok with whitefish and salmon . That is why this treat is so good . It does smell strongly of fish , it smells good . Its got a crunchy texture , its unlike any other pup treat I 've found . My pup loves it , when I take the bag out of the pantry he runs to the kitchen and sits for his treat . Do n't even have to call him.The 28oz resealable bag is great , the treats last a long time . If your pup has allergies , you may want to think about giving this one a chance . Guaranteed , your pup will love them .
 my 3 dogs and 1 cat really love these treats . I ca n't find them locally so order via amazon . a 28oz bag is huge and will last a long time . each treat is about the size of a quater and 1/4 '' thick or so . they 're hard crunchy treats and smell very strongly of salmon . I keep them in a zip-lock bag so I do n't have to smell them all the time . I love that these are all natural and grain free treats -LRB- especially w / all the pet food recalls going on now -RRB- , and my pets just ca n't seem to get enough of them .
 Excellent quality , durable , worth the money , would buy again . Service from seller is quick , easy , smooth transaction . We have horses , and this bucket is perfect for our needs .
 My dogs love these things ... have ordered several times ... people say they stink ... of coure they do ... who cares ... I Just ordered more ...
 These cow 's ears are Simba 's favorite thing to eat ... He chooses the ears over steak or chicken ! If I do n't give him the ear with his dinner he will bark until I give him one . He eats the ear first and then his dinner .12 pc . Assorted Cow Ears
 I used those automatic waterers for years for my five animals . I always had a mess -LRB- water everywhere -RRB- and I had to fill it frequently . This one has a very large bowl . The animals -LRB- dogs and cats -RRB- do n't splash the water outside the bowl and the water stays fresh for a couple days or more . I 've been very pleased and will never use an electric one again .
 This is the perfect dog food and water feeder for dogs . Its not messy and saves from having to fill the food bowl daily .
 I purchased this for our son to use for his dog . It stayed at our house for the 2 cats . They love it !
 Does a good job . I was concerned about the units ability to keep the dish full and not slop water all over . It does a very good job . I can recommend this unit for small dogs and cats . I have 3 cats and a small dog and they love it .
 While it 's not the highest-tech waterer I 've seen out there , it works for my cats as there is no ready access to an electrical outlet for the fancy recirculating models . A full reservoir lasts about a week for my two mostly-outdoor cats , and they 're happy with it .
 this is good product . I bought it to go with the le bistro automatic pet feeder , so they would match . It is much larger than the feeded . The water usually needs changing well before it is empty . Would choose smaller 1 1/2 g size . Seems like it would be a little easier to maintain and clean .
 I had an older , blue version of this product for several years , and it always worked well for my dog and cat . After several years of heavy use , the water container ended up with a small chip which caused leaking and spilling . I tried a different brand of watering system and ended up with a mess of water all over my floor ! So I was very happy to find the Bistro on Amazon . I like the new color , and the water container has a larger mouth now which makes it easier to fill . I have never had any problems with my pets knocking it off the base , though my dog does sometimes splash water out of the bowl . -LRB- But I think she 'd do that with any bowl -RRB- . I solve that problem by keeping it on a tray . Overall , I am very pleased with this product and was glad to be able to find it again .
 We use this outside so our dogs always have fresh water . They seem to like drinking out of this more than inside!Great product and well made .
 The 5 gallon Le Bistro waterer is great . I can go for weeks without having to worry about the cats having enough water to drink . The only problem with it is that it gets too heavy for me when I try to fill it up .
 Works great this is our second one the first one lasted about 5 years but then the bottle started to turn yellow and bowl got some algea we could not get rid of , so we replaced it . I do n't think they had the Microban 5 years ago
 Bought this when my parents were visiting with their cats . It worked fine , the cats would use it but did not drink as much as they would at home where I got them one of those electric fountains that filter the water one year for Christmas.Better for a small dog as you might get the water to go down faster . I would still change the water ever day since the cats love fresh water but I got this incase we decided to go somewhere while my parents were visiting me and would not have to worry about the cats having water if we decided not to return back to my place until the next day.I would suggest getting one of these incase you had to leave your cats home for a day or two unattended ; there will be plenty of water for them .
 I have several large dogs . I do n't understand the complaints of it being too light . Mine has never gottened tipped even by my hundred pounder . Since it always contains several gallons of water , it 's pretty darned heavy . Inverting a 5 gallon bottle without spilling any can be tricky and physically demanding . Replacing the bottle provided with a handled one has helped greatly with that . An extra $ 15 at Walmart , but worth it for ease and convenience . I also have a hose on my kitchen sink that simplifies the filling process . I thought most kitchen faucets had those these days . Before that , I used to fill it in the bathtub , but that meant hauling the full bottle through the house , so the kitchen sprayer hose works best for me . I 've been using mine for several years . If and when it breaks down , it will be quickly replaced . Going back to an open water bowl would be completely unacceptable .
 This is a good basic watering dish that will provide fresh water to your pets in a fairly consistent manner.Originally I 'd gotten it for my wolfhound . The gallon of water was usually gone by the end of the day and the water dish itself would have a lot of doggy saliva in it . The dish was n't working the way I 'd envisioned for the wolfhound , so I put it in a feline accessible place only for my cats . They love it!The unit , especially when less than half full , became a toy for the wolfhound . I 've not had any problems with tipping or the water bottle becoming a toy with the cats!This is also great for a short vacation . Generally I leave the cats at home and have someone come in every other day to refill water and food dishes . This device is great !
 I have two large dogs and their water bowls in their stand only have about a 2 qt capacity . One of my dogs drinks a lot of water and I have to fill her bowl about 3-4 times a day . This product has been very helpful for those times when I 'm away , because if they have no water , I do n't worry about them having access to water . It works beautifully . I do n't have an unsightly pail that they might have trouble drinking out of and it keeps the water clean . I highly recommend this product .
 I have had one for a while , now - the ` feeder ' is n't quite as useful as the waterer , as some pefoods do not flow readily to the eating chamber . Not a big deal . I just ordered another spare jug for my small feeder -LRB- the original jug finally cracked -RRB- - Petmate -LRB- doskocil subsidiary -RRB- charged a reasonable price , and reasonable shipping - I think the total was under $ 7 . You coudl easily have two units functioning for les than the cost of another . They are a USA company , and support their products well . Being an Engineer , I can see where the common failure point is on the small jug . It has to do with how people remove it from the base when it requires filling . Do n't grab just the top , as your grip pressure causes the curved edge of the jug to flex 'n crack . Grab it from the sides of the bottle - not only do you get a better grip , but it then wo n't crack ! If UV is an issue , you could wrap the jugs in fabric to block the light - perhaps sew a slip-over cover out of some pleasant-patterned vinyl ...
 ... but well worth the money . If you must leave your felines at home for two to four days as you trek to parts unknown , this is wonderful insurance that they will be well hydrated and well taken care of ! Simple but brilliant product !
 Ok , we have 9 permanent dogs and visiting dogs sometimes up to a total of 15 . We go through the 5 gallons once a day . Like that there is fresh water going into the bowl often during the day.Negatives
 I bought the 2.75 Gallon waterer to replace a small 3 litre waterer we had for our 20lb Chinese Crested , Dalmatian puppy , and cat . Needless to say , the 3 litre had to be refilled every two days , and was even light enough for our cat to drag around the kitchen floor when completely full.This waterer was perfect
 First , let me say that 5 gallons is a LOT heavier than I thought it would be . :-RRB- As an outside waterer though , this is the bees knees . The dogs and cats will both drink from it , I 've seen our little wild bunnies getting close to it , but I do n't know if they 've actually used it . Water stays cool , bowl does n't get slimy ... all in all , I 'm quite happy with the purchase so far . We 'll see how the plastic holds up to a Texas summer.All that said ; I think this would be a monster to have * in * the house , unless you 've got a really large kitchen , and you do n't mind cleaning up the little spillage you 're likely to have when you tip the full bottle into the holder part . Also ... seriously , it 's heavy when it 's full . Assume about 7 pounds a gallon for water , so it 's 45 pounds when full.The giant size is perfect for our 200 pounds of dog and 30 pounds of cats -LRB- plus whatever wildlife is wandering around out there -RRB- , but it 's WAY more than you need for small animals .
 Works great . Lasts over a month with three cats . Keep it at least 3-4 feet from the food supply to keep the cats from `` fouling '' the water before it runs out . Stays clean easily .
 We purchased the 5gallon Waterer because we had purchased the smaller one at Walmart and our Cats liked tipping it over and spilling water all over our kitchen floor . But the 5 gallon is too big for kitties to play with . We also recently got a boxer puppy , and now we dont have to worry about filling the water dish 3 or 4 times a day . All in all , this is a Great Investment . Very Very happy with mine .
 We have tons of these around our house for our cats and house rabbits . They 're heavy enough to keep from being tossed around and spilled and they hold enough water to save us from filling bowls constantly . Having a bunch keeps our pets hydrated and happy . Remember to wash these out at LEAST one a week to prevent the yucky slime and bacteria from building up and you 're good to go !
 6 dogs , 5 cats - lasts about a week . Dogs and cats love it , even had a little 8 week old kitten drinking out of it . Really cute watching her peek over he top of the bowl , then trying to not fall in.This product perfectly fits my needs . I has a smaller one , about a gallon , had to refill every other day.Only thing to keep in mind is it 'll be kinda heavy and awkward to carry when full about 40 lbs .
 this is the 2nd one I have purchased . I loved the first one so much and I have large dogs that drink ALOT ! works great but difficult to clean water bottle inside due to it 's size . probably can get a replacement pretty easy .
 Very nice item to keep fresh water available for few days . Just do no leave in sunshine - some people complain about algae when left in sunshine . So will everything grow algae in sunlight ! Huh ? Just throw in weekly in dishwasher !
 I do n't have anything negative to say about this product . I have a lot of dogs in and out of my home due fostering and the only thing that has happen is a young lab got the bottle off when it was empty and chewed the end of it . . But now the faucet sits nicely on when filling up the bottle due to the chew marks . . Its also pretty heavy when full and transporting back and forth . . You will want to make sure you clean it every month , it can get slimy fast but otherwise for the price and convenience of this product I give five stars !
 Nothing much that can go wrong here . No intricate mechanisms.No moving parts . No pumps that can fail . Several smart designfeatures make it a solid buy.I also highly -LRB- HIGHLY ! -RRB- recommend their automated cat feeder .
 This is perfect because it puts out just enough wanter through a small hole to fill the bowl properly with clean fresh water . It also has a filter to clean the water more as it comes out . IT is teh perfect size for mt cat ... not tooo huge but not tiny either so i dont have to run and fill the water bowl 3 times a day anymore .
 I have been looking for a better way to keep fresh water out for my 3 dogs and cat so I am not constantly slopping water on the floor or always refilling . This took care of both of those issues . Took them all about a day to get use to the gurgle sound of the water going down , but now they drink happily . It 's not always easy to carry the water jug though . Does get pretty heavy when completely full , so if you are not use to heavy lifting may want to go smaller than the 5 gallon size .
 I love this water dispenser ! I have an 82 pound lab who gets very thirsty sometimes , so it 's nice to not have to constantly refill a bowl of water , and with the 5 gallon bottle , I usually refill it every 3 days or so.However , I 've been noticing more and more lately things floating in the water bowl , and the inside of the bowl -LRB- where the water from the jug initially goes -RRB- is lined with black -LRB- I 'm suspecting mold/bacteria -RRB- . I have cleaned it -LRB- even ran it through the dishwasher -RRB- and while it cleans it , I have to clean it all over again a few days later . I 've had it about 2.5 years now , so maybe it 's time for another one ? And I 've noticed in the jug itself , black spots , and well , good luck trying to clean those out.I will probably just buy another one , 2.5 years is a good investment .
 this is a great product for your dog 's . I have 2 full size dog 's and I bought 2 of these since I live in Florida and it is really hot year round the dog 's drink a lot of water so make 's it very convenient for me when I am not home all the time and I know they have plenty of water The container holds 5 gallons of water the bowl about another 1 1/2 gallons . very well built easy to fill and clean . Great price also
 I purchased one of these because I keep forgetting to check the water dish . Okay , with cats you do n't always see them so ... out of sight , out of mind . The water dish gets overlooked because they find `` other places '' to get their water . They do n't complain and I do n't know exactly where they get their water.But , since having the Microban waterer , I can remember sometime in the week 's time to see where the water level is . The base holds plenty of water so even if the bottle looks low or empty , the base is holding at least another day or two worth of water . Also , I have mastered the replacing of the bottle -LRB- a small mess my first time -RRB- so that I can pull the bottle off fast enough -LRB- excess water goes directly in the base to be used -RRB- and refill the bottle . Flipping the full water bottle back on to the base is easy enough and any spillage goes directly into the base . NO messes!This is a fine product and I have not had any problem with mold or yuckiness yet -LRB- which always happened in the old water dish -RRB- . I do clean it every week or two just to make sure it stays clean -LRB- I had to do this every several days with the old water dish -RRB- . Now that there is a constant supply of fresh water , the cats seem to be utilizing the litter box more . I guess that is good for them , but now I have swapped one chore for another . Oh well , they are healthier anyway.Overall , this product sames me time which makes me happy -LRB- and probably the cat , too , since we have been trying to train the kids to put the toilet seat down when finished -RRB- . The programming can be a little difficult for the technologically challenged . Most of the setting are self explanatory with the exception of the portions size . They use a code -LRB- ie 1 , 2 , 3 , etc -RRB- to mean things like 1/4 cup , 1/2 , and so on . The `` legend '' is located in the instruction manual which is usually already in a landfill before you need it again.I did find the manual online at http://petmate.com/Products/LeBistro-Portion-Control-Feeders__24240.aspx and also printed a copy and saved a copy to my computer in my `` important '' folder .
 This waterer is easy to use , and to see the level remaning . There is nothing to replace or go wrong with it . It is easy to clean and keep filled . When fully filled there is enough water for two cats for about six days . The only caution I have is that as the water bottle gets brittle after several years , so do not drop it .
 I bought these to make watering the kitties easier . It is just the right size for 3 cats . It 's nice when we travel to know they wo n't go without and can manage a few days on their own . Also bought the feeder for the same reasons . They are like new , but already three years old . I highly recommend them if you travel or have a couple of cats .
 It works , it holds water . What else is there to say about it . It looks like my pets are congregating around a water cooler ?
 We use this for our cats when we leave for the weekend . We will fill it partway up with ice and then water so they have fresh , cold water while we 're gone . It works very well and Sawyer likes to sit there and listen to the ice crackle .
 Its perfect size for 1-3 teacup to 15 lb dogs . I refill mine up every other day . If I do not rinse out by then , floaties seem to appear . The only thing I wish hat was different was that the base was a little deeper . Seems to be too short causing unwanted items to appear in water .
 this waterer works great . Easy to clean , does the job well and stays fairly clean . Every time I fill it up I just rinse it and wipe the dispenser part with a paper towel and voila , as good as new .
 FINALLY ! I do n't have to constantly fill the water dishes ! Yay ! Now it 's once a week ... maybe a little longer . I have 1 extra large dog and 1 large dog . They drink a lot of water ! This item is awesome , no regrets . REALLY EASY to clean . Even my cats use it . Great buy all three way around . I 'm thinking about getting a second for outside in the backyard for when I 'm gone for awhile -LRB- they always knock over the current out door one -RRB-
 I am thoughly satisfied with my product and the arrival time . We also love the fact they have water around the clock when we leave for long periods .
 The only issue i have with the product is that the product picture does not have the true color of the waterer . The one I received was light blue -LRB- powder blue -RRB- in color , where as i was expecting the dark metallic blue i see in the pic.Apart from that , it is a good product for the money .
 We have had both the feeder and watering jug for about 7-8 years.Have had 2 real active cats using them at times & have never found either feeder or watering bowl moved or tipped over.They have held up really well and all plastic seems to be holding up good with no cracks , etc. I have been washing them by hand with a warm , mildly soapy water & was wondering ... ? Are they `` dishwasher safe '' ??? `` Doc ''
 Very good we love this product would recommend to any pet owner ... this lasts our dog almost 3 days and in a hot climate like ours we know our dog has fresh water all day long
 I have to big dogs and got tired of filling there water bowl every five seconds . I tried the 1 gallon but just was able to make it 2-3 days and wanted something to last longer for watering . I have just found the best thing this 2.75 gallon waterer is great and I only fill it up once a week . YES !!! For those reading this view I have my waterer indoors and use puppy pads under it because one of my dogs has issues with keeping water in her mouth . HAHA ! To this point no issues with it falling over as stated in other reviews .
 We use this on our patio for our three dogs . It is very durable and easy to clean . It holds enough water for several days . It will , however , freeze in the winter . I had one of these in the house , but moved it outside because the dogs were always spilling water on the floor .
 I have had this water bowl for 2 years and it works great . However the bottle easily breaks but it was too small anyways . I swapped out the 1 gallon bottle with one of those 5 gallon `` Arrowhead '' bottles and it is perfect for my thirsty 100 + lbs Kangal . Though it utilizes an anti-microbial plastic it is still not algae proof . So if you use it outdoors , make sure you change it often.Pros : - strong enough for 5-gallon bottle swap-bleach safe -LRB- easily cleaned with a 10 % bleach soak -RRB- -2 + years outdoors with no UV damage-MicrobanCons : - original bottle is easily cracked
 GREAT PRODUCT . IF YOU ARE TIRED OF FILLING YOUR DOG BOWLS , THEN BUY THIS , YOU WILL BE VERY HAPPY !!
 This waterer is a great product . It holds enough water for my active Golden Retriever to go on for about 1 week . It dispenses water appropriately and never overflows . No mechanical parts or really things that could break and leave your dog without water . It does n't leak at all.The only reason I gave it 4 instead of 5 stars is that it will tend to get a little green -LRB- moldly -RRB- if you do n't wash it with bleach and rinse it out really good in between fillings . Of course we live in FL so that could be the issue as well . We propped it up on a few bricks so that our dog did n'tlay in the water which was the first thing she wanted to do.Overall great , does n't take up much space , allows access to clean fresh water all the time .
 I purchased this for my cat and it works great but only for a few days . You must wash it out after 2-3 days because it gets dirty . I have it near a fan and that may not help but it is still worth the money.I also ordered it to receive before a two day trip and it did not arrive until after the trip . I was disappointed in that but everything is fine now .
 I have used this product for several months without any major issues . I would recommend this waterer to any potential buyers . It is sturdy and easy to clean . There is a gurgling noise when the water needs to replenish in the bowl . At first , the sound startled my pets but they are all accustomed to the noise . They adapted from a bowl to the waterer rather quickly . I have three of these waterers in my home . They are shared by three cats and three dogs .
 I 've used other waterers and what makes this one better is how easy it is to fill without spilling 1/2 of it on the floor . Works great and the 1 gallon size means less refilling every week . My only complaint is that it 's hard to pull just the water bottle off without taking the top half of the black mount with it . It 's a minor problem .
 I do n't have much to compare this product to , being a first-time pet owner . But my cat does n't seem to have any complaints . So if she 's happy I am happy .
 I bought this because I wanted to keep both my cats from going thirsty when I 'm away for days at a time due to work . It works great and the 1 gallon water tank is perfect . Putting the water jug on and taking it off can be a bit tricky but as long as you grip the lid to the water resevoir and remove the bottle only it is easy . I 've had this product for almost 2 weeks and the water lasted for a week and a half with 2 cats so I 'd say this really does the job .
 We bought this for our two thirsty cats . They previously had the huge 3 gallon model which did n't work at all . -LRB- It got really dirty in the water bowl and was heavy to move to refill . -RRB- This one works great ! It is just the right size to tide them over for 4-5 days and by the time it 's ready to refill , the water bowl has just gotten minimally dirty . It is easily cleaned by rinsing out and not too heavy to lift and move around . My older cat is huge and VERY THIRSTY and this keeps him busy . They are intrigued with the `` glugging '' sound the water makes to refill and watch it carefully . However , they are not scared of it . Took them a couple days to figure out what it was for . Great buy !
 Left a cat and dog with plenty of water for two weeks . Product came fast and was in perfect condition .
 My husband and I travel and this gives us the freedom not to worry about our pets having enough water while we are gone . It works great !!
 Fill it up and do n't worry about giving your pets water for a while . With 3 cats and a dog , our lasts a couple of weeks after filling up . You may need to clean out some of the dregs that the animals deposit in the water in between tank fills .
 I do n't have to worry about my cats having water now ... they stand back and stare at it when it gurgles , which is hilarious ! And it really has stayed clean , where I used to have to always wash the bowl I gave them water in before . Love it !
 Had a much smaller one that we had to keep refilling every day . This one goes a week without needing refilled . Arrived quickly and well packaged . Could n't ask for more . Thanks !
 I ordered this product because we were going on vacation . The waterer worked well because our cat had access to water whenever he wanted it.Our son was able to come over every day but if he could not have done so , the cat would have still had plenty of water.The price was reasonable and the order came quickly .
 The Petmate 1 Gallon Waterier met my needs . I got tried of refilling my Westies water bowl couple times a day . The 1 gallon container allows me to have plenty of water for them without the worry of them knocking over their water bowl during the day and not having water until I come home from work . There 's lots of squirrels that need be chased in the backyard and chasing squirrels requires the Westies ' to refill with water . The Petmate 1 gallon waterier placed by my in & out doggie door , will provide water for two 18 lbs Westies for 3 - 4 days before refilling . Jim Deal Fort Wayne IN
 This is my second one of these . I have several big dogs , and this works great . My last one lasted for nearly five years , before the top container finally broke because it became brittle over the years . No complaints , though.I have used others , only to come back to this product . The drinking dish is wide enough that very little water gets sloshed outside of it , if any water at all , so my floors stay dry.Mine was only used indoors , so I can not comment on its longevity if used outside .
 This thing is a lifesaver . My 2 rotts would drink a bowl dry 2-3 times per day or more . This holds 5 gallons plus the reservoir . Now with 2 rotts and a cat drinking it lasts 3-4 days which is great , just as it would be getting stale the finish it . Once we see the jug down we refill and the never run out of water . We got the white bowl this time and I ca n't believe how much it shows dirt in the bowl ... helps us keep it nice and clean for our pups .
 I have used this a few times since I received it . Works great , just as expected . No problems . It was exactly what I was looking for .
 If you are active and need to leave your cats alone for extended periods of time -LRB- day or two or three -RRB- , this is a lifesaver . Works perfectly . The cat loves it . Done deal !!!
 This is a very nice waterer , and works well for my 3 doxies and black lab . they love it ! But be warned that it is very big , and can be hard to lift when fully filled . Other than that great waterer
 This is my second LeBistro water dish . The first one lasted over ten years , and was my cat Fluffy 's favorite pasttime . He loved lying with his head on the brim , watching the water , and if any bubbles emerged it made his day . He has always made an effort to escort me to refill it , as if to watch over and approve . The dish finally wore out , so now this one is a replacement for it . Fluffy has immediately taken to it again , like a long , lost friend . My pets generally could care less about dishes , but this one has won his heart . . again .
 Great item to use for someone who is n't home all day allowing the dog to have water .
 This is a great product . I 've purchased several of these in different sizes . I bought one of the larger ones which was a little too heavy for me to manage so I have multiple smaller ones . They 're easy to use and go right into the dishwasher .
 I own this product in blue and I 'm currently owned by three persnickity felines . The Microban is great , no mold or pink slime grows in the bowl , and I feel safe using it knowing that my kitties wo n't delevlop kitty acne from bacteria lodging in the plastic as happens with other plastic waterers and feeders . They have fresh water at will and I find that I only fill it every 2 days . I do wash it when I refill it with fresh water.The only drawback is that even full , it can be a bit light and my one big girl can head - butt the thing and knock it over , which is quite a mess . I fixed this problem by placing a small brick on the top . Problem solved . It also helped buying a non-slip kitty place-mat to put under it , but it 's not necessary.All in all a great product and I will be buying the matching feeder as well .
 Works great and keeps water fresh as long as you do n't have a dog that slobbers a lot , or likes to get a drink while eating . But messy dog aside , you ca n't go wrong with this if you have multiple dogs !
 had a situation where i bought one of these yrs ago . Needed another recently and they remodeled them . My only option was a used on through amazon . Percect Fit .
 Great item to leave with my kitty for weekend trips . Though it does get a lil dirty every few days , so I empty it and refill it about 2x per week .
 I bought this as a replacement for the same . I have a Shih Tzu and English Bulldog and it is big enough for both . It lasts a long time . Do Not put it in the dishwasher though , it 's too hot and will melt the plastic over time .
 the automatic waterer is great for my 95 lb lab it lasts a week with me not having to refill it . i love it !
 I use this for my rabbits . It is just the right size for them and works fine .
 This is a great product for anyone with a small dog or cat for access to water when they need it and fresh . I use filtered water from my refrig & the bottle has a small neck that fits . I still wash it every so often because of dog food & small amount of film gets on the sides just a little after several weeks .
 This product was delivered quickly and works great ! My kitties love it -LRB- although I think they want to play in it more than drink it ! -RRB-
 This works great . Easy to program and is everything I hoped it would be .
 5 gallow water feeders arrived in fast time . They work great ! Will buy from again in the future . Thanks so much !
 Dispenses fresh water for up to 3 weeks for my cat . Very efficient as I am working and do not have to worry about constantly filling water bowl . I love the color pink and my cat is a female - great choice . Very durable and easy to clean . The dry food holder is great too . It does n't automatically drop the dry food as well as I like but it still helps me out when I am gone .
 Works well for my thirsty black lab . Only problem is it is a bit heavy when filling , so I only fill it half way .
 I bought this to satisfy the thirst of two big dogs . It works fantastic . The bowl is big enough that the water does n't slop everywhere . We fill the 5 gallon bottle at a commercial water dispenser with the other household bottles .
 I use this to water feed my small dog , he drinks out of it whenever he likes and I do n't have to refill the water for him daily . when I use this , i only need to refill it weekly or every other week . The watch out is not to wait too long to refill , there could be bacteria growing in the water and may not be good for your dog .
 1 gallon , blue , approximately $ 15 at PetsmartI picked this up at Petsmart about a month ago and it still works great . I can tell that before we got this , our kittens were dehydrated . They would n't drink from their water bowls if the water got too low . With this fountain , they always have access to water ! I only fill it halfway so that I can clean it out every time I have to fill it.Pros
 Keeps enough water there for my two dogs for about two weeks before you have to refill . So far it has worked like a charm ...
 I had the original for years and this is so much better with the microban material .
 I am very pleased with this , i have 3 cats and i travel a lot so now i know they wont go to the bathroom to drik water . The product arrived in four days -LRB- service was fast -RRB-
 The ultimate in pet-owner convenience . I highly recommend this product and the whole line of Petmate LeBistro products . The jug holds enough water for our two large cats for more than a week.PURRFECT !
 We have three dogs and this makes sure they have all the water they need . During the workday , they are in the laundry room and kitchen with a dog door out to a play yard . They play hard all day long ... big dogs ! This waterer makes sure they have plenty of fresh water ... it 's great !
 This does what it 's suppose to do . I have two small dogs -LRB- 12 and 15 pound -RRB- and this easily last 4-6 days . Easy to fill , and my dogs have not knocked it over like they have with other water bowls they 've had . Also does n't take more room than other water bowls that I had to fill every day and a half .
 This product has been a great asset . We have two English Mastiffs and they drink alot of water . We placed this on the deck . It is easy to clean and easy to fill .
 We have 3 large dogs and this was perfect so we did n't have to refill bowls constantly . Even the cat drinks from it . One dog is a little scared of the `` glug '' it makes at times , but she just takes around 6 drinks then stands back to wait for it to `` glug '' , then goes back for more . It has really helped keep them supplied in water without running out as fast .
 I got this huge waterer because as my cats -LRB- 3 of them -RRB- get older they seem to drink more water . I had a smaller version , but was very happy once I got the big one going . I do n't know what people are talking about when they complain of tipping over . Cats make it tip over ???? I can see a dog doing it , but I keep mine pretty full , never allowing it to get completely empty . When I see there is only an inch or so left , I refill . Now . The good thing about this is I can clean the bowl portion without having to take the whole thing apart . Every 4 days or so , the bowl water starts to look dirty -LRB- cats lapping , spreading food they just ate or cat fur . . -RRB- so I do this . I take an empty gallon water jug , cut it in half and use the bottom portion . I take a dixie cup and a bunch of paper towels and a garbage bag over to the bowl . Put my left finger over the hole so no new water can get in , then with my other hand I take the dixie cup and scoop out enough of the dirty water as I can get , putting it into the cut in half gallon water bottle . Then when I ca n't dixie cup any more water out , I take the paper towels and sop up the rest , then clean with a dry paper towel so that it 's spanking clean . When it 's all clean , I just let my finger off the hole and the new clean water fills the bowl again . Walla ! Clean water and I did n't have to lug the whole thing to the sink ! Now as for what type of water I use ? I save 2 Deer Park water bottles -LRB- which I use for myself ... I dont ' like the taste of the Brita water filtered water -RRB- and use the Brita water filter to fill them . I pour into the big jug and they have filtered Britta water . They do n't notice the difference between it and the Deer Park water , I do ... Good purchase for adult cats . Wait till kittens are a year or more old before getting this .
 I guess the microban is the reason but I love this because the water does not become slimey . I ordered both the feed and water container . Love the size because it fits in my smaller home . We just moved .
 This is the second or third one of these I have owned . This larger size makes it even easier to keep my dogs hydrated during this very hot summer . I do n't have to worry about them running out of water or knocking their bowl over . The water lasts about a week for my two dogs . Why would you NOT get one of these ?
 I have had pets all of my life and pet water bowls have always equaled a mess . Not this one !! It is easy to fill , clean and move around ! I am going to get a couple of more as gifts !! Super buy !
 I 've had this product a few months now -LRB- for our cat -RRB- , and it 's working pretty well . We 've used it while going away on short trips , and it worked fine . It delivers the water via gravity . I try to clean it out with soap and hot water every couple of weeks so mold does n't form . The way the bottle connects to the dish is a little bit tricky and always takes me 2-3 tries before it works -LRB- and still has water in the container -RRB- .
 it seam ever time i change the the bottom snaps into 2 pices always haven to put it back together
 I bought this one to replace a much older version that was really hard to keep clean , so the Microban feature appeals to me , however it has been to short of a time period to evaluate whether or not it will be effective.The dog has no problem using it . I find that placement on the floor hampers my usage , so I use a cup instead ...
 Durable and does a good job . Aftyer purchasing and using the first one , I bought three more . That should tell you they are worth the $ $ $
 I really enjoy not having to fill the dog 's water bowl four times a day -LRB- 2 Golden 's and a Border Collie -RRB- but there are a few limitations with this product .1 -RRB- Filling it is n't easy if you do n't have a deep basin -LRB- like a janitorial basin in a basement or the like -RRB- 2 -RRB- Cleaning the inside of the water jug to get rid of the inevitable algae buildup takes some creativity and effort .3 -RRB- It is n't easy to keep the watering portion of the bowl clean since it does n't need to be filled as often as a regular watering bowl.This is my second one -LRB- first one finally cracked from overuse as a stool when I was too lazy to sit in a real chair to put on my boots -RRB- . I thought in the time between my first purchase and this one -LRB- eight years -RRB- they would find a better solution for the five gallon bottle . Filling it is difficult . It does not fit in any sink I have in my cabin so I have to either fill it outside with a hose -LRB- Pacific Northwest damp , rain , cold = not fun -RRB- or in the shower . Filling it in the shower is a pain and can be messy putting it back in place -LRB- I have one arm that I ca n't lift with . . comical but not fun -RRB- .
 My cats like it becuase it 's a constant stable source of water wether I 'm traveling or not . I ca n't say the water is always fresh because occasionally my cats like to play in & around the bowl with their toys & sometimes their food , but that 's just how my cats are . So periodically I have to do a little extra cleaning or refresh the bowl.I have both the feeder and the waterer , but I really only fill the jugs when I 'm traveling . I plan to get another set , but in white , to cover them for a 14 + day trip I 'm planning . Less work for a cat sitter and less worry for me.I like it because batteries and electricity is not required and it 's a stable source of fresh water -LRB- and dry food if you have the feeder also -RRB- , for my cats especially when I 'm traveling . If the power in my building goes out -LRB- and occasionally it has for a short period in really bad weather or when another building blew the transformers or had a fire ... -RRB- it still works & the cats still drink from it without power interruption issues .
 I bought this for my friends cat as a Christmas gift . My cat also uses this one as well . It 's also very easy to clean . My friend wanted one that was less complicated than the ones in the pet store . It 's a great solution if you dont want your furry friend to run out of water . Would order again if needed .
 Excellent product for multi dogs . Can fill water jug and leave it for the day without worrying about it running dry . It is a bit heavy but worth it knowing water is available for 1 1/2 days if needed .
 I have two large dogs -LRB- both over 90 lbs -RRB- and they drink quite a bit of water . I bought this so I would n't worry about them getting thirsty when I am gone all day at work . It works exactly like it says.It took my one dog a few weeks to get used to it though . He is a bit skittish and when the dish gets low on water , an air bubble gurgles up in the bottle and makes a noise and it scares him . It was actually pretty funny for the first few days.One negative I have is the weight . A small person may have trouble filling and flipping the jug over as 5 gallons of water weighs quite a bit.Overall I would recommend this to anyone with large dogs that go through lots of water .
 Ok I will admit it , I have a cronic toilet drinker . Thankfully its not me , its my English Mastiff . I can put whatever bowl , fountain , etc out and he will 100 % of the time walk past it to his favorite porcelain bowl ... If hes outside he once again has no interest in bowls or lick sticks . No this big boy likes to head straight to the pool come rain or shine . So when we added a English Bulldog to the family I was very eager to get out all those cute dog bowls we had bought in the past ... with no use ... and get this little puppy drinking . Well guess what . . old dogs teach new puppies bad habits . So there she goes straight for the swimming pool , luckily we do have a beach entry and she is now fully trained to acknowledge that she can not swim -LRB- which she cant -RRB- . She will drink from a bowl inside -LRB- I am sure its because she can not reach the porcelain throne -RRB- but the bowl is clearly her arch enemy and she will ALWAYS knock it over on purpose leaving her with no water until I notice . Now that fall had arrived her great idea of drinking from the pool wasnt so great to her anymore . So we ordered the Le Bistro , she loves it and doesnt fight to tip it over !! We are over the moon on this one folks !
 I 've had cats my whole life ; with that came a lot of auto-feeders and waterers as 1 -RRB- it reduced yowling for food and 2 -RRB- my family traveled quite a bit . Of course , with those self-feeders and waterers came the inability to fill the waterer without spilling half of the container on the floor , having the bottle detach from the dish and spill everywhere , or the bottle develops a miniscule leak that you ca n't find until what was in the bottle is now in a puddle on the floor.So , I was nervous about getting one of these , but as my boyfriend and I are going to be out of town for a few days over the holidays , it 's necessary . My cat loves it and I did n't spill one drop of water out of it when filling it up . I 'm not exactly Miss Coordination , either . It looks cute , is easy to clean , sturdy , and I do n't forsee any major issues since it 's going to be staying indoors . I 'm very glad I bought these . So is my cat , who thinks she 's all special again because she has new things .
 I have used a larger model for years with my foster dogs and like to send newly adopted rescues home with their own stuff . These assure them continuous clean water and do n't have the filters the newer more expensive models have . Do n't feel the filters are necessary .
 No Problems here . I bought one of these and I am happy with it.I used to have to put out fresh water every day ... Not so with this ... it will Easily provide fresh water for my dog.I put it in a corner on the back porch , so no knocking it over.I have a dog door , so this way no more spilling the bowl of water on the floor in the kitchen.I see some pine needles floating in the bowl , but that 's easy to get with a sieve .5 gallons of water might be too heavy for some to pick up , so that 's probablythe only problem I can see with this . Of course you do n't Have to fill it to the top .
 For cats , this is ideal . Mine is n't a big water drinker so it takes him a while to finish it . For a small dog , this size is good , but I need a bigger one for my growing puppy . I plan on getting the same brand in a bigger size .
 For whatever reason , my kitties seem to enjoy drinking from the Le Bistro waterer more than from their water dishes . Maybe it 's the novelty . I do think it will be a good solution for supplying them with fresh water when I 'm away.It * is * a bit on the light side , though . I put mine in a narrow space between a cabinet and a wall , to make sure they do n't use it as a toy and slide it all over the floor.Update
 I bought this for my 2 dogs & it works great & cleans up easily ! The only reason I gave it 4 stars instead of five is because of it 's large size it makes it really hard to fill it up inside your home . It does n't fit under my kitchen sink faucet . I do n't have one of those tall neck faucets or a sprayer -LRB- wish I did -RRB- -RRB- otherwise it would be a snap to fill . I have to use my bathtub to fill it up and my bathtub is upstairs . The container is really heavy once it 's full . My only suggestion would be to purchase a smaller one -LRB- 2 gallon or 1 gallon -RRB- , waterer . It would be easier to handle . I also bought the 5 gallon feeder & I LOVE it ! It holds a whole 5lb . bag of food which is great ! So get the larger feeder & the smaller waterer . Oh and my dogs love the gurgling sound the water makes after they drink out of it ! : -RRB-
 Ok . I got this because I have two dogs and five cats . I had a one gallon waterer that seemed like it needed to be filled twice a day , so I needed a larger one . This is a great product but it has it pros and cons ... PROS
 I really enjoy not having to fill the dog 's water bowl four times a day -LRB- 2 Golden 's and a Border Collie -RRB- but there are a few limitations with this product .1 -RRB- Filling it is n't easy if you do n't have a deep basin -LRB- like a janitorial basin in a basement or the like -RRB- 2 -RRB- Cleaning the inside of the water jug to get rid of the inevitable algae buildup takes some creativity and effort .3 -RRB- It is n't easy to keep the watering portion of the bowl clean since it does n't need to be filled as often as a regular watering bowl.This is my second one -LRB- first one finally cracked from overuse as a stool when I was too lazy to sit in a real chair to put on my boots -RRB- . I thought in the time between my first purchase and this one -LRB- eight years -RRB- they would find a better solution for the five gallon bottle . Filling it is difficult . It does not fit in any sink I have in my cabin so I have to either fill it outside with a hose -LRB- Pacific Northwest damp , rain , cold = not fun -RRB- or in the shower . Filling it in the shower is a pain and can be messy putting it back in place -LRB- I have one arm that I ca n't lift with . . comical but not fun -RRB- .
 I have 2 kitties and I like to be able to take off for a weekend and not have to worry about them going hungry or thirsty . I own both the LeBistro waterer and feeder . I like the Microban feature . I have had these for a couple of years and even if I have n't changed the water for a week , there are no weird things growing in the water . They both hold plenty for a weekend away and they do n't look too bad either . I love them and so do my cats .
 This Waterer is great for my big puppy , he drinks so much in one day . i dont have to continue to fill it every half hour . Half ful lasts for about 2 days then i rinse it and wash it and fill it back up . its just so helpful i ` de recomend it for anyone with a large dog .
 I never want my cats to go through the misery of being without water . This automatic waterer lets me be sure they have water whenever they want it . Clean water . I can fill the bottle and know no matter how long I 'm stuck at work I do n't have to worry about the kitties going thirsty . And it 's very easy to clean.I had invested in some of the electric-pump filtered water fountains , but my cats ignore those and go to their old faithful Bistro , so I 'm unplugging the fountains and adding some more Bistro waterers around the house .
 I have 4 cats and find that if I fill this more than halfway the water gets discolored before it 's time to refill . My cats like to play in it getting scum and food in the water so it needs to be cleaned at least once a week . It 's a great product , and I do n't mind filling it halfway , however it would have probably made more sense to get the smaller one . I would also suggest that the food and water are kept a good distance from each other to help keep the water clean . It is not fun to clean it while it 's still full . As for the ` gurgleing ' it is not a major problem with cat 's since they do n't drink as much as dogs it rarely happens while they are standing there . When it does they either run off and come back later or they try to play with it .
 We love this replacement water feeder . Our dogs di n't even notice that it was bigger than the old one . They still prefer to drink out of my Sonic cup though .
 It 's not great build quality , though I do n't think I could break it on purpose . Jug pops into the bowl and acts just like a mini water cooler -LRB- minus the cooler function -RRB- .
 I travel a lot and always worry that my dod and cat have plenty of water . This Le Bistro Waterer was the answer . It works great and I liked it so much , I ordered one for each of my two grown sons - and they like it too !
 I have 4 large dogs , they go through a lot of water . This 5 gallon capacity bottle works perfectly . We have water delivery service to our home and the 5 gallon water bottles fit perfectly . They never run out if water now and we do n't have spills , no more bending down to refill the water bowl daily
 We purchased this waterer in anticipation of a few short trips away from home over Thanksgiving and the holidays and have been pretty satisfied with it . It 's easy to clean and has a simple and nearly foolproof design , which is great - no moving parts to break or jam up while you 're away.That said , we do occasionally notice that the water sometimes does n't always completely refill the basin until the level gets almost to empty , which might be a problem for some pets if they feel they need a minimum &#34; depth &#34; of water to be able to drink from .
 Originally , I rated the pet FEEDER and accidentally put the review in the waterer . Could not edit the rating . I would give it 2 stars . The feeder is 4 stars .
 This works great . It contains plenty of water and dispenses it as my dog drinks . This is a little scary for my very skiddish Golden Retriever but I believe he will eventually get over this and like having fresh water available . Also , it is not so big that I ca n't pick it up and empty it to clean it if necessary . There is another produce very similar to this one which holds 5 gallons which is TOO big in my view .
 Had a smaller bowl before and had to fill up every other day , now this goes for a week or two before needing a refill.I like this product !!!!
 good service could have used a better product description . a bit if a problem using a water filter .
 Great Products that help with taking care of your animals when you are away from home .
 I work long days and with this I do not have to worry about our dog getting enough water or spilling her dish . There is always water for her .
 We went out of the country for two weeks and had noone to take care of our two cats -- I was worried sick about what would happen to them , then I found this item . I 've seen many feeders/waters and some are priced over the top -- I selected this item because the price was right . I was skeptical , of course , but I LOVE it ; I 'm so glad that I bought this -- I would recommend this to anyone . The one change I would make is to the waterer -- it 's like a water cooler jug -- it must be removed and filled -- I think it would be better if you could just remove the top , like the feeder , and fill it .
 this has been a wonderful thing with 3 Golden Retrievers in our house . The water lasts for about a week and there is no algee growing in the reservoir . It is a great product and I would recommend this to anyone who has multipal dogs .
 This is a great way to provide clean fresh water for your pets . My only caveat is that with 2 huskies , we are still filling to more frequently than I would like .
 Have 3 new kittens . They like playing around in the water . Works as advertised .
 I got these for my new puppy and to replace my cats dishes . They work just fine . The only problem is that if you do n't pick it up by the bottom it falls apart and makes a big mess .
 Seems to be well made with good quality material . Jug gurgles as water feeds to the drinking bowl . Husky jumps back and slowly sneaks up on it again . Lab assumes it 's his stomach growling , as always .
 Seems to be well made with good quality material . Jug gurgles as water feeds to the drinking bowl . Husky jumps back and slowly sneaks up on it again . Lab assumes it 's his stomach growling , as always .
 Just ordered two of these to make it easier on the house/pet sitter when we are out of town . They work great ! Our dogs have no problem using them . We are going to use it as their regular water bowl even when we 're in town as it saves having multiple bowls out at once and lasts a couple days between refills . Great product !
 works as expected , and the cat seems to drink more water since I started using this item
 I HAVE SEVERAL CATS AND I LOVE THIS WATERER , IT IS HEAVY ONCE IT 'S FILLED BUT THAT 'S TO BE EXPECTED.I WISH I WOULD 'VE GOTTEN IT A LONG TIME AGO . MY CATS ARE INDOOR CATS.I DO FILL IT IN THE TUB BUT I KNEW BEFORE I BOUGHT IT , IT WOULD NOT FIT IN THE SINKS !! DUH !! I GUESS IT BOILS DOWN TO WHAT YOU ARE WILLING TO DO FOR YOUR ANIMALS , DO N'T KNOW THAT I WOULD BUY THIS FOR A DOG CERTAINLY NOT MEDIUM OR LARGE DOG , SMALL DOG IT SHOULD BE JUST FINE !! GREAT !! THANKS AMAZON !!
 This was a great purchase as I recently adopted a third dog who is too small to reach the toilets those days when the water bowl got empty :-O Anyway , this serves the purpose and gives peace of mind ! I 've had it about a month now and they all like it although it `` gurgles '' sometimes and startles them -LRB- when the new water comes down as they drink -RRB- but this definitely has entertainment value and does n't stop them from using it . I took off 1 star because the base seems pretty cheap -LRB- a two part plastic snap together deal that has little tabs that look like they wo n't last that long -RRB- , but the 5 gal . bottle is tough and sturdy and when it is all put together , it is pretty solid as a unit . My big dogs -LRB- Pitbull and Boxer -RRB- have n't messed with it at all -LRB- i.e. , tipped it over , moved it or chewed on it -RRB- . For 29.00 bucks , it was a good purchase .
 Fills easy . I have 2 medium cats and the water lasts so long I sometimes forget to fill it . It 's never been knocked over . I can leave and never worry about water . The microban filter is a plus when you have water like ours .
 Saves the hassel of having to fill the water bowl everyday . I have a large dog and she drinks a lot of water . She loves it too .
 Great device ! The only problem I have encountered with the 5-gallon version is that the water bowl tends to need cleaning from grass and other stuff getting into it from the dog 's mouth before all the water is used up . Unless you have a couple of very thirsty dogs , go for the smaller version . Also , the auto-replenishment of the bowl from the bottle makes a gurgle noise that make startle your dogs but they should get used to it .
 This was a great product to purchase for my 4 dogs . I was sick of filling the water all the time . Thanks to this product I only have to do it occasionally . Amazon had the best proce on this item . Petstores were twice as much ! Plus , microban is in the bowl .
 I was very excited to receive this item since my brother has one for his dog and is constantly singing its praises . Unfortunately , the first one I received from Amazon had a broken bottle so I returned it only to receive a second one , also with the bottle crushed . So they both went back and I decided I 'd just go to the local pet store and buy one . When it 's not broken it works wonderfully !
 I have been using one of these dispensers for years . The last one lasted about 7 years before the bottle developed a crack in it . Works like a charm to keep enough water available for 2 large dogs in Arizona -LRB- I have the larger size -RRB- . It is not without care in cleaning though . To keep water clean , occasionally I put some bleach in the bottle and fill with hot water . Allow to set for awhile then rinse very well . This will keep things like algae and mold from growing in the bottle . I wash the bottom out with hot soapy water periodically and every once in awhile put some bleach in it and fill it up to soak as well . Other than that it is very carefree and I feel good knowing my doggies have enough water available . I will always have one of these around .
 I have 2 of these and love them . . except when the puppy plays in the bowl ! .
 I purchased one of these waterers two years ago at Petsmart and was happy with it . I just take a look when I 'm getting ready for work and if the bottle is empty I put it under the sink faucet and fill it up . I can pick it up and put it back in the water dish with one hand and not spill any water on the floor.After two years the seam in the top of the bottle -LRB- which is where all the weight sits because you turn it over to put on the dish -RRB- broke , which I 'm ok with because I believe I got a lot of value for my $ 15 investment . So I went to Petsmart to get a new one and they did n't carry them anymore . The same manufacturer is selling a new model that has filters that you replace every ? I did n't even bother looking at the filters because I was n't planning on using them.The problem with the new model is that the bottle is much wider and now I had to use two hands to take off and refill and put back on . EVEN WORSE , when I turned it over to put back on the dish , water pours out and all over my floor . I tried it with and without the filter , I tried stooping down and doing it faster , putting the dish on the counter and then turning the bottle over and still got water all over my counter . The new model was so inconvenient and messy I took it back and bought my old model on Amazon . And now we -LRB- me and my dogs -RRB- are all happy again .
 Works great , good product.Holds enough water for my dog so he never has to go with out on the days I have to work late or do n't get home when planned .
 My dogs have been enjoying this water bowl for about two years . We need to fill it about twice a week . The issue is cleaning it . If it is not cleaned thoroughly , it will grow algae in unreachable areas of the 5-gallon jug , especially along the ridged areas . I have been using a wired , bendable brush that I insert changing the shape of the wire as needed to reach different areas . However , the brush is n't long enough to reach down to the bottom ridges . Can Amazon or any readers suggest a longer , wire-twisted brush with a handle no less than 12 '' long . I have n't been able to find one . Otherwise , we think it 's a convenient way to water the dogs !
 I bought this because i have a dog and cat who hang out outside all the time . I was tired of refilling the water dish . This is just the perfect size . Not too big , not too small .
 I love the product . There 's enough of an opening to add some crushed ice in before filling with water . We have it outside on the deck and we have full sun all day so the water stays cooler with a bit of ice . Easy to clean too . The only drawback is it 's heavy when refilling . So happy I bought this .
 We got the five gallon size and found out that the water bowl was getting dirty after about two or three days -LRB- After some detective work we discovered that the cat likes to wash his paws in the water ! -RRB- So now we just fill it halfway and it 's much easier to remove the water reservoir and clean the bowl . So far no mold has built up and overall we are pleased with the product . It fits easily in the corner with the dog 's food bowl and alleviates our worry about the dog running out of water while we are at work during the day.The construction is ok and so far we have had no issues with the unit .
 It is a pleasure to give the dog water once a week I have a 60lb shepherd who drinks alot of water . It is a bit bulky but at least it is only a once a week fillup . I have a utility sink that is deep enough to accomodate it . It is not kitchen sink freindly the bottle is the same size as a water cooler bottle . It would be great if you could open the top and pour water in ... my # 1 wish for something like this
 This Petmate replaced a smaller size unit - unfortunately the previous unit did not hold up to Texas heat very well and became very brittle and ended up developing a crack . This model appears to be thicker and is shaded now - we could n't be happier with Petmate 's watering/food products .
 This is a great waterer . Works well , my cats love it , spend lots of time trying to catch the bubbles as they appear in the bottle .
 I agree with others who remarked that the size can make the tank awkward to handle . I like to filter my pets ' water , but bc of its size I am forced to use tap water from my tub . I do have some rescue dogs . I adopted my long haired chihuahua in the summer of 2007 and noticed he did not drink much even though it was quite warm . I lated learned that he was afraid of the gurgling noise ! -LRB- This from a 5 pound chi who wants to take on dogs many times his size -RRB- . He did eventually acclimate to the sound it makes . For customers who are purchasing ANY waterer like this for first time , I would suggest making an alternate water source available - such as a bowl - until you are certain your pets will drink from it . All in all , this is a great product that can be very beneficial as long as you monitor your pets ' intake initially .
 the tank works great and stays cleaner than others I have had in the past but someone should have engineered some kind of handle into it . I have spilled a lot of water on the floor getting the tank back on top . Still I would recommend this dog water dish , and it can be a bit funny to watch the dogs get used to the bubbling of the water tank .
 My 8yo cat is skittish around this waterer ! I am in shock , but she usually warms up to things eventually . I 'd rather she be hesitant than knock the whole thing over like some other cats I 've been reading about . I first put the dish and lid -LRB- that the bottle sits in -RRB- into the dishwasher . They came out perfectly fine , I just rinsed the water bottle since someone else said that it would get damaged in the dishwasher . I filled the water bottle and tipped it into the base -LRB- all within the confines of the kitchen sink -RRB- . By the time the reserve dish filled and then the bowl filled -LRB- from the little hole -RRB- , the gallon jug was down about 1/5 of its water . So , I took the bottle out , refilled it , then put it on the base again while it was full of water . This way , I was able to increase the amount of water available . I mostly did this because the subsequent `` burble/gurgling '' of the jug emptying into the reserve dish scared the daylights out of my cat . It took her a full day to get enough nerve to approach the dish . By that point she was probably quite parched . It seems to be working great , and we do n't have to worry about her getting any UT infections or kidney problems . I am just wondering if it will stay clean until the water is out . I might end up washing it before she drinks that much water ... but we 'll see . Great product , I would recommend to anyone who does n't want to deal with the motors , plugs , waterfalls and filters of the more expensive waterers .
 The thing works just like a water cooler and is simple to set up . You just snap the two black plastic pieces togother , fill up the bottle , then put the bottle down , no battery or anything like that . I bought this big one instead of the smaller one just in case I have to be out of town for a while -LRB- got tired of asking people to come over my place to feed the dog -RRB- . I also bought the `` Petmate Automatic Pet Feeder '' to go with this . Now I can take of for a couple of days without having to worry much .
 Like the size and the price . Had one that was bigger , but the water that sat in the bowl became dirty . This one cycles thru just fine and holds about a weeks worth of water for our cat . About $ 10 cheaper than what I found in the local pet store .
 This works wonderfully for my 3 german shepherd dogs . They do n't know it over and make a big mess . The water will last about 5 days , I do n't have to worry with constantly filling up a water bowl .
 Recently returned home from a 6 day trip . The Boys were fed and there was several days worth of food left ready to be dispensed!Petmate Le Bistro Electronic Portion-Control Automatic Pet Feeder , BlackWe purchased the Petmate Petmate Le Bistro with Microban Waterer Small 1 Gallon , Black , and The Boys had plenty of fresh water!These two Le Bistro products work very well for me . Been using both for about 4 months now ... no problems ! I use them inside the house so I can not attest to their durability outside.The feeder is an electronic -LRB- battery operated -RRB- device and is not meant to be left outside.The water bowl is like an office water cooler ... and it works very well for 2 cats.The water bowl and the food dispenser are still working like the day I bought them ! They have been life savers for us ! We can go away for a week and the Boys are fed and watered . Ok ... so we had to get a couple of extra litter boxes ... but that was far cheaper than putting the Boys up at the Vet or worrying about a pet sitter robbing us blind ... or doing rude things to our toothbrushes and rummaging through my girlfriend 's lingere drawer ... let me do that ! LOL ! Awesome product ! Well worth the price ! This is now October 2011 and the feeder and water dispenser are several years old . We change the batteries in the feeder about every 8 months whether they need to be changed or not . Long story short , LeBistro is rockin the cat house!UPDATE
 I am so thankful to have this now my two cats can drink all day for over a month without me having to fill up there water bowl . I love this so much everyone with a pet should own this water dish .
 This is a nice unit and with 6 dogs works great . It is easy to keep clean and does n't need to be constantly refilled . Good for big dogs as the drinker bowl is large .
 well we have had it with two large dogs for several years , inside our home ... never an issue . but it will break when you drop it full of water on a concrete floor . :D sucks for us but the dogs loved it . it was like christmas for no reason .
 I bought this about a month ago and I find it to be super handy having a 60 # lab and my mini dachshund . . They went through a bowl of water in a day , and having this gives them water for about a week . . Give or take a day depending on how thirsty they are . Just overall a great product !
 I like the Le Bistro Waterer for my dogs . It is easy to use and maintain . PetSmart made a big mistake pulling this item from their shelves . The bowls are easy to take apart and clean and the water bottle is easy to fill -LRB- as much as 5 gallons is heavy to pick up -RRB- .
 Saves me time and effort - my crew loves it . They can come and go as they please . This is my second , the 1st lasted 8 yrs . Peace
 with 2 dogs & 1 cat this is the perfect system they can all get their drink and the amount of water last for more then two weeks.I would recommend petmate24301 ,5 gal to anyone with pets .
 Seems like I was always having to refill the water dish . Bought this from the Amazon warehouse and have found a myriad of uses for it . It feeds and waters my chickens . -LRB- Yes , you can put hen feed in it with a funnel and it will dispense the feed until it is empty . -LRB- The one in the hen house I painted so as not to tease the chickens . -RRB- I leave one in the barn for the barn cats . My house dog no longer is forced to drink out of the toilet if I am gone all day . I fill this up before I leave and , -LRB- Insert hallelujah !!! here -RRB- , when I return at the end of a frenzied shopping trip , he still has water.Full , this weighs over 40 pounds . That is the only drawback , it can be heavy to try and fit down on the base . I think I would like it better if it had a screw on cap on the top so you could fill it without lifting it off the base . I do n't know how a kitten could tip it over . Perhaps when it gets only 1/4 full ? So far , I have not had even my rooster , Cornelius , tip it over.I liked the first one I bought so well , I bought another and also bought a one gallon one for my little chicks in my brooder house . -LRB- I put a grid of hardware cloth over the small one to keep the chicks from falling in and drowning.I give it five stars because it does exactly what it is supposed to , it supplies five gallons of water for my animals and I do n't have to go outside several times a day to make sure they still have water.I do recommend cleaning it about once a month , -LRB- more often in hot weather -RRB- , with a 10 percent bleach solution to prevent algae from growing if it is outside in hot weather .
 It 's a little tricky to fill and position without spilling because of it 's size . And the Microban does n't seem to work very well if water is left in -LRB- like over a vacation . -RRB-
 I would say that these are perhaps even better for small dogs than you 'd think , because they 're so huge that they ca n't be swallowed . The only problem is if your pup tries to eat the whole thing in one sitting , it may cause a bit of intestinal grumbling.My Jack Russell Terror loves them , and she NEVER chews anything , so that 's quite an accomplishment . It keeps her busy , does a number on her teeth , and is just generally a great time-waster all around . They are a bit smelly but as long as I give her an appropriate surface to chew on -LRB- ex . a towel on the floor -RRB- , she does n't try to bring them up on the furniture.My only real complaint is that there are a LOT of tiny pieces left in the bottom of the bag , which are n't so useful because I have to supervise my dog pretty closely when she eats these .
 My 10 month old Boxer puppy really likes these . They do have a stinky smell , but it does n't waft throughout the house so it does n't bother me . I wish they lasted longer . She makes pretty short work of them , and I 'd really like to find a chew that would keep her busy longer than 15 minutes ! Price was fairly reasonable in comparison to other similar products I 've purchased .
 My dogs think these are delicious , and they are much better for them than rawhides . Even my fastest chewer gets chewing satisfaction out of these !
 The dogs prefer this chew treat over any other ! -LRB- and I 've tried at least 30 different treats/chews in all sizes . -RRB- Even though they like most treats , this one wins for chew time and flavor . I have two Lab mixes -LRB- both 4 years old -RRB- and they both stay occupied for quite a while with these . My female tends to chew them into less large pieces but still good sized chunks then swallow fast so she can have another . At first I have to watch her and make her realize she needs to `` chew . '' My male absolutely savors them . He gets one , finds a good spot , circles , then settles in to chew and absorb the flavor . My dogs are big - 85 and 95 pounds - so it takes about 3-4 pieces each for them to settle down for a nap.Yes , as other reviews mention , these chews have a scent . But it is a BEEF scent . I actually do n't mind the `` aroma '' and as long as the dogs do n't leave one lying around -LRB- never -RRB- then the scent is n't going to linger . I do n't even notice it when they are sitting next to me chewing . I think that if your dog is very tuned into you and your emotions , moods , or thoughts , and you scowl and think you do n't like the scent , your dog might have a hard time taking to this treat because he/she will sense your disapproval.As for digging around in the bag or tin to find the right size piece , I agree that I do this because my two dogs are different . But I 've solved this by using a sandwich baggie on my hand like a glove . The baggies with a fold top are fairly thin and easy to use and of course disposable . This prevents the scent from lingering on my hands . So I hope you try this chew - these are the perfect treat for the DOG . -LRB- In my opinion of course . -RRB-
 We buy the larger size tendons and use a pair of hand held garden tree trimmers to cut them down . We have two toy poodles and they love them . Once they are cut down to about 3 '' strips they are a perfect size for a snack.Beef Tendons 1 lb . - Large
 Our Boxer girl loves these and sometimes she wo n't chew a larger pizzle/bully stick ... She 's not typically picky , but seems to particularly love these , and they occupy her for about a half hour or so . Be advised
 We have a little 35 pound pit/mix and he eats these in about 3 minutes . He grabs it , then goes to a certain spot on our rug to chew it up . So if you have a breed with a powerful set of jaws , you should n't have a problem with them stinking or being left around the house . Most dogs love these things , because they are more appetising , and easier to digest than rawhide -LRB- they are also more nutritious -RRB- . Other great thing about these things , is that it helps clean their teeth , and lets them expend a bit of energy.A doggy 's jaw needs some excercise , which it does n't really get chewing on kibble . These make great treats . Our dog used to get separation anxiety when we left , but we started giving him treats right before leaving , and he 'd go chew it up as we left , and he stopped getting getting anxious about us leaving .
 I purchased these as a low cost alternative to Bully Sticks . They are too soft for our 48lb PitMix who simply crunches them like tortilla chips , but perfect for our Mini -LRB- 11lb -RRB- Dachshund who loves them . While softer than bully sticks , it still takes her several `` sessions '' to finish a single tendon strip . They have a slight odor , but more like a smoked Slim Jim than the `` stink '' of a bully stick .
 My wife and I just got a 12 week old American Bulldog and she loves them . I am overseas so I have n't seen it yet but my wife says she eats them right up . Says they smell but its to be expected . She feeds her one when she leaves in the morning for work and has to leave her in her crate all day . Or when she has to take her eyes off of her for a few minutes . Dixie gets tunnel vision when she eats them . My wife says they only last about 15-20 min but my dog is a heavy chewer even with baby teeth . I will be buying a few more packs then i will prob search for something that last a lil longer . maybe a XXXXXXL size lol
 If your dog is a heavy chewer these are obviously tasty but not nearly as hard as bully sticks . If you want to give your dog a `` project '' while you are away from home I suggest you do n't expect this product to substitute for the more expensive , heavy duty bully sticks . I keep these and the bully sticks in my freezer . The frozen bully stick keeps my labrador busy for a few hours . These treats are gone before my car has left the driveway . For the reviews that say this product is smelly , keeping it in the freezer in a freezer baggie solves that problem .
 My dogs do n't care much for odor-free chew toys but that 's not a problem with these beef tendons . They smell kind of like cheese rind left out in the sun but boy , do the dogs love them . They are pretty hard so they last quite a long time , at least for my small dogs . I try to be in a different room when they are eating them though !
 These are made out of dried beef tendon , which besides being tasty for your pup , is great for their dental health . These are very competitively priced and are of high quality . The only drawback is that they are a little rich if you have a small dog , so I would limit to 1 a day if you do . More than that you could cause loose stool for your pup , but you get that with any rich treats you give your dog and is not unique to this item .
 Beef tendons were recommended by our dog trainer because they are natural , as opposed to rawhides . She says that it 's important for dogs to chew 20-30 minutes a day . Our dogs are as picky as could be and wo n't eat anything . They love these . They do n't want them all of the time , but when they do , they eat the whole thing .
 Our dogs loved these , actually caused a first fight between two of them . We wo n't buy again because of the cost , they can go through these like a piece of bacon .
 The dog loves these but they are devoured so fast you must be careful how many you give the dog a day ...
 This is a good value , and my dogs really LOVE these ! They do smell , but keep my dogs happy and busy , so it 's worth it .
 One of my dogs favorite treats . A similar product at the local pet supply store is priced at twice as much .
 Always a pleasure to do business with this seller . Products are just what my dogs love . Great value . Great service . Great product .
 I 'm a repeat customer for this item many times over . My 4 dogs love them.So do I since they 're one of the `` chews '' that actually last awhile.For a real treat I sometimes smear peanut butter or cheese on them and send 'em all out into the fenced yard for the afternoon . -LRB- smear the chews , not the dogs -RRB- Get these ... be creative or not , as you choose . But your dogs will probably appreciate them no matter what .
 They are good . I wish they came in smaller pieces for the smaller dogs .
 I 've bought bully sticks on amazon.com before that were freeze dried to the point where my dog simply crunched through them like potato chips . These bully sticks are much better than those my dog has tried in the past . They are more `` moist '' and , rather than crunching to pieces , they are chewey . Each one lasts my Rhodesian Ridgeback about 20 minutes . I guess they 're kinda smelly , but it does n't really bother me , as long as she 's happy and busy ! They 're a tasty change from her everyday raw hides . Would by this brand again .
 My dog Creed loves these beef tendons ! They 're different sizes so I can pick the right one for the day . He 's a big boy so they take him a little time to devour . -LRB- The little sticks take only a few seconds . -RRB- I know they 're natural and healthier than the other kinds you get at the grocery store . This is the best price I 've seen for them .
 Our dog has went through an entire 1 lb package . He loves the treats and I enjoy giving them to him as they do n't splenter . The tendons soften with little chewing on the dog 's part . I 'm fine with this as this is an everyday treat for our dog . They 're cheap , the smell is n't pleasant but not terribly strong , and the price is right ! I will continue to order .
 I cut these in half and my small , spoiled , often fussy dogs line up for their pieces and dance with joy . So cute ! They usually get bored getting the same treat again and again -- except for these , which I suspect they 'd gobble every day if I let them . I keep it to 3 times a week , usually as a lunch meal for them , so they digest it fully before dinner time . No one 's ever had a tummy ache from it and they slowly chew away at their pieces for a long , happy hour . One note to humans
 These are great long-lasting treats , even for large breeds . They could be improved if they were half their size . Each one is a pretty good sized portion . But my finicky dogs love them .
 I have two labs that love these beef tendons . They are consumable and healthier for dogs than raw hide snacks . My dogs tend to wolf things down unfortunately but when they were younger these tendons kept them busy chewing for awhile .
 My only complaint -LRB- if you can call it that -RRB- is that some pieces were huge and hard . Hard like a brick , hard . Most were not though . So maybe it was a fluke . Pup enjoyed them nonetheless .
 I was surprised by the sheer size of these chews . Our 14 year old dog enjoys them for a leisurely treat and our spunky young dog stays occupied with them for quite a while . I ca n't imagine either dog chasing down a big ole cow to get one for themselves but straight from the bag ... our dogs are yapping for more . On a side note ... they STINK ! Best to let the dogs outside with them !
 Yup , just what I was thinkin . My dog went nuts over these here things and stole the whole darn bag out from under that Christmas tree in my living room . Ate it , wrapping an everything . I 'll buy these again but maybe just put them somewhere where Ruger ca n't get to em .
 This was the first time that I got these and my dog loved them . They are rather long , which I did not expect , and they are hard to break . But all in all , they were a huge hit with my pup .
 I have a pit bull and rottweiler , their both like the treatand their no like much special treatsmy dog Pit bull is 10 yo , and when he eat something different heget stomach problems . this treat are good for him .
 I do n't understand how dogs can chew on these stinky things ... but ... he does and loves it . My vet tells me the Beef Tendons help keep the teeth clean too . The price , when compared to the single tendons you buy at a pet shop , is terrific value for the 1lb bag .
 A little pricey , but the dogs love these and they last longer than other bones . Much less expensive than buying locally at stores
 These chews are a good deal for the price but think I will have to hack them in half for my dogs so they last longer . They are smelly but dogs like that!Good price !
 My dogs have never had these before but I decided to order them and give them a try . I just got them in the mail earlier and gave one to each of my dogs and they were chewing on them for 2hrs ... I left for a bit and just got home again and they greeted me at the door but then rushed right back to their treats and are still chewing at them . They seem to really love them and it definitely keeps them occupied ! They are also a lot bigger then I thought they 'd be so I 'm happy with this product .
 These treats arrived just one day after ordering them!My 5 year old Cardigan Welsh Corgi , moderate chewer , spent about 8-10 minutes eating this . Not as long as a bully stick , but he does n't seem to like bully sticks anymore so I had to find something to keep him busy . No stomach troubles to report , so far . Stinky things , but not anything intolerable.I will be buying these again !
 i was on amazon searching for bully sticks when i ran into this . read others ' reviews and figured i might as well have my dog try them . she LOVES them !!! we alternate treats between this and the bully sticks . i 'm sure she appreciates the variety . i 'm already ordering my 2nd bag . : -RRB-
 I got this bag to replace the ones we were buying at $ 4.99 a pop at the petstore . These are smaller in size -LRB- length -RRB- than the petstore ones . Otherwise , good to go ; they smell , but not more than expected . They do n't make my dog sick in any way . It takes my 9 mo boxer mix about 60m to finish one .
 he likes these , not as much as the bull sticks . good for mixing it up a bit , and one will keep him busy for up to an hour !
 These are really good items and my dogs love them . They really smell so I put them in a sealed container . I only wish they lasted a couple of hours but alas the dogs really like them and they chew them constanly until they are gone .
 My dog LOVES these ! And I give these out to my dog 's doggie friends and they love them , too . It is good for their teeth & gums and not hard on their digestive tract like regular rawhide . The beef tendons are hard to find , and found that Amazon was the best price . There are two sizes ... the regular & small , so if you like to cut them in half to make them last longer , just buy the small size b/c they do n't easily cut -LRB- or break for that matter -RRB- .
 I got these as a treat for my beagle , Barclay . He absolutely loves them , and they keep him occupied for hours . It 's a great all natural treat , I have already bought more !
 My 3 little dogs love these . They are very large , very hard , about 10 '' long and fairly thick . Great for dogs who love to chew , they last the entire day , sometimes into the next . Only one ingredient-beef tendons . Made in Brazil . This 1 lb bag is a great deal with approximately 12 very large , all natural pieces . I have purchased these several times .
 I have tried dozens of dog treats and this is one of only two , that my dogs want anything to do with . Plus the tendons are large enough to where my large dogs can not eat them in one swallow . Will be ordering again .
 They are not the same . The pieces are a lot bigger and my dog goes through the bag fairly quicker than before . The quality also seems a little less than what I have had in the past . Nevertheless my dog likes them and I still get these every once in awhile . The price is n't bad and it keeps him busy and satisfies his chewing needs .
 My guys really enjoys these chews and I get some quiet time . They are completely chewable and do n't get soggy like rawhide . They can be a little stinky so I sometimes soak them and let they dry out again .
 This bag is perfect for my 5 pound toy poodle.It 's very sturdy , heavy material-looks like thick leather , very elegant , and spacious for a pet to move inside unseen & not be stuffed in a bag . It looks like a purse , works well to take anywhere . I 've taken it in supermarkets & restaurants and it has been perfect.The outside zipper pockets are large & work great for a wallet , treats or plastic bags.There 's a nylon covered removable foam liner in the bottom , which is adequate but I fold a soft towel in for extra padding . The zippers are not a locking , so do n't plan to use it as a crate-as it 's not escape proof , but for carrying a well mannered pet , it 's perfect . I 'd looked at a lot of carriers in pet stores and online and for the money , this is the highest quality , best constructed , most elegant , sturdy pet carrier I 've found for this price .
 It took a lot of search effort , nut I have finally found the bone I was looking for for my 90 pound dog , Mikey ! The Sterile Bone , @ 6 inches , is just right for flinging , chewing , & licking peanut butter out of ! My dog loves it ! The bone is treated so it does n't easily splinter & break , & lasts a long time . Mikey had one years back & he chewed it down to pieces ; now he can start on his new one . I 'm sure it 'll last years , like the last one . Yay !
 My dogs have loved these bones for years , and they also make great gifts for friends dogs . They will spend a lot of time chewing and gnawing on them , which helps their teeth .
 My dog absolutely loves these sterilized bones -LRB- I think we have 5 or more scattered throughout the house -RRB- . These were great ; pretty much the same as ones I have purchased from Petsmart in the past . I started buying them online because the stores near me no longer carry them . Anyway , my dog chews pretty heavily on these bones , so chips do come off the bone occasionally , but no more than is typical in my experience . Furthermore , my dog has never been injured by the chipping . My experience with these sterilized bones has been good !
 I totally endorse purchasing these sterile bones for dogs . The fact that they have been sterilized gives peace of mind and the fact that the dogs , especially has them means that other things in the house do not get chewed !! Excellent product .
 We bought this at our local Petco , it is the same item , made by the same company , currently selling for the same price . It 's the only thing that 's worked , so far , for our inveterate bowl-tipping - and - dragging cat . I was so tired of walking thru a puddle of water or tripping over the bowl she 'd drag halfway across the kitchen floor almost on a daily basis.WE TRIED OTHER THINGS : heavier , weighted bowls for dogs , so-called no-tip and no - drag bowls that were stainless steel with rubber rings on the bottom , bowls in metal racks/holders , etc. . Nothing worked.This has worked , for us , and will also let us load them up and do short weekend getaways and not worry she 'll be out of water or food due to spills , as before.The only negative is , for me , that the items are made of lightweight plastic and are expensive for what they are made of and what they do . Five bucks less and I may not have minded ...
 I got these for my cat , since he was going to be alone most of the day while we were on vacation . He used to tip his previous water bowl and now he ca n't because this one is so heavy . I 've seen him try though ! So now I 've left the waterer for every day use , changing the water every couple of days , and only use the feeder when we go away for the weekend . Excellent products , guarantees a permanent source of water - very important for your cat , and great looking , too !
 Continuously bending over to fill the water dish and replenish the food supply every day is hard on the old back . Using this product means I do n't have to . I love it . It 's perfect .
 I found these dispensers indispensable . I ca n't be around all the time and my cat still needs to eat . Also great for long vacations as it makes the cat-sitter 's job an every-other day event instead of 2 or 3 times a day . P.S. my cat did NOT get fat from having food around all the time .
 Purchased this primarily to feed some feral cats that arrived in my yard ... putting a bowl outside daily was getting to be a pain . This set works well , water bottle has n't produced any mold/mildew so far , and hopefully wo n't , like a cheap one I bought at Walmart last year . The set is a little smaller than I envisioned it , but a gallon is a gallon and works well . It is a bit pricey , but so far worth it .
 My cats just love it . They would rather eat out of this system than their normal bowls . We are able to leave them for a few days without worrying . Happy Cats !
 an earlier review said that it was cheaply made , and should have cost five dollars less . thicker material would n't add anything to this product . it works great . good for vacations or for everyday use . you do n't have to fill it more than every two weeks .
 I absolutely love the Petmate Feeder and Watering System because it is clean and very useful since I do n't have to re-fill it for over 2 weeks . I am comfortable knowing that my pet will have sufficient food and water supply for when I am gone the whole day and it does not spill . I recommend this product to anyone that has small pets , it is worth it .
 My cat really loves this water dispenser . She is drinking more than ever and I am enjoying it 's capacity . I do not have to fill either container that often , and the openings for dry food and for water are large enough my cat can easily eat and drink . The products would accomidate a small dog as well , quite easily . I am very happy I ordered these pet food and water dispensers .
 I bought this combo for my two six months old kittens . It works completely as advertised . Highly recommended for times when you will be away for a few days .
 These hold a lot of water and food . They are easy to clean . They do n't leak . Excellent for a multi-pet home .
 This is one of my dogs -LRB- and I have many little dogs -RRB- favorite treats to eat .
 i have 5 rat terries and they love these things . they are good for them as they are mostly natural which is good due to i have one that can not have much crude fat . just have to shop around to see who has best prices as they can be expensive .
 We have bought almost every type of dog treats for our two Yorkies and when they -LRB- not us -RRB- like a product we buy it until it is no longer available . Piggy Puffs is one of those the dogs like . Really like . When the bag comes out of hiding they are standing there with their ears perked and ready to eat . Other treats do not get anywhere near the reception . While Yorkies are know as yappers among other things these two just settle down with their Piggy Puff and grant us peace and quiet . We have never had an instance of choking such as some treats have a tendency to do nor have we noticed any negative results in their stools . All around , these are good delights for the dogs and that makes us happy . What more can you ask for ?
 It is almost impossible to find a toy my doberman does n't destroy . She has had this ball for months and it is just as good as the day I got it for our pomeranians ! She absolutely LOVES it .
 Unexpectedly the `` perfect ball '' for my large dogs . For some last minute Christmas Eve fun , I grabbed six toys from Hartz off the shelf at the grocery store for my rescues and foster dogs . Two of the toys labeled `` Tuff '' were obliterated within 5-10 min . Out of the toys I bought , the Tiny Dog ball has surprised me the most . Three days later , it and two Chew 'n Clean bones are the only ones that remain . I had my mini dachshund in mind when I bought it , but my Labs and Pointer mix love it . It fits just right in their mouths but it is n't so small that it 's a choking hazard . I do n't know how to fully describe it , but it 's got just the right amount durablility , give & spring-back , so that my toughest chewers have n't been able to puncture it or tear at it like they can tennis balls and even kong toys . So it 's definitely tough , yet it 's still light enough that the bigger dogs can catch it in the air . It bounces well too , which makes it fun when I 'm playing fetch with them . My 7-month-old Lab carries it around for hours on end while the others try to get it from him . It 's certainly the prize toy of the house at the moment . When this one wears out , I will be buying another !
 We had bells in a plastic ball for the cat . She was not a fan . At some point or another our dog got a hold of it , and went crazy for the bell toy . Of course cat toys are not suitable for dogs -LRB- one chomp n it would be gone for -RRB- , so we took the toy away.Thus started the hunt to find a bell toy for our pup . I usually try to avoid Hartz products , because they are never really that durable , but I thought I would give this one a shot . Surprisingly this product appears to be very durable . The plastic seems like not something she will be able to chew up immediately.It is by no means her favorite toy -LRB- that would be the giggle ball -RRB- but she does like it , and I like that it is more quiet on our floors then the giggle ball when it is dropped . There is a hole that I feel may be a bit too big , if the bell gets smushed I would be concerned it could fall out . Our pup does not have the jaw strength to demolish the bell like that , but I would only recommend it for dogs up to 15lbs . Our pup Bailey is 11 # and it seems to be the perfect size.Sooo I would recommend this product for little dogs , who like toys that make noises , but not for medium or large dogs .
 wow . i was so glad to finally find this toy . my doxie is an aggressive chewer and tears up everything we buy him . . i came across this tiny ball from hartz about 1 yr ago at a small family dollar store in winchester ky. he couldnt tear it up and still has it . . now mind you it 's kinda wobbly but he still plays with it and chews but hasnt yet succeeded in getting the bell out of the center . . i was so glad hartz steered me in your direction . . please keep them in stock as i will order a couple at least every year . . thanks for letting me review this product which is wonderful by the way . .
 My Shepherd is a big guy , 125lbs . He knows exactly when you bring one of these balls into the house by the smell alone . He has a habit of chewing them so hard that he deforms the bell inside and it falls out of the hole . They 're by far his favorite toy . He has 3 separate games he plays with them and me . He 'll go to the far end of our kitchen and push it hard to me across the floor so I can kick it back to him . If I 'm sitting inthe kitchen he 'll come up and drop it behind my back , so I can get it and throw it . He also will drop it on my lap while I 'm sitting in my recliner .
 We got another dog and I had to buy a 2nd because they are both constantly gnawing on it . In addition , for some reason , they like chasing it better than their other throw toys . It holds-up well ; the first one is on its eight year . Highly recommended .
 My mini-dachshund keeps himself entertained all day with these balls . The rubber is hard enough that he ca n't destroy it and he likes the textures surface . Also it 's good for playing fetch outside as the sun goes down because he can track the location of the ball by the noise the little bell makes inside . NOTE
 So my baby -LRB- dog -RRB- who I love so very much went blind thanks to the people who live next door . Before this happened my dog loved to pay catch then he went blind n could not play because he could n't see the ball once I got this ball with a bell he 's been so happy cuz he gets to play catch !
 My little dog is so obsessed with this ball ! She takes it with her everywhere in and outside of the house . To bed , , , , her feeding bowl , , , on the couch and etc. . When she takes it outside she nudges it off the side of the deck , or under the fence and begins to `` WAIL '' until someone gets it for her . Too funny !!
 My dog recently went blind so I needed to find some toys that made noise . This toy is GREAT ! Believe it or not I did a lot of research online trying to find the perfect toy that my dog could n't tear up in seconds and this one is good quality . My dog loves it so much that I might end up buying more .
 Great toy . Have been trying to replace a rubber ball with a bell inside for several months now . Shopped Petsmart , Petco , Target , Walmart , K-mart . Bought a similar ball at Petco distributed by International Pet Supplies and Distribution , Inc. -- My schnauzer/poodle mix had it chewed into bits in under an hour . This ball by Hartz is much better and can stand up to a great deal of chewing .
 Our 75lb German Shepherd heavy chewer puppy absolutely loves this ball . It 's about medium size as far as balls go , but it is n't too small for his mouth . The bell inside the ball keeps his attention while playing with it . And the hard rubber that it 's made out of , he has n't punctured yet after a month of solid playing .
 First of all , since the description does n't mention it , this ball is almost exactly the size of a rubber racquet ball , and the colors do vary if that matters at all to you.I originally got this because one of my dogs likes to chew and loves things with noises . She has had all sorts of chew toys that do n't last more than a few hours . I specifically wanted a ball she could chew since she loves to chew up tennis balls from the pet store , but those only last 1-2 minutes and are a mess with the felt-like material shredded everywhere and the rubber from the actual ball torn to pieces . Most importantly I was always afraid she would swallow any of those pieces and wanted something safer for her to chew on . This ball seems durable enough and I thought she 'd like the texture enough to chew on it -LRB- she does n't chew racquet balls that we use for fetch -RRB- . She and my other dog will fetch it , but unfortunately , the one time that I want them to chew a toy they do n't chew it ! Anyway , this makes a good fetch toy for us but I could have stuck with racquet balls which I get much cheaper and only need to replace if they get lost -LRB- maybe once a year -RRB- .
 Years ago I found a ball like this on the side of the road when I was walking one of my dogs . He picked it up and took it with us . He loved playing fetch with it and chewing on it.The ball was indestructible ! He carries it everywhere , you can not take it away from him without a workout !! Because I was scared one day he may loose it , I went on Amazon to try and find another . -LRB- The local stores did not carry it ... -RRB- I purchased 5 ! 4 for my dog , and one for a friends dog.Great bouncing and throwing ball . The jingle bell will drive them crazy !
 I bought this ball for my busy beagle . I put little treats in it and she rolls it all around the house . It is the only toy she has n't chewed to pieces .
 I 've bought rawhide chips in the store for my dogs , but for the about the same cost , these are bigger and thicker . My dogs love them !
 I was thrilled ! to find my dog 's favorite treat at a reasonable price . She was thrilled ! with the quick shipping and easy availability of so many treats in one place !!!
 I have purchased the Soothing Serum and also the Calming , Separation Anxiety , Flea , Tick and Joint Rub serums . They are all excellent products and have been very effective on my two dogs . They do n't leave any greasy spots like the others I have tried , and they do n't spill all over so you can take them with you in your purse or bag . My groomer keeps the Calming and Separation anxiety blends on hand now for his `` worried '' dogs . I also give these as gifts now to all my friends who adopt dogs or get a new puppy . I highly recommend them , they belong in every dog first aid kit.I have used Colleen Cheechalks other canine products too and they have all been great . The shampoos are amazing ! Her people products work great too ; - -RRB-
 My Boston/Westie terrier loves this toy . He has at least 6 of them , in various stages of destruction , laying around the house . Toby is a big chewer but has never had problems with swallowing pieces of toys . These usually last a few months at a time . First he shakes it like crazy until all the ropes are shredded and fall out amd then he chews the balls until it is laying on the floor in little pieces . It is pretty durable for my terrier . Who is a pretty big chewer and has been known to chew up kongs . Most dog toys are trial and error as every dog is different .
 O.K , My one dog is a black Lab mix and she does not even play with toys yet she loves this one !!!! She chews on the ends of that plastic rope and it is almost like she is flossing her teeth !! My other dog is a golden retriever and he is not interested in it at all ! It all depends on your dog I guess , but I buy this one over and over ! She chews all the ends then I have to buy a new one !!! I guess I would say she almost just unravels the ends . I think one would have to see it ! LOL Yet all the Petstages toys are wonderful !!!!
 Pearl is a 6 month old Wire Fox Terrier . She adores this toy . It is the one she always choose first . She carries it from room to room and loves to play tug with it . She is a busy girl and moves from one toy to another quickly but always comes back to this one . It is not for leaving in the crate while you are away because it can be chewed up but it is a great toy to use in interactive play and one that she enjoys playing with while following me around the house . She learned to `` bring it '' very quickly for me to throw again !
 I have a two year old Welsh Cardigan Corgi . He loves this toy . He 's on his second one ; the first lasted a few months . We have n't had any problems with fraying or the dog chewing pieces off the rope -LRB- and I consider him a moderate to aggressive chewer , for example fleecy toys do n't last 5 minutes -RRB- . He likes to play tug-of-war with the ropes and chew on the ball . We like the Pet Stages toys .
 I was unable to buy rawhide curls in any of my local pet supply stores . My dog absolutely loves these !!! The price on the Internet was reasonable and they arrived really fast . My dog and I are both happy !!! I have ordered this item twice with great results both times .
 The shirt is little big but looks great . I had to go up a size . The shirt does run a bit small . Very satisfied .
 This runs small , I got a medium for my cat and it 's a bit snug , it would probably fit a small/still growing cat just fine , but mine is full grown -LRB- she 's not large or anything , just normal -RRB- . I think that a large would fit her just fine , so I 'd say you should probably order a size up to get a good fit . It is a good quality shirt and good thick print screening and still looks good having been washed several times .
 We have two Chihuahuas and they have a number of Harley shirts and other accessories . I love this shirt ... it has a V-neck in front and little sleeves so they ca n't `` walk out '' of the shirt . I liked these so much that I bought the two `` mediums '' for my friend 's poodles . They look great !!!
 Both of my dogs loved these . They lasted longer -LRB- and must have tasted better -RRB- than many other rawhides I have tried . Gave 4stars instead of 5 just because I thought they were a bit pricey - but I think the dogs would give 5stars .
 Our Aussie chews bones up in no time , but these actually last him a while . The assorted flavors are good for variety . I give these to him to chew out in the backyard because I do n't want him to stain the carpet inside .
 I soak them in water , then cut them up for my little Yorkies . I have left one big one around and they drag it around , it is pretty funny . I recommend them for any size dog .
 My dogs love Hartz vitamins ... when I tried to switch to another brand , they just pushed them away . My 12 year old has had them every day since I got him at 3 1/2 yo , and he 's still happy and heallthy and playful . When the vitamins disappeared from stores , I was paniced and immediately turned to the www to search for a supplier . I used -LSB- ... -RSB- until they stopped carrying them last year . Now they come through Amazon . I hope someone continues to keep a supply on hand , as I would have a difficult time convincing these little boys to switch now !
 I used to buy these vitamins at Wal-Mart and for years my dogs had them everyday and they enjoyed them . Like so many products from W/M their buyers decide to buy some cheaper or imported brands , and the new ones that W/M brought in are terrible.My dogs would not even nibble at the new vitamins , in fact when I put them into their food they would not eat their food because they are so bad.It took awhile for me to find these , so glad Amazon had them.Bottom line my dogs love these , they are 8,7 & 5 years old and they have always been healthy little guys and still act like puppies and all I can say is they -LRB- Hartz Dog Vitamins -RRB- sure work for us .
 I had this item at home and loved it , needed to replace it and was very happy that I could find another one . My dogs favorite !! : -RRB-
 This is my dog 's new favorite toy . The seller had it for the best price , and the delivery was super fast !
 My cat loves these dental chews . It 's been a month and she 's still happily gnawing on them and batting them around .
 My cat LOVES this toy . I tie it to a string and he goes crazy . I definitely bought it in hopes of helping clean his teeth but like other reviewers , this really does n't do anything for his teeth . He occasionally chews it but I do n't really see chewing a soft toy doing anything for his dental health . Still a fun toy to get your cat some exercise so ca n't complain about that .
 My puppies use this as a teething toy . Especially good when teeth are coming out and are just too small for other types of toys . Good for starting to train not to bite or chew on people feet and hands !
 I bought these toys for a cat with a chewing problem . Let 's just say he 's not chewing on them but he does love them . He especially loves the big one and I throw it for him all the time . He 's a really good fetcher and always brings it back to me , so all in all these are a good buy . However , somewhere in the description it says they have catnip inside of them , but my cat has n't responded to it at all . He just likes them to be thrown .
 At first , my cat did n't seem that interested and I think it was because apparently cats under 6 months of age are n't affected by catnip . Given some time though , these turned into the only toys he needs . He bats them around for hours . His teeth look great and these things get him running around for hours . Great purchase !
 I just went to buy another pair of these chew toys , which I have often bought in shops and not online , and was really surprised to see they only had 3-1/2 stars from the reviews . My cat loves these things . She hunts , bats , attacks , rolls over with , and then chews them for hours . She loved them as a kitten and is now about 7 years old and they are still a favorite of hers . I only buy them every now and again because they are $ 5 a pack and I am a grad student on a slim budget . But if I give them to her one at a time , she will work on them for about 4 weeks each before she has destroyed them to the point that the stuffing is all coming out . I think they work really well in terms of entertaining her and satisfying her hunting pleasures and in terms of cleaning her teeth . I am really happy with this product .
 I bought this little set at a local pet store chain . As other reviewers have commented , my kittens love the toys but not for chewing . They love to bat or carry them around . For some strange reason , neither of my kittens would play with the toy that has cloth fringe on 3 sides . But when I snipped the fringe off two sides , my kittens immediately began playing with both toys equally . Go figure ...
 My kitten loves to chew on the ends of this toy ! Perfect for teething kittens ! He also likes to bat them all around the tile floors ... they spin really well !!
 My cat especially loved these chew toys when she was a kitten . I had to keep several around for her . Now she plays with these , but she does n't chew as much as she used to chew . I love the Pet Stages designs . They are very cool looking .
 My kitten loves this toy and plays with it constantly . However , I do n't believe he chews on it as much as he should . Instead , he bats it around and flips it through the air . I think he likes that he can stick his paws through it . So , even though he does n't chew on it all that much , I 'm still happy with my purchase .
 I have three cats and it seems one cat is always batting or carrying one of these around . They are a real hit with my siamese that likes to chew and destroy most cat toys . These are sad looking after heavy use , but they have held up much better than other toys . Since I discovered how well these lasted through the chewing , I almost only buy Petstages brand of toy . Most others are just made badly or of poor materials that fall apart in one day . The Cat Dancer is the only other must have in our house . We keep a stash of Petstages and Cat Dancers any time we need a replacement or something new for treatment of boredom !
 I have a somewhat aggressive cat that is very ... oral . He licks , he bites , he chews . These are great for him . He chews them to shreds . He does not play with them like others have said their cats do . I do n't think of these as a toy but a tool . I always have these on hand and hope they never stop making them.However , I should say my other very gentle cat who never bites , licks or chews things has no interest in these .
 I had just opened the box when my cat smelled them and started right in ! He was concerned when I pulled them away , but the darn toys were still attached to the cardboard . Luckily I had a scissors handy to free them.I worry about him chewing many things - it 's nice to know these are safe and actually help his little teeth.Glad I bought two packs !
 Our cats took to these toys immediately -- tossing , chasing , chewing . We know they are played with since we find the toys moved all around the house on a daily basis . And when our cats chew on them , we hear the crunch crunch crunching . Best of all , stepping on these toys in the dark in bare feet is n't nearly as traumatic as with some of our dog 's toys -- ouchie ! Well worth the price .
 I purchased these for my cat in the hopes they would stop chewing on my shoes and so far it 's worked . Both cats go absolutely crazy over these chews - carrying them around the house and batting them all over the floor . Just when I think they 're done playing , they run back and pounce on the chews . The only con is that my cats are little chewing devils and the cloth fringe at the ends did n't even last an hour . They still enjoy playing with the ring section but I 'm a little concerned because I think my cats may have actually eaten the string fringe . Cats seem to love it but it 's not that durable ... Would probably buy again for my cats but snip off the fringe before giving it to them .
 I just bought these for my girlfriend 's cat , and as soon as I gave them to him , they became his favorite toys . He 'll play fetch with them for hours and carries them all over the house . I have no idea if they actually clean his teeth -LRB- his breath still stinks if you ask me -RRB- , but he has the greatest time playing with these . I do n't know if all cats will love them this much , but this cat definitely does .
 It took quite a bit of persuading to get my cat to play with this chew toy . But once he got the idea , it was great .
 I buy these all the time and keep them on hand for my cat . She 's loved them from the first time and never tires of them . Loves to chew on them .
 I received my first set of Petstages Dental Health Chews years ago as a gift for my cat . Since then we 've gone through at least 7 packs -LRB- of 2 -RRB- . One of my cats loves these and will chew on them frequently before and after mealtime . I know this because if I hide them away with the other cat toys , these are the ones that always end up back by the food dish . They seem sturdy like they should hold up well , but if your cat chews them as often and as aggressively as mine , they only last a couple months before the exterior stitched material has holes and the poly-fill is coming out . I still consider this a great dental chew option because the signs of wear tell me they are getting used !! Would and will definitely buy again !
 I really do n't know much about dental care for cats , but I got these in hope that they would be beneficial . I still do n't know if they are BUT my cat looooves these , especially the orange loop one . She bats it around and bites it all the time . She likes them more than her catnip mice and playing balls . I recommend these as great toys . As for dental , I think it 's too risky to rely on just these so I ended up getting her a toothbrush and brushing her teeth instead .
 This product was exactly I me and my pet needed . It is Perfect and my cat loves it and uses it all the time .
 My cats love PetStages toys . This is one cat 's very favorite toy in the whole wide world ! This dental chew toy is durable , safe , fun , & healthy .
 Our cat loves these chew toys . We have actually purchased a few more . These are very durable for a teething kitty . This keeps my cats attention off my fingers and shoes . Thanks !
 Much cheaper than local stores , also my cats wanted to tear them off the card as soon as they arrived . They are a little small but I think my cats liked that . Looks like they would clean their teeth .
 A hit ! Both of our cats found these to be great toys to carry around and play hockey with . They do n't seem to chew them .
 I 've purchased a variety of toys for my `` teenage '' cat Ty -LRB- he 's about 7 months old right now -RRB- , but he likes these the most by far . There are about six of them floating across the house and any time he comes across one he 's likely to spend a good 3-5 minutes batting it around the hardwood floors and tossing it up in the air . With the exception of a laser pointer , I 've never seen him so actively playing with such a passive toy . I 'd recommend them to anyone , although every cat likes different things .
 I bought this because our cat has one just like it . The problem was my puppy kept stealing it from her room . So in order to be fair to the cat I thought buying another was the solution . I was wrong ... the puppy now has 2 of them .
 I ordered these and gave him the one with the three tassels first and he went NUTS !!! He LOVES this thing !! Rubbed it and started gnawing on it immediately !! Worth it , will buy it again after he finishes destroying them !!
 My kitten has really enjoyed thes toys . Got them hoping she would chew on them instead of the electric cords and they have workrd very well .
 Pet Stages Dental Health Chews pairMy kitten came to me at 4 weeks as an abandoned kitten - tiny and dirty . He took to these toys first and loved them for the first year of his life . He chased them and chewed on them for the first year . The were the right size for a small cat . I really recommend these as the first toys for a kitten or litter of kittens .
 These toys have lasted a lot better than I expected . All of the toys with feathers or bells get ripped apart by my two rambunctious 9 month old kittens within a week , but these toys get chewed on extensively all the time , and have still managed to stay in very good shape . I 'd recommend them . Both of my cats like them very much . I ca n't say whether they actually improve their dental health or not , but they sure do enjoy them ...
 Yes , these toy have been on my pillow more than once , though mostly they reside in my cat 's bed with his most favorite toys . Reese loves to carry these dental toys around in his mouth and fetch them.What 's great about the toys is the super-tough fabric . I do n't have to worry about Reese ripping the toy apart and choking on some bits . They 're tough enough to take him clawing , chewing and dragging and well , me pitching them off the bed , too.Rebecca Kyle , September 2009
 My little monster man just loves these rings . He 's particular to the one with the 3 areas of fringe on it and carries it around in his mouth , bats it , tosses it , and will catch it clean out of the air . It 's absolutely one of his favorite toys and it 's been very durable for us - lasting 2 years now with the fringe intact . He 's really not that into the fringe , but the ring part , he just loves.His sister will also occasionally play with this . She does n't love it the way that he does , but every once in awhile , she 'll pull it out and play with it . In part , I think , to drive him nuts . But we 've bought two pairs of these and they definitely get used !
 I gave my sister 's 11 month old kitten Pet Stages Dental Health Chews for Christmas and he loved it . It is supposed to be very good for cat 's teeth of all stages and it has cat nip which really excites them ! And the price is reasonable . I will definitely buy this item again when `` Tiger '' -LRB- my sister 's cat -RRB- wears the ones he has out .
 Our 15 month old Snowshoe Siamese is constantly chewing on both , she has a few teeth coming in .
 My three kittens/cats loved these . They actually had a three-way tug of war with the triangle one the first time I gave it to them.PROS : - Lightweight , they are easy to bat around-Loop shape makes it easy to carry in mouth or curve paw around-Cloth `` ribbons '' tease/annoy cats and make them want to bite it - `` Ribbons '' are thick enough to tolerate light chewing -LRB- I think -RRB- . -LRB- * Description below -RRB- CONS : - Determined cats can chew and eat the `` ribbons '' eventhough they 're made of thick fabric.-Thin profile makes it easy for toy to slide under doors and furniture , out of reach for cats.They like to chew on them or bat them around on the floor . Once swatted , they slide really far on smooth floors , and often end up under doors , stuck in closets . They are worth it , as long as your cats are n't the type who actually eat toys . -LRB- As mine grew older , they lost the 1st set and the 2nd set I found had all the ribbons eaten completely off in just a week or so . I thought the thick fabric `` ribbon '' and knotted ends would discourage eating , but since they did eat them , it actually makes the them more dangerous . -RRB- * Ribbons
 Both of my cats love this toy , they chew them , carry them , and of course , lose them under the stove , so I go through a lot of them . These never fail to be their favorite toy , and so far , the vet says their teeth look great . : -RRB-
 My two cats enjoy carrying & batting these around , also seem to get lost easily but once found are like a new toy again for them .
 Like any cat toy , these are small enough to get lost under furniture and such . But my kittens and cats love these ! I have even washed them -LRB- in a lingerie bag so the washer does n't eat them -RRB- , and they seemed to wash up pretty well .
 My girl loves these things ! she is forever rolling around the floor playing with them . i would reccommend these to other cat owners .
 My fiance brought these home with our new kitten and I thought `` you got ta be kidding me . '' They did n't look fun at all . But the cat went nuts for them ! She likes the little dangly things on the ends . My dog does too . He 's a jerk and he snatches them away from her so he can gnaw on them . Between the two pets , we 've had the same pair of these for six months and they 're still hanging in there , even the fringy things on the ends . That 's a miracle because my dog ca n't keep a stuffed toy for half a day without tearing out its guts.This is fun for kitty to fling around and chase around the house . I definitely recommend it .
 My Havateeze puppy -LRB- Havanese and Maltese -RRB- began to get staining , and our pet store , Muttropolis , recommended Eye Envy . I was skeptical ... but this stuff worked like magic ! I could see the difference in just a day , and it has continued to keep staining at bay . Ca n't imagine why it would n't work for others -- different causation ? -- but I am truly grateful for this product .
 My Maltese had horrible tear stains . You could even detect the yeasty odor . It did take about two weeks , however , the results are just amazing . I am using it along with the Angel Eyes food additive . No more yeasty smell and her face is clean . I swear by this stuff no matter what the nay-sayers claim . I know it worked for my dog . Love it !!!
 I 've tried Angel Eyes , and a couple of other commercial remedies , along with strict monitoring of our white toy poodle 's diet , and found the best results with Eye Envy . I like the pads that come with the kit because they hold the liquid and can be squeezed to release it where it 's needed . Also , the instructions say it 's safe if it gets in her eyes , which makes it easier to apply . I douse her clumps of stain -LRB- she has severe exudation , it 's dark and it clumps -RRB- and then use a very fine-toothed comb -LRB- a flea comb , actually -RRB- to remove the loosened gunk . I 've been doing it once a day for a few weeks , and she will actually come to me and let me comb her face between applications , because she likes having her eye area clean . The stains are there , will probably be there forever -LRB- we rescued her at the age of 8 , she probably had NO eye treatment at all before then -RRB- , but the clumps are gone . I think the value in Eye Envy is its ability to quickly and safely loosen the clumps so they can be combed out .
 I really didnt even want a white dog because of the tear staining but fell in love with my little white schnoodle rescue . Tried washing his eyes/face daily and that didnt help . Found Eye Envy , saw results in a few days and now I only use it maybe once a week and even then , it 's only minor staining . Works great . So happy I found it !
 I 'm surprised at how well this works , but consistency is key ! I 've wasted plenty of money on liquid cleansers , face washes , and did six weeks of Angel Eyes to no avail . Finally , a woman with show dogs suggested Eye Envy , as it 's the only thing that 's worked on her white poodle , it worked for mine too . In the morning I use warm water and a flea comb to get the gunk out from the hair around her eyes , then I apply the liquid -LRB- I use my own cotton pads -RRB- then massage the powder in with my fingers . Be sure not to overdo the powder , or you 'll end up with crusty hair . As another reviewer said , the stained hair will grow out , and you can snip it off . If you stay on top of the new hair growth each day your pooch 's face will be clean , it just takes a couple minutes , no big deal . So happy to have found something that actually works .
 The product is very effective . My dog looked horrible for 2 years and I tried many products . She is a creme colored shih tzu , but her eyes used to resemble a racoon . This product works for me . My suggestions -- Start with a fine-toothed comb to remove the residue . Use scissors to trim the stained fur . Apply the liquid with a cosmetic pad to clean the area . Dab with the powder . I started with this process every day for about 3 weeks . Then I reduced it to 2 times a week for about 3 months . Now I just use it once a week for prevention and I am thrilled with the results . Some tips -- Their non-woven application pads are unnecessarily expensive . You can find these at a drugstore -LRB- do NOT use cotton balls as they do not work -RRB- . Keep the fur short in this area by trimming every several weeks . The trimming removes the unsightly fur in the beginning but also keeps the area drier and prevents future staining . Now that I am on the once a week cycle , occassionally I will comb out some minor residue mid-week . I initially bought the starter kits but found that the 1/2oz powder lasts longer the 2oz liquid . In my experience , the 4oz liquid matched with the 1/2oz powder is the optimal buying combination .
 I was so curious why there is such a split in the reviews . Well , now I think I understand why.I could n't stand the tear stains on my white chihuahua and my maltese . I tried Angel Eyes , and was amazed by the results ; that was until my dogs built up a tolerance to the product . I followed the instructions stringently , but even then , after several months , the tear stains came back -LRB- although not quite as severe and disgusting -RRB- . I tried Eye Envy because I felt better about the topical aspect . I 'm not sure what long term Angel Eyes would have done to my tiny dogs ' livers . They are only 3.5 lbs and 7lbs . Needless to say , I gave Eye Envy 4 stars because : It worked perfectly on my maltese ! 5 stars !! Barely worked , if at all , on my chihuahua . Same batch , same bottle.I ca n't explain it , but it does explain the wide range of reviews . I say that it 's worth the money to give it a shot for your pup . It 's like gold for my maltese , and I do n't have to worry about unknown long term effects . I hope this helps .
 I have a white boxer who had tear stains when I adopted her . I used the product exactly as directed and within a month results were noticable . Once the tear stains were cleared up , I discontinued the use of Eye Envy and have never had to use it again . I think the key is to be patient and follow directions . Two additional tips
 I have used this on my shih-tzu since learning of it over a year ago . I purchased one starter kit Jan 2008 -LRB- 2 oz . solution , 1/2 oz . powder , pads -RRB- . I kept the solution in the refrigerator and it was effective until I used all of it just recently . I still have most of the powder left . Initially , I used it frequently , then used it about every other week . It worked great for my dog . Although expensive , the product lasted longer than I thought it would . I highly recommend it !
 It 's a leash , works great . There is even a small led light . Everything looks quality and like it will last a while
 I bought this as a gift for my 8 year old son for Christmas . We 're fish beginners and never owned any pets before . The tank was easy to set up and get started , just need to purchase gravel and plants . One key suggestions is to also purchase Lee carbon filter that attaches to the air ` thingy ' -LRB- excuse my excessively technical language -RRB- . It helps keep the water clear and the PH balanced so you do n't have to do frequent water changes . The filters come in a two pack and are only three bucks a pop and will save you hours of anxiety if you 're new to the fish game .
 for a very small fish tank , this one is really complete . The filter motor is very quiet and the light is warm looking , not so stark as others .
 This tank is great for a starter tank , or just a small aquarium . Like I said , I 've had it for about 2 years , and I still enjoy it . However , the `` undergravel filter '' really is n't a filter , just a `` catch-all '' for stuff that floats down in the gravel . It keeps the gravel kinda clean , but I still need to clean the tank once every few months . It 's mainly just to aerate the water .
 I love this lil tank . It sits right next to my desk perfectly and is housing two glofish at the moment .
 It 's a leash , works great . There is even a small led light . Everything looks quality and like it will last a while
 It 's a leash , works great . There is even a small led light . Everything looks quality and like it will last a while
 I have been buying this bed for 15 years for my dogs . I had 4 and replaced them every 3 years , only because I washed them tooooo much , but these beds are comfortable for your dog and look great in your house , very neat ! I got friendly with manufacturer when I carried the product in my retail store . I have been searching for 4 months for the manufacturer and I ca n't find them . I have another Great Dane puppy and need and want this bed desparately . No bed holds up or looks as good as this one . I am shocked to find on Amazon and now it is unavailable . VERY SAD CUSTOMER !
 I bought one of these bed a few years ago on-sale , from Restoration Hardware -LRB- they do n't sell them anymore -RRB- . Even on-sale , the bed was expensive , but I have come to realize why ... This is the very best dog bed on the market . It looks beautiful in my home , it is easy to remove all the covers and wash , and it has held-up for years now ! The most important thing ... my dog loves it ! I mean really loves it ... he has 4 beds to choose from in the house , and inevitably , he will choose the Snugga Luvs bed - even if he has to be alone at the other end of the house to sleep in it . I will also mention that his other beds are all very nice , I even have an `` orthopedic '' bed that was very expensive . We recently got a second dog , and when it is time for bed , they race to see who can get into the Snugga Luvs bed first . I guess I need to buy another one now ...
 My cat goes crazy over this . She 's very picky about food . She DOES NOT eat fish !! but she loves this and keeps begging me to give her more . I used to give her TEMPTATIONS but I like this better because it 's all natural .
 I use to feed my dog a different kind of dog food . It was one of the more expensive brands you find in the large pet stores but then I was introduced to this dog food . We have basset hounds , so it is very important that we watch what they eat . This food is healthy for them yet tastes good to them . The best part ... it is not overpriced at all ! The only bad thing is , we have a hard time finding it at our local pet boutiques so have to order it almost every time .
 I have three cats and the Royal Canin Oral Sensitive cat food is loved by all of them . It has helped keep their teeth clean and free of plaque . Royal Canin has great cat food products that are very nutritious and good for your cats . I would recommend all their products to anyone .
 When I switched my very senior cat to this , he went from throwing up every day to only every once in a while . However , it is hard to get him to maintain a healthy weight on it . I think the method of slowing down vomiting was the larger kibble , so it takes him longer to eat it - so I may try to find a food with a larger kibble and less fat to keep him at a healthy weight and vomiting less . Otherwise I was happy that this product worked as advertised .
 This product helps my cat 's gum and teeth tarter buildup since hewill only eat this and not the `` greenees '' treat.I put half of this and 1/2 his regular Frishies Life dry food daily.He 's normally a 7 yr old picky eater otherwise.The Pet store only has small bags , so I get the largest bags -LRB- 6 lb -RRB- which are cheaper .
 I 've gone through so many different cat foods , I ca n't even count them all . Everything from what I could find at the pet store to more exotic high protein content foods , but I 've found this one to be the best for my cats . One of my cats tends to vaccuum up food . In fact I 'm not sure she actually tastes anything . But the kibble bits are large enough that she 'll actually chew a bit.Along with the other factors engineered into the food , I 've seen significantly less vomitting with this food than pretty much any other .
 My cat had some serious dental work done a few months ago . The vet sent us home with some high quality food but my cat was n't too thrilled with it . I looked at other reviews and decided to try this stuff . To my surprise my cat seemed to enjoy it right away . Similar to the vet food , the kibbles are larger than normal food so it helps to `` brush '' his teeth . I still leave a little of the vet food out but he only nibbles - he always eats all the RC . An added bonus is that his habit of puking up his old food on the carpet once or twice a week has pretty much vanished ! He 's happy and I 'm happy !
 My cats love this food , older cat needs larger food chunks so he is forced to chew . Both of my cats have issues with hairballs and throwing up . This food has worked just as good as the prescription oral care food . Pls continue carrying this product at this price and I will be back to purchase again .
 This product impruve your cat teeth health in some ways but if your cat is old as mine more than 15 years the treats tent to broke their teeth , however all the royal cannin food is really good specially the URINARY is the best doctor to let your cat pee anyway , the cat food contain is enough and well preserved . Great product but not as I expected to avoid brushing my cats teeth .
 There are only 3 dry food cat products out there with large kibble to force large cats to chew the food . this is 1 of them and the royal canin maine coon 31 is an other . I mix them together and my 2 maine coons love them.if you have any large breed cat that needs to chew their food , this is for you . down side is they are pricey compared to supermarket brands , but a visit to the vet for dental work can add up too .
 I 've been having problems with my cat vomiting recently . He scarfs up his food and immediately regurgitates it . Some mornings he 'll do this two or three times in a row . Both cats have had dental issues . After research i decided on this one . Both cats love it . There has been no more vomiting . Me , my cats and my carpet are greatful .
 Because the pieces are much larger than the Special 33 for Sensitive Stomachs , my one cat who used to inhale his dry food instead of chewing it , actually has to chew this up into pieces , which seems to have solved his propensity for purging on my carpet . I have both this and the Special 33 out and find both Burmese nosh out of both bowls . Having it delivered to my door by Amazon sure beats going to Petsmart and lugging it from my garage , up four flights of steps .
 I am so happy I bought this type of food . My kitty had to have 3 teeth removed and is now doing so much better with this food that she likes and will eat unlike the prior low calorie food I had her on . Now she gets a good combination of Royal Canin Oral Sensitive dry food and 1 can of wet food per day .
 This is the only dry cat food my picky cat will eat . Plus the vet said his teeth are looking better now that he has been eating it , when I adopted him he had bad tartar/plaque and early gum disease . He has much less hairballs now too ! My younger cat eats mostly this dry food . My older cat still prefers his canned food but always saves room for this too .
 I was at wits end when I stumbled across this cat food . For the past couple years I 've been feeding my indoor hand-me-down cat of indeterminate age canned food , since she would vomit whenever she ate dry food.Lately she started vomiting part of the time even with the canned food . In addition , at the annual pet check-up two months ago , the vet commented that she had some fairly bad plaque build-up on her teeth , which he said was probably caused by her soft food diet . He recommended adding some water to her dry food in order to prevent the vomiting . It did n't work.A desperate google search on `` cat vomit '' turned up the Royal Canin oral sensitive option . Several cat owners reported that feeding this dry food eliminated vomiting . Though I could n't think of a reason that it would actually work I decided to try a bag . That was several days ago , and I am very pleased to report that we 're going on day 3 `` cat vomit free . `` Maybe I 'll actually be able to get that new carpet ... At the cat 's next check-up I 'll be able to report on any change in the vet 's description of her oral condition , but that might not be until next year . -------------------- Edit
 I have 4 cats and they are crazy about this food . They seem like they do not eat as much . No fur balls . I will continue to feed this tothem . I just wish it came in bigger bags
 We originally mixed half of this pet food with another brand . Our kitty would eat all of this pet food and leave the other brand untouched . She loves it .
 I have a cat that would vomit several times a week . In searching for a remedy to this issue , I read that this particular cat food might help . There has been such a change in Gypsy - no more vomiting ! I 'm thinking it may be the large size of the kibble - she actually has to chew it and ca n't swallow the pieces whole .
 Our oldest cat was vomiting several times a day . We think it might be due to some dental problems , but he is kind of wild and shy , if not a bit savage -LRB- he 's really a sweetie ! -RRB- , so doing anything with his teeth is out of the question . We purchased this and very quickly the vomiting reduced to almost nothing . We ran out and the vomiting started again , so now we make sure we always have it . The other cats like it too .
 My 3 cats love this . The larger kibble does get them to chew instead of just gulping it down like the smaller kibble . A big bonus is that the daily vomiting has stopped . I would rate this 5 stars except that I am not crazy about the amount of grain in the ingredients . Other than that this is good stuff .
 My cats mourned the day I could no longer find Dental Diet . My vet said my cats teeth were in great shape and she mainly ate dental diet . I bought Science Diet Oral Care and they hate it . Money down the drain . Royal Canin 's brand they really like . I have n't noticed the same great results with their teeth and breath but it 's the best I can give them . They do like it but after a few weeks they stop eating it and get bored so I have to hold off then reintroduce it . Friskies pissed off me and my cats by discontinuing a product that really worked .
 Royal Canin Oral Sensitive 30 Formula is a good product . As long as you keep the 6-pound bag in stock , I 'll continue to purchase it from you .
 This is a great product for an older cat with a sensitive stomach . Very few if any hairballs and really helps keep the teeth clean/gums healthy .
 My cats do n't like to brush their teeth or use the gel so this was my final option to get them to &#34; brush their teeth &#34; and I must say it works like a charm and my cats love the taste !!
 This has worked great for the health of my cats ' teeth . A bit pricey but worth it . And my cats PREFER the taste of this over all other foods !
 My cat is an idiot . She eats food too quickly , and then throws it up . I could n't figure out what was wrong with her for the life of me ... so I took her to the vet . $ 150 later , I am told to try some bigger kibble . So I got her some Royal Canin Oral Sensitive ... and ... voila . She never throws up now , unless I run out of Royal Canin and give her salmon from a can .
 Honestly , I would be OK not buying premium cat food but my cat loves it . She gets a little each day before we go to bed . I feel I 'm helping her oral health just as I do my own . I ran out of ` Royal Canin ' for a few days and she would meow around , even though other food was in her dish . The ingredients are very good !
 My 10 year old cat would n't eat anything for two week because I was trying to find something that would help with his puking all over my house ... We had gotten two kittens also , so he wanted to eat their kitty food . . -LRB- his weight was already a problem so this was n't a good idea . . -RRB- We googled and found good reviews on Royal Canin Oral Sensitive , so we figured why noy try it ... Living in Alaska everything cost more so a 3 pound bag was all we could get and it was almost 20 bucks for that ... I found it in a 6 pound bag om Amazon for 22 and some change . . YAY !!! and free shipping -LRB- I LOVE Amazon 's free shipping !!!!! -RRB- so I will be buying from Amazon often ... because ALL three will only eat the Royal Canin now ... My husband says they must soak it in gravy!Royal Canin Dry Cat Food , Oral Sensitive 30 Formula , 6-Pound Bag
 If you have a terrier , or a dog that loves to chew like crazy , move on - this is not the toy for your dog . If you have an occasional chewer who is n't the type to rip the eyes out of a stuff animal , this is a great toy for your dog . The Kong Goodie Bone has a small flexible Kong bone threaded through a sturdy rope . My papillon likes to toss this toy around and to chew on the rope portion , although I have n't seen him chew on the bone itself at all . The toy is small -LRB- see the included `` additional photos '' I posted -RRB- , and will very likely make your little dog very happy .
 I ordered this for my new papillon puppy . She seems to like it , and I can wash it in the washing machine when it gets dirty . I have already washed it 4 times , and it still looks like it did when I bought it .
 I 'm very picky , so I was thrilled to find a really simple , healthy treat with no junk added . She loves them and they can be broken easily into smaller sizes perfect for training .
 I , like probably many of you , have been going nuts about this `` Jerky from China '' situation ... Every product I have found has '' Made in China '' in small print somewhere at the bottom of the package . I do n't think using pet treats from China is a good idea right now ... I have been researching companies and this is what I found from The Real Meat Co. sales dept : The Real Meat Company products are made in the USA and meats sourced from USA , New Zealand and Australia .1 . The meat in our products is sourced from only the finest farms , free ranging and humanely raised without growth hormones or antibiotics and our fish are from the deep clear oceans of the South Pacific .2 . There are NO ingredients from china .3 . We do not use any grains and have no wheat or gluten .4 . No preservatives , no anti-biotic , no flavorings , no growth hormones , no colorings .5 . It is not irradiated .6 . Every shipment of meat carries USDA , FDA certification . -LRB- believe it , they check all small companies -RRB- 7 . They 're YUMMY ! HEALTHY ! And four footers LOVE Real Meat Foods and Treats . ==== OK - No `` Made in China '' and no `` irradiation '' - Yah !!!! These sound like a safe option . I have ordered the lamb and the venison and am hoping for the best ...
 My dogs love these . As the previous review said - 95 % meat , no fillers , non-greasy . My dogs love the taste of this treat and come running when they see me pick up the bag .
 I used these as training treats when I take my dogs out for a walk . I like them because they 're healthy -LRB- 95 % meat -RRB- and they 're a soft product , but dry , not greasy or sticky like some other soft treats . Also they do n't have a strong smell . My dogs love them and will do -LRB- almost ! -RRB- anything for them .
 I was looking for a treat I could break up without having all the crumbs all over my floor , and this is it . My dog responds very well to this treat .
 My GSD has a sensitive stomach . So , I am very careful when I introduce new food . He loves these treats and has had no adverse reaction to them . They are pure meat , which he enjoys , and perfectly sized . I look forward to trying the other varieties .
 So glad we found Amazon . Used to travel to the specialty pet food store for these treats - now not only do they come to the front door but they 're less expensive on Amazon . Prime rocks.My dog is a bit finicky but not with these treats - he LUVs them!No fillers , 95 % Lamb & NOT made in China .
 My dog is very picky when it comes to food and treats , but he absolutely loves these and has n't gotten sick of them yet -LRB- which is very rare ! -RRB- . He is only 5.5 lbs and these are easy to break apart . They are all natural and do n't stink at all .
 I have a very young , very energetic Rottweiler . She thinks it is great fun to dig holes in the yard . I tried every trick in the book trying to break her of the habit . At the age of 2 a Rottie can dig a very big hole , very fast , and I needed a solution before my yard looked like a mine field . After doing some research on the internet , I found Spray Commander . I had to watch her carefully while she was in the yard , and as soon as she started digging , I gave her a blast of citronella -LRB- button # 2 -RRB- . This scenario was played out 2 more times . Results ? No more digging . We 've had the product for about a year now , and I think it 's great . Easy to use , painless , and entirely effective .
 My lab mix apparently has canine ADD . When walking , he is easily distracted by people , other dogs , just about anything . A quick spray of harmless citronella instantly brings his attention back to me . It is also effective at interrupting his barking when people walk by the house . However , it is not a cure-all . It will not work if he becomes TOO involved with the distraction . It works best when I spray the instant I see him becoming distracted.I have used it for about a year now , and it still works well . I rarely need to use it anymore . Just having it on brings better behaviour . It holds the charge without leaking and reliably sprays with the remote . The only problem is that the batteries needed are not found just anywhere . I would suggest you order some on-line to have available . Get the lithium batteries - they last a lot longer .
 The Spray Commander collar ensures that my dog will respond to my `` Come ! '' even when he 's hot on the scent of a squirrel . I do n't need to spray him at all -- just wearing the collar makes him obedient . The remote-controlled collar is pricey but worth it .
 This collar works very well and helps to control barking . We only need to use the warning level and our dog does not bark . However , I wish they had devised a different method for turning it off and on . Our collar requires the use of a coin or something similar to turn it off and on which is very inconvenient . Otherwise it works as advertised .
 We bought this to deter one of our dogs from some bad behavior . It has worked perfectly . Shipping was very prompt . Would definitely buy again .
 My dogs love these treats . They 're easy to break up into smaller pieces for training treats . Dogs with allergies can usually enjoy these without consequences , as there is no wheat or other allergenic filler.Amazon has by far the best price I 've been able to find for these -- especially if you are a Super Saver member .
 I , like probably many of you , have been going nuts about this `` Jerky from China '' situation ... Every product I have found has '' Made in China '' in small print somewhere at the bottom of the package . I do n't think using pet treats from China is a good idea right now ... I have been researching companies and this is what I found from The Real Meat Co. sales dept : The Real Meat Company products are made in the USA and meats sourced from USA , New Zealand and Australia .1 . The meat in our products is sourced from only the finest farms , free ranging and humanely raised without growth hormones or antibiotics and our fish are from the deep clear oceans of the South Pacific .2 . There are NO ingredients from china .3 . We do not use any grains and have no wheat or gluten .4 . No preservatives , no anti-biotic , no flavorings , no growth hormones , no colorings .5 . It is not irradiated .6 . Every shipment of meat carries USDA , FDA certification . -LRB- believe it , they check all small companies -RRB- 7 . They 're YUMMY ! HEALTHY ! And four footers LOVE Real Meat Foods and Treats . ==== OK - No `` Made in China '' and no `` irradiation '' - Yah !!!! These sound like a safe option . I have ordered the lamb and the venison and am hoping for the best ... Update : OK - These came yesterday and my dogs love them - they actually all took off to separate corners to eat their treat . I like that they are small and easy to chew or tear ... no choking ...
 These treats are the bee 's knees . I 've bought them in EVERY flavor they offer . Venison is a great flavor , but my pups love all the flavors equally , it seems . Each treat is about 1 '' wide and 1 '' to 1-1/2 '' in length . Good sized treat for a bigger dog , and if you have smaller dogs like my shelties , these jerky treats tear apart easily into smaller bites with no crumbs , no mess . They smell like the jerky I buy for myself , and have quality ingredients . The shelties love them ! I gave a bag to my sister for her giant dogs and they love them too , they work hard for these treats to get them out of puzzle toys.My younger sheltie ca n't handle grain or gluten ... he has epilepsy that is possibly triggered by gluten , so I feed both furkids grain-free everything . Even if he did n't have epilepsy , I 'd probably still feed grain-free , including these treats , because my shelties have * fantastic * silky soft coats from feeding them this way . I do n't buy these treats here , I get them elsewhere , but they are a fantastic deal for 12 ounces of treats , it 's a LOT of little torn-up bite-sized treats for my shelties during training . Each bag lasts me about a month , I think .
 I love it and I love the boss for feeding it to me . If I could be healthier , I would n't know how . Not fancy ... just goooood !
 recommend this product to all dog lovers . have been using this product for 5 years . hard time finding for a good price .
 I like these because they are small , and you get a ton of them in one bag . I like to give these along with a couple of other treats . They do smell like they have real meat in them , and my dogs eat them with no hesitation . I will definitely buy more ... maybe the lamb next time !
 My picky dog loves these treats . They are like little chunks of meat and he will do anything to have them . Plus , there are a ton of them in the bag .
 A great training treat for our 1 year old English Cocker as well as our 13 year old Golden . Good stuff .
 My dogs love these treats and will do tricks for them . My little chihuahua sits pretty for me when she sees me with the treat bag . I like that these treats are natural and does n't have any artificial ingredients , fillers , and preservatives . When I received the product , I looked all over the bag for the expiration date , but it was scratched/wiped off . I prefer that the `` best by '' date is on the package , so that I know it 's fresh .
 My dogs absolutely LOVE these treats ... and ... I LOVE that they are good for them !! I have 2 small dogs -LRB- Shih-chons -RRB- , so I typically cut these up into smaller pieces ... but that 's easy to do , and worth the little bit of trouble for me . I highly recommend this product to anyone else .
 I have a dog with multiple food allergies and finding limited ingredient treats is extremely difficult . This is a quality product that fits the bill very well . The quality is excellent . And , of course , my dog/dogs love it . I am glad to have the option available at a reasonable price that I can get delivered to my door .
 My dog Ellie is allergic to chicken so I have to be very careful what she eats . These are perfect for her . I give her the venison and the beef . They are soft so they do not upset her digestive system . Most importantly she loves them so they make a great training treat .
 My elderly dog who has pretty much given up on food really loves these treats . They are pieces of beef jerky about 3/4 by 1 inch . I have purchased these before from a local pet store and they are pretty pricy . I purchased them from Amazon but did n't realize these were a smaller size that what I had before . These are 3/4 by about 1/4 . Of course you can always give more , but my dog really liked chewing apart the larger pieces .
 My cairn terrier was never much for treats -LRB- he prefers toys -RRB- , but these changed his mind . Now he comes running every time I even go near the treat cabinet.As someone else mentioned , the price is a little steep , but they 're not full of garbage like most store-bought treats are and they make my boy happy , and there 's no putting a price on that .
 These treats are for my two little -LRB- spoiled -RRB- dachschunds . If you know anything about most dogs and these dogs in particular , they love to eat . I 'm always looking for safe , real meat treats that do n't put too many calories into their little bodies . They love these and I can feel comfortable giving them my spoiled girls . These treats also break up easily which is great for the small dogs and being calorie conscious !
 There is NOTHING on the market like these treats by Canz . My dogs will do anything for them ! The price that Amazon charges is HALF of what I pay at my local pet store if I have to buy them there . The ingredients are pure , natural , and healthy . The jerky is not dried out and brittle ; it is moist and chewy . No carbohydrates to make your pet gain weight either . My cats even like these -LRB- I break them into small pieces for them -RRB- . The beef ones almost smell like they have a little bacon in them -LRB- but they do n't -RRB- . My dogs come running the minute they hear the rustle of this bag when I pick it up . I know many dog trainers that swear by these too . These will get your dog to do ANYTHING ! I highly recommend these !
 My pup ca n't have anything with grains in it and these treats are just what I needed to use for training . He loves them !!
 I should say the dog loves them and frequently begs for them . . They arrived on time and I am very satisfied with the product .
 My 3 little dogs love these chewy , small , thin slices of beef , chicory , lecithin , sea salt , mixed tocopherols -LRB- vitamin E -RRB- and garlic . Great ingredients and made in New Zealand for CANZ Pet Foods , Santa Monica , CA , USA , -LSB- ... -RSB- . I buy these treats often . Great price for a 12 oz bag with tons of little slices in the bag .
 So glad we found Amazon . Used to travel to the specialty pet food store for these treats - now not only do they come to the front door but they 're less expensive on Amazon . Prime rocks.My dog is a bit finicky but not with these treats - he LUVs them!No fillers , 95 % Lamb & NOT made in China .
 this kennel was a great price it was all metal even the try on the bottom.also it pop up and lock so it save me alot of time taking it down and putting it up over and over again , love it .
 This is a great crate at a much lower cost than I 've found elsewhere . It was easy to set up and is very sturdy .
 This crate is great for the price . Definitely the cheapest on-line that still has the same features . It has the removable tray , three doors -LRB- one on top , and one on the long side and short side . It is pretty heavy , but it collapses and stands back up quick and easy . The reason I only give it 4 stars , it is a little flimsy so I would n't recommend it for an escape artist , but otherwise it is perfectly sturdy . But it definitely gets 5 stars for value.Very fast shipping also .
 This cage would be good for most pet owners but my Rottweiler is bad and found out how to break out of the cage within an hour . He found all the weak points in the cage very quickly because the build quality allows easy disassembly . I used some tape and made the cage secure but then my bad dog figured out how to open the door . Seriously there are two latches and he figured out how to open them and let himself out . Anyways I had to buy locks for the door hinges . Not recommended if your dog is smart/determined to escape .
 I have a Husky who is about 1 1/2 years old . We 've had prior cages where she chewed through the bars and destroyed them , but this one has held up great . It 's a bit bigger than our other cages , which I like because she has more room to move about and get comfy while still having food and water available to her . Set up was very easy , only requiring you to basically unfold it and move some bars into their proper place . It comes with a plastic handle that you can attach on top to move the cage around as necessary , which I would recommend removing when you 're not using it . I left mine on and after the first absence , she had chewed the connecting pieces off and ruined it . The plastic tray in the bottom protects the floor from any damage and can be removed without opening the cage if you need to . My only fault is that the tray is n't very tall and wo n't catch much of her food if she decides to knock her bowl around . The two doors provide plenty of access to all areas of the cage , which is helpful when I 'm picking up a full bowl worth of dog food . She has yet to open the standard locks on the cage and escape while I 'm gone . She is typically caged for about 2 hours or less when nobody is home to watch her .
 Easy to assembleLarge enough for a 100 lb boxer/mastiff mixI leave my pooch in the garage with access to the backyard during the work days . This kennel gives him nice cozy place to curl up on those cold days in the NW . I placed an outdoor heating pad on the bottom and i covered the top and sides with an old rug to provide some &#34; insulation . &#34; He appears to like it just fine.If you need to move the kennel around , you might want to have a second person to hold the other end - it is n't heavy , but the sides easily pop out of joint if you drag it . Other than that , no complaints.I have n't closed the door while my dog is in it , so I ca n't attest to the kennel 's ability to hold up against an escape artist ...
 Great crate for the price . I have older dogs who do n't try to escape so it is perfect . It 's not as sturdy as my other crate but it serves my needs just fine .
 It is exactly as described . It 's huge and keeps my dogs in there at night . Love it ! It was a good price until I had to pay for the shipping ... but it was still worth it . I definitely recommend it !
 Easy to set up and works great . If you have a little escape artist this is not the kennel to use though . Works great for good pets that just need to be kenneled for either house training or short term .
 This crate delivered very fast . Is very easy to set up and is what they say it is . I have a hound dog and a puppy -LRB- mixed breed -RRB- and they both fit in it comfortably . will order again to get the second crate .
 DOG LOVE HER CRATE . SHE SLEEP IN IT EVERY NIGHT A A A A A A A A A A A
 great deal and dlivery was quick . Easy to assemble and store away . Large enough to fit both of my dogs a bichon and old english together
 so happy with this kennel crate . I was worried that it would n't be big enough for our new puppy which will be a big dog . she will have plenty of room in all the growing stages of her life . ca n't wait to get her accustomed to it . i love the fact it was so easy to put together and take down . The double access doors are great when moving it around and putting it in different places .
 Love this crate ! For the price , it is really great . If you have a dog that is going to attempt to escape it may not be good , but most dogs will love it
 No sugar . No wheat gluten or rice protein . Just chicken . Dog loves them .
 A good healthy food with glucosamine & chrondroitin added plus vitamin E supplement . His coat looks fantastic . He is getting older and I need to do whatever possible to be proactive in keeping him healthy and avoid joint and back problems and this product is one of the best I 've found to get the job done . My dog eats them fast each time offered - no waste . Price is right too - 6 bags for $ 25 . Cost more in dog stores .
 My dog -LRB- Airedale -RRB- loves these treats - and he 's a very picky eater . I like them because they are pure chicken and nothing else - no by-products , salt , sugar , etc. . Buying them from Amazon.com is a GREAT buy . I recommend everyone buy them for their dog -LRB- s -RRB- . He/she will absolutely LOVE them ! Guaranteed !!
 My dog loves this stuff , The glucosamine added helps a little , but in reality it probably isnt enough to do much , you will still need supliments for that but my dog gobbles these up as soon as I put them down , the only negative is the price , these are expensive but amazon has the best price I have found
 My dogs love these and this is the cheapest place to buy them .
 I have 2 chihuahuas that eat these treats -LRB- and only these treats -RRB- every day . They are picky eaters but they love these . All natural free range chicken strips - good for them . The price I got through Amazon was much lower than the supermarket price - even after the shipping - I saved a lot of money .
 I ca n't even say the words `` Happy Hips '' without our dog going nuts and barking for 10 minutes .
 I bought this product for my dads dog Shadow , she was having a lot of difficulty getting up and down . She still has a limp but is chasing rabbits , wagging her tail and moving more freely in general . This made them both very ` Happy ' .
 Our girl LOVES these . In the morning , she does n't want to get out of our bed , she just wants us to rub her belly forever . But , if we say to her , `` do you want your chicken treat ? '' she jumps up and gets going ! We 've even nibbled on them , in a pinch we could eat them too . Much better than all those other snacks processed with sugar and who knows what else !
 My dog loves these treats and they were much cheaper on Amazon than in my local stores . Dont mind buying in bulk since they will keep .
 Not sure if they really help her hips or not , but my dog loves these .
 My tea cup chihuahua Maddie loves the smaller jumping jack toy with peanut butter in the cracks . Would be ok for medium size dogs too . My Boston terriers Kate and Kassidy love them all . My other chihuahuas Chloe Boopie and Sydney love them all especially with peanut butter ! Very durable toys for aggressive chewers . Much cheaper from amazon than petsmart .
 We have used these for a long time ; the puppy one in blue and later thered adult one . We do not put foodon the outside as it 's messy . Westuff pieces of real cheese in bothof the ends and that works just fine.Our Bullies have loved these for years.These girls are chewers too , so I can not understand all of the low scoringand negative reviews.To clean out any cheese pieces stuckin the inner tunnel , just put a pencilor chop stick through it .
 My American bulldog loves this . He 's a huge chewer and loves almost all Kongs . He has n't started to pull at the individual strips yet , but I am keeping an eye on him . So far it looks to be yet another great kong product .
 Yep , my dogs chew the heck out of these but I know from past experience it will last for a couple months before I need to replace .
 My dog loves kong . The vet says his teeth are great , no tarder . That saves me $ $ $ on teeth cleaning .
 Fill the cracks with peanut butter and you 've got a great crate soother for a pup when you have to go out . Seems to be lasting well so far and it 's made in the U.S.A. !
 I throw this instead of a ball . When it hits the ground it sometimes bounces in a really random direction so it adds that variation to the fetch game . Plus the dog 's teeth stay clean and white . Indestructible !
 Our Parson Russell Terrier and Scottie can destroy a toy in 10 seconds flat . We figured we would invest in some kongs and it survived the day and will see tommorrow thank goodness . With that said its better than anything other toy we have bought for our dogs .
 My little girl dog is not so fond of having her teeth brushed and I 'm trying to condition her gradually . So , some days she gets a Kong dental stick toy with a little toothpaste on it . This dental stick is n't of any interest to her -LRB- or her `` brother '' -RRB- without something in it , however . The EasyBrush is IMHO a better option , but usage needs to be carefully supervised because occasionally the brush sections can come out and present a choking hazard . I do n't have to worry about that with the dental stick .
 My dog loves rubbery toys - and he loves to chew them to the point of destruction . The Kong toys are the only ones that can weather his chewing ... and they 're great to throw around so he can play fetch . He 's managed to chew off a few little pieces at the ends of this toy , but on the whole it 's great .
 MY DOGS LOVE THIS BONE ... IT 'S LIKE SMOKING A CIGAR FOR THEM ! LOL REALLY RELAXES THEM .
 My bullmastiff loves this toy . It has a great random bounce when tossed , and he can gnaw on it for hours , held between his front paws , and there 's not much wear . He 's had this toy for about six months and it 's held up well . Highly recommend it .
 I have a Catahoula Leopard Dog . To say she 's an aggressive chewer is an understatement . Kali can go through a Nylabone in 12 hours!The Kong Dental Stick has shown her a thing or two . It 's been a week and she has n't been able to chew it to death . No teeth marks on the stick . No tiny pieces for me to step on like the Nylabone.Finally a chew toy that works more than 12 hours !
 I have a year and half old beagle that has teeth of steel ! I 've found few dog toys that could stand up to his tough chewing and thus far the Kong line of toys have been by far the best ! Of the three Kong toys I bought him at Christmas -LRB- he 's had a classic Kong for a year that is just starting to show its abuse -RRB- this one has taken most abuse , as he has found he can nibble off the ends of the ribs . It has still far outlast many other toys I 've bought him that claimed to be indestructible . I do n't know that I would buy the dental stick again but I would certainly purchase other Kong products without hesitation . This toy would likely be really good for a pet that was n't such an aggressive chewer . Thank goodness he only chews on his toys !
 As a guardian to five rescue dogs - four rat terrier/fox terrier/Jack Russell terrier mixes and a dachshund - my house is littered with dog toys . -LRB- My mother jokes that the dogs have more toys than she did growing up . -RRB- Far and away , their favorite brand is Kong . Some of the dogs are so fussy that they 'll even pass up the Kong imitations in favor of the classic red and black chew toys.The smallest of the bunch , 14-pound O-Ren , is also the roughest chewer . She can rip through some of the flimsier chew toys in just a few hours . -LRB- My lil ' girl is deceptively tough ! -RRB- Thus far , the Kong brand toys are the only chew toys I 've found that stand a chance against her tenacious teeth . If given the opportunity , she can still dismantle a Kong - but in a matter of weeks , not hours or days . Though she 's a small dog , I buy her medium-sized Kongs , since they offer added resistance -LRB- but always the red ones ; the black ones are tougher - XTREME ! - so much so that I 'm afraid they might knock her lil ' teefies loose -RRB- . Occasionally I 'll experiment with large Kongs , but they usually prove too big for her.Right now , she 's hooked on the red dental sticks ; I have a dozen backups stashed away in the pantry , so that when she ruins one , I can quickly replace it . As a smaller dog , she generally prefers the medium sized dental stick , however , she also has a few large ones that she 'll play with on occasion . The large size is small enough that she can still reasonably chew on it , but large enough that she has trouble carrying it in her mouth . So I try to coax her into playing fetch with the medium size ; and , when she 's got her mind on chewing , I try to replace the medium dental stick with a large one -LRB- since they 're that much more difficult to chew through -RRB- . If you have a medium - or large-sized dog , you 'll probably want to splurge on the large red dental Kong.A word of caution
 As a guardian to five rescue dogs - four rat terrier/fox terrier/Jack Russell terrier mixes and a dachshund - my house is littered with dog toys . -LRB- My mother jokes that the dogs have more toys than she did growing up . -RRB- Far and away , their favorite brand is Kong . Some of the dogs are so fussy that they 'll even pass up the Kong imitations in favor of the classic red and black chew toys.The smallest of the bunch , 14-pound O-Ren , is also the roughest chewer . She can rip through some of the flimsier chew toys in just a few hours . -LRB- My lil ' girl is deceptively tough ! -RRB- Thus far , the Kong brand toys are the only chew toys I 've found that stand a chance against her tenacious teeth . If given the opportunity , she can still dismantle a Kong - but in a matter of weeks , not hours or days . Though she 's a small dog , I buy her medium-sized Kongs , since they offer added resistance -LRB- but always the red ones ; the black ones are tougher - XTREME ! - so much so that I 'm afraid they might knock her lil ' teefies loose -RRB- . Occasionally I 'll experiment with large Kongs , but they usually prove too big for her.Right now , she 's hooked on the medium red dental sticks ; I have a dozen backups stashed away in the pantry , so that when she ruins one , I can quickly replace it . I also bought her a few large red dental sticks , which she likes , just not as much as the medium sized ones . The large size is small enough that she can still reasonably chew on it , but large enough that she has trouble carrying it in her mouth . So I try to coax her into playing fetch with the medium size ; and , when she 's got her mind on chewing , I try to replace the medium dental stick with a large one.A word of caution
 My puggle , a very aggressive chewer , loves this toy . Not only is it durable and fun , the ridges clean her teeth when she chews on it . I have found that the kong toys will last a good six months when everything else we give her is destroyed in minutes .
 I own a miniture poodle and this is by far his favorite kong . He is in the running for the most spoiled dog on earth so he has tons of toys including many other Kongs . I have had this toy for two years now and it is still in perfect condition . I spread some peanut butter or cheese in the grooves with a knife and and he will chew on it for hours . Cleaning it is easy too as I just throw it in the dishwasher . I totally recommend this toy for people with medium to small dogs .
 Dogs will do ANYTHING for these treats . Owners beware
 My 2 dogs love these , and so have all my foster dogs . They have minimal ingredients , so they 're great for my pups with food allergies and I do n't feel guilty feeding them because there is no extra crap or fillers . And they are great little treats that can easily be broken up into smaller bits for training exercises . The large bag goes a long way , especially if you 're breaking the bits up !
 Both of our dogs and our cat love these treats.We do n't seem to have anyone around our area that carriesthem . I find that all the animals in our lives love them .
 He loves these treats . We give them to him every time we leave the house , and they 're made in the USA
 My Yorky is the pickiest dog food conasuer . She wont eat hardly any dog treats . People food she loves , not dog stuff . She devours these ! LOve , Love , Loves them ! I finally found something she loves .
 THe product is great and hard to find . My dogs love themTHe service is great.The Dilivery is very quick
 I keep these treats handy during walks with my Sheba and Amstaff . Both love these treats and ca n't get enough of them !! Highly recommended !!!
 Real Meat Chicken & Venison Jerky Dog TreatsGracie was blase about her treats until I started these . When I bring these out she dances . I love to see a happy dog !
 This is a good product that I have been using for 2 years . My dog was starting to have a hard time getting up until I started using this product .
 Out of impulse , I bought a liner/pump kit then built a planter-like container to make an indoor pond . One year and one day , the original pump died ! I opted for this model as a replacement , it was 4 years ago . Even the original liner gave in and was replaced with a more durable one , the pump was still going , 24/24 . Just last week , after some maintenance the pump stopped working . I was about to order another -LRB- di n't expect that it last 4 years -RRB- when curiosity got the better of me . I opened it out , and frankly , it was solid , how would it fail ? Turned out , debris had built up and made it difficult for the shaft to make the first turn . Once that was addressed , it started going again . I really do n't know how Rio stays in business the way they make their pump this solid !
 This has allowed us to enjoy our fountain for a couple of years beyond the original pump ... and it is still going !
 I got this combo pack for my parents Yorkshire Terrier . It 's hard to find good toys for such a small dog . However , the toys I received were two teddy bears and the kong squeaker , no little kong itself as described . Also the two teddy bears are cat toys you stuff with cat nip . I can promise you that regardless which animal the toys were made for , my mom 's Yorkie loves those teddy bears stuff with his favourite treats and I have nothing really bad to say about the products I received other than a little disappointed it did n't come with a small kong as described .
 This 3 pack is pretty good . I have a 5 lb . Yorkie and he doesnt care much for the 3 squeaking mini tennis balls but wow , he goes NUTS for the tiny bear with the squeaker -LRB- + replacement squeaker -RRB- . Absolutely nuts , crazier than when he gets pigs ears as treats . Pretty good product overall .
 It helps with teething -LRB- ca n't wait to get rid of the puppy `` shark '' teeth -RRB- and keeps her entertained longer than any other toy . Of course I have to keep the goodies inside , but we have fun with it . She is a Giant Schnauzer and very tough , but she ca n't damage this ball !
 KONG Stuff-A-Ball , Extra LargeWell , almost forever ! I have two giant schnauzers and these balls hold up extremely well . The smaller size was chewed up , but the largest one seems to have them baffled . The dogs crunch and chew , even without any treats inside the balls . I highly recommend these balls . I 've had to replace the small one and I 've ordered new large ones for different rooms . I 've had the old ball for 4 YEARS !! They also scrub up , clean up easily . Kong balls and toys seem to be favorites of my dogs . I like them simply because they 're fun for my dogs and also safe .
 I have a rat terrier who is a powerful chewer . This toy with 3-4 Scooby Dog small snacks inside keeps her busy for 20-30 minutes in the morning , just enough for me to put my makeup on and get ready for work ... During this time I do n't have to worry about what else she might be chewing up in the house.Regular kongs do n't work for her , since her jaw is smaller than the opening , which makes it extremely easy to get the cookies out . Scooby snacks are harder than regular biscuits , so they last a bit longer in the stuffable ball.She has been working on that toy for 20-30 minutes a day for 6 + months , and it 's time to replace it , because it 's bursting at the seams . I am definitely getting another one of these . Oh , one more thing . I do n't let her chew it on any light colored carpet , because the cookies leave stains . She chews on it only in the bathroom on a rug that is easy to clean and rolls it all over the tiles without damaging anything.My other not-so-powerful chewer enjoys this toy as well , and it takes her much longer to get the cookies out . But a regular black kong works for her very well , so I mostly give this toy to my little but very toothy rattie.Update
 I have a huge dog who has had this 5 months and has barely put teeth marks on it . really tough stuff .
 My Samoyed loves this toy and so far has n't managed to trash it . Yay ! It 's sturdy and VERY chewable .
 I bought this as somthing that I can leave to distrct my puppy that freaks out when alone . It does help but it is kind of a pain to clean the lines if you use the kong stuff or peanut butter .
 My German Shepherd loves this toy , He no longer chews furniture yeah . I can stuff this full of all kinds of different treats .
 got a rescued adult dog , 3 years old . he was used to playing with plastic bottles and dog bones . this toy was almost a flop . he was n't sure how to get the treats out and i pretty much gave up on it as a mind challenging treat dispenser . however , my dog walker stuffed it before she left and when I got home , he got so excited and grabbed the ball and began chewing it . when treats came out , he got super excited and chewed even harder . i watched him continue to play with it for the next twenty minutes . he pretty much got all the treats out of it and now he understands how it works . since that day , he enjoys playing with it.so do n't give up ! they will figure it out if you keep trying .
 Our deerhound mix chews through everything in minutes , but this she has just tossed around and has n't put a dent in it . I recommed trying it , I know each dog is different , but this one was a good gamble .
 I love this product ! My dog is obsessed with it . Once a month I mix some kibbles with peanut butter and freeze it so she can have something to occupy her while I 'm at work while she 's in the kennel . She loves it so much she does n't even notice I leave or care that I 'm home . I really appreciate how it keeps her from getting so nervous about her kennel .
 My dog loves this toy this is the only toy she has n't destroyed . Very durable . I would recommend this to anyone that has a dog that likes to chew .
 both my 4 year old puggle and 9 months old retriever mix are obsessed with this kong toy . Of all their kongs this is the one they play with the most now . I put a dog cookie or treat inside and they go nuts trying to figure out to get it out . It 's great because it rolls around , so it keeps them very entertained and busy . They are both pretty destructive chewers and kong toys are the only ones that last with them .
 This toy has lasted at least three years with my two dogs and one especially LOVES it . However , it leaves red marks on the walls that need to be scrubbed -LRB- hard -RRB- to get them off . I 'm hopping to find the same product but in a color that does n't leave marks .
 Our dog -LRB- shepherd retriever mix -RRB- likes to play with it and roll it around to get the kibble out , but she does n't really chew on it to make use of the dental ridges . Also , when she rolls it around all sorts of hair and dirt get stuck in the ridges so you have to wash it all the time . It does seem to be pretty sturdy though .
 I purchased this toy in size large when my boxer was 12 weeks old . She is now two and a half years old and it never ceases to amaze me the hours of fun she has with it . Yes , it has bite marks and wear and tear , but it is one of her favorite toys . She knows when I reach for her box of doggy biscuits to bring me this toy . I fill it up and she has hours of fun moving it through the house or yard with her nose . When she gets to a wall/fence , she simply picks it up with her teeth and brings it back to the center of the area -LRB- room/yard -RRB- and starts the game all over again . As far as cleaning it ... I simply put it in the dishwasher with her bowls and other washable toys .
 Feel guilty about leaving your dog alone for 8 hours a day while you 're at work ? Invest in a Kong toy . These flexible , durable toys made out of natural rubber are designed to be chomped , chewed , drooled on , and salivated over . Simply stick a few semi-moist treats , dog biscuits , dog toothpaste , peanut butter , or anything tasty in the middle of the toy , and it gives your dog a few minutes to hours of mental stimulation while you 're gone.I 've been lucky - JP , my 11 year old pit bull - has been able to go to work with me for the past 10 years of his life . Unfortunately , he ca n't come to work with me anymore , much to the distress of his mother . Since then , I 've really appreciated Kong -LRB- and their other mental stimulation toys and treats -RRB- as a veterinarian . Just like how zoo animals need mental stimulation , so does your four-legged friend when he 's home alone . Thankfully , Kong actually make these for large elephants and zoo creatures too ! This company and toy definitely gets 2 thumbs up from this pet owner and vet .
 I recently bought this toy for my 10-month-old Shih-Tzu , Missy , who loves to chew . She was really excited about it when I got it out of the package . I put a small biscuit-type treat in it -LRB- not Kong brand , as I did n't have any of those -RRB- and a week later , the treat is still in the ball . It did keep her attention a good bit the first day but , since then , she shows only occasional interest in the ball . I guess I 'm not clear on how the treat-dispensing component of this ball works -- or perhaps you have to use Kong brand treats . I was hoping that this was going to keep her interest longer for when I am away from home , since she has separation anxiety.I 'm very happy that the ball is so sturdy . She has spent some time chewing on it and chasing it around and it still looks brand new .
 You know , beagles ... they collect , shred , destroy anything they can find.I put my beagle to a crate when I go to work -LRB- not necessary I want to , but for his safety -RRB- . I put 2 Kongs to the crate with him so he can play hours and hours -LRB- and hopefully last 10 hours -RRB- . Now he loves to go to the crate . Even when I 'm at home , he sleeps and play his Kong inside the crate . So , Kong definately helps for crate training!Only problem is , because he plays Kong all the time and takes everywhere in the house , I lose tracking . So , I will buy another one for backup !
 Feel guilty about leaving your dog alone for 8 hours a day while you 're at work ? Invest in a Kong toy . These flexible , durable toys made out of natural rubber are designed to be chomped , chewed , drooled on , and salivated over . Simply stick a few semi-moist treats , dog biscuits , dog toothpaste , peanut butter , or anything tasty in the middle of the toy , and it gives your dog a few minutes to hours of mental stimulation while you 're gone.I 've been lucky - JP , my 11 year old pit bull - has been able to go to work with me for the past 10 years of his life . Unfortunately , he ca n't come to work with me anymore , much to the distress of his mother . Since then , I 've really appreciated Kong -LRB- and their other mental stimulation toys and treats -RRB- as a veterinarian . Just like how zoo animals need mental stimulation , so does your four-legged friend when he 's home alone . Thankfully , Kong actually make these for large elephants and zoo creatures too ! This company and toy definitely gets 2 thumbs up from this pet owner and vet .
 My 3yrs old golden retriever has loved this thing since she was a puppy . Before when she was a puppy , she could n't get her mouth around it , but as she got older she began grabbing it with her mouth and tossing it on the ground in hopes to jar loose some treats . It 's rather entertaining watching her toss the kong stuff a ball around the house . It keeps her occupied for hours .
 I have a dog that is very very food motivated and loves to shred soft toys and paper . I got this ball at a pet store along with some of the mint canned spray stuff . At first my dog just kinda licked at it a little and did n't seem to care for it . Then I put her regular dry dog food inside . She went nuts poking it with her nose to get the kibble to fall out . Now I am feeding her part of her meals with it so that she has some fun and does n't inhale her food too fast . I just wish it were bigger so I would n't have to refill it as much . -LRB- we have the medium since she is just under 40lbs , it seems to hold about a cup of food -RRB- .
 Bought this for our two lab mixes and they have not chewed it up yet . They love trying to get the treats out of the middle .
 It would have been nice for the ball to have a smaller hole to limit fall of normal dog food .
 Length :
 This is a great product that has kept my lab busy for hours ! My german shepherd loves to chase it down and bring it back but my lab 's sole desire is to destroy it which he has n't been able to do yet so it is pretty durable . I wish the grooves were larger so I could get more peanut butter in it without buying their special can but it is n't a big deal . If I could find an &#34; Xtreme &#34; version , I would go for it just because those seem to last forever.Bottom line ; I would recommend this to any dog owner .
 I have a 30lb beagle and she loves it . We stuff it with carrots and it keeps her busy for a long time .
 My dog loves this toy . He runs around the house with it but it 's also durable enough that he has n't been able to eat it . My dog still likes it without anything stuffed inside . Its good to use as a ball to because it has a weird bounce .
 This is the only dog toy our 40lb lab has not destroyed . Everything else - Kong included - she can chew in a couple of days . It 's perfect for adding peanut butter or cream cheese too .
 cleans teeth very well but if you have a serious chewing dog it will start to break apart eventually -LRB- two weeks of a couple hours a day -RRB- . i knew that the red kongs were not the strongest but i like how it cleans their teeth so much that i will just keep ordering more . amazon sells these for about half the price of anywhere else . if nothing else , keep one of these on hand for occassional use for teeth cleaning and let em really chomp on the black traditional kongs .
 One of Tilly 's favorite toys ! I put baby carrots inside the ball , and then use a plastic baggy with the tip cut to squeeze peanut butter into each crevice . This keeps Tilly occupied for a long time , and is n't messy !
 Stuffing this with a variety of treats , peanut butter , cheese , etc. , keeps my chewer occupied for quite a long time . Good value .
 This ball is great for all sorts of treats and does not tare appart with the chewing by the dog .
 I guess it depends on the dog , but mine uses her tongue to try and get the treat out . She never actually chews on the tabs so wear has not been an issue at all . I have about 4 of these all over the house and they work out great . I recommend using biscuit sized treats for this kong in particular .
 We received exactly what we ordered and quickly.Our dog loves the Kong Stuff A Ball . We put his treats in it and watch him play for quite awhile !
 This is a great training/toy for large breed dogs , like it alot better than the solid kong ball . Both my dogs love it !
 I recently brought a yellow Lab puppy into my household , and am exhausted trying to keep tabs on the little house wrecker . The Kong Stuff-A-Ball is a wonderful toy for my little guy
 I 've had the stuff a ball for about 2.5 years now , still in decent shape , but will probably need to buy another one within the next six months.The rubber is starting to rip , but my dog plays with it almost everyday.I was concerned that the COLOR might have been rubbing off on my dog 's fur -LRB- around his mouth -RRB- . But I 'm not really sure if that 's from the Kong or from his treat
 Had been looking for a while for this item . The dog loves it . best item for a dog who likes treats . Makes them actually do some work for it .
 I looove this ball . It keeps smart dogs busy , and working for their food . The concept of treat and reward is brilliant.I 've watched several dogs play with this ball and each have a certain technique with it . I 've had a Corgi roll the ball around with it 's nose , herding it into a corner until treats come out . I 've had a Poodle mix , chase the ball down , hold it with his paws , and occasionally squeezing the treats out . I 've had a Golden Retriever pick and drop the ball . Regardless of the dog , they 've all loved it . Some dogs , the less cleaver one ca n't really figure how to get the food out , so for them I just smear peanut butter on the sides . It 's a little messy , so my recommendation would be to have them play with it in a smaller space , with no carpet.The Kong cleans up easily as well . I normally rinse it under water and use a little soap and let it air dry . When I 'm lazy I 'll put it in the dish washer .
 Keeps the dog busy for hours.She loves this toy and I highly recommend adding it to your dog 's toy chest !
 This listed the dimensions as 5.3 x 3 x 6.8 inches but when it came was larger than what I expected it to be . My dog has the smaller one and I measured it to figure out which one to order ... I guess I measured in a different spot . anyway , my dog wore out his smaller one and we wanted to get a replacement for him ... I had to give this to my Mother in law 's black lab as this was way to big for my 15 lb . dog .
 The quality is great . Good product . My dog had a lot of fun with it in the beginning , now it 's just being used for snacks . But its definitely made of good quality material !
 Had purchased 3 brands of treat balls , and this is sturdiest of them all . The other two was either torn apart or badly scratched . Came back to purchase another . The large version of this is a little too big for my liking , as the treats are easily taken out . Went ahead to purchase another in medium . Going to go with Kong ! So far my 4 Kong product and they have all survived my two destroyer dogs !
 This is the third toy of this style we have given our 35lb dog and the only one she has n't destroyed in seconds . So far its held up pretty well and should last for a long time . Do n't bother with similar toys on Amazon , they 're all junk .
 Give my dog Shana a soft toy and in 30 seconds it will be shredded , unrecognisable , and spread from one end of the house to the other . Give her a tennis ball , and 2 minutes later it is gone.I bought Shana a Kong Stuff a Ball with the hopes that it would last her more than a day . 7 months later , the ball is still intact , and is her favorite toy!When I fill the ball with the special peanut stuff that I bought with it , it keeps her quiet for hours while she tries to lick it out . I have started filling the ball with treats , which she enjoys getting out . We also use this ball to play fetch with , and it is so durable.I ca n't believe it has lasted as long as it has . It still looks new , and has only a few minor teeth mark indents which is hard to believe ! Although the ball seems expensive , it is worth it because it will last 100 times longer than anything else.If you have a pet that loves to chew , the Kong Stuff a Ball is for you !!! -LRB- how poetic -RRB-
 I have a 14 year-old 40 lb American Eskimo that can clean out the medium red Kong toys in no time flat -- even if I freeze them and get creative with my stuffing . I switched to the medium black Kong toys for more aggressive chewers , and that slows her down a little . But this ball toy tops them all.I use the Kong Snaps , Stuff 'n' spray and Ziggies , and she 'll usually wear out and curl up , satisfied , before it 's empty . She 's never really been interested in fetching , but this toy never fails to excite her and ignite her hunt instinct.Update
 I adopted a small 10 pound mixed dog . He would n't eat for days . I looked all over the internet for ideas on how to get him to eat . Lots of suggestions but I found that when I put his food in this ball he loved it !! I put all kinds of treats in this ball and he rolls it around and gets the contents to fall out . I cut up carrots and put in the ball and he rolls it around the floor until they fall out so he can eat them . I know it is an unconventional way to use the KONG ball ... but he loves it !
 My 35 lbs . terrier has been devoted to this toy for two years now . He is on his fourth one , having worn and weakened the others after many hours of torturing it . When you buy it , buy a package of Checkups Dental Dog Treats which Amazon also carries . Break one Checkup in half and stuff it into the medium-size Kong and my pooch will consider it a project for the whole evening . Pushing it all the way into the new Kong might take hand strength and determination on your part . Getting it out requires crushing doggie jaw pressure , a series of well thought out strategies like dropping the Kong while perched on a footstool , or carrying it up a flight of steps and bouncing it down to the lower level , then checking each step for crumbles that may have dislodged on the trip down . All the time he is working on extracting the bone , he is cleaning his teeth on the Kong - I do n't think the vet will ever have to have to anesthetize him and clean them again . My boy brings me the Kong right after he finishes his supper each night and cries like a girl until I stuff it with a Checkup and the fun can begin .
 I bought the large and the x-large , not knowing which would be best . The x-large is too large for my dogs . They can use it , but it holds too much and the treats drop out too easily . I have a young Rotti and an old 110 lb . German Shepherd . The Rotti bounces and whacks it all over the place to get the treats . The German Shepherd has learned that if she brings it to an enclosed -LRB- small -RRB- space she does n't have to chase it and can just push it around with her nose to get her treats . I use cut up turkey hotdogs and the dogs really love it . I 'm back to buy more simply so I can have `` spares '' when I ca n't find where they put them , plus I like to run them through the dish washer for an `` ultra clean '' and I need to have the spares . These are tough toys and I seriously doubt that ANY dog can tear them up . WELL worth the money !
 My puppy liked this toy much better than the regular kong . It was real easy to stuff the inside with dry kibble that would slowly fall out as well as putting peanut butter inbetween the lil ridges.Keeps her busy for a long time , and she has n't managed to destroy it .
 I find the Stuff-A-Ball to be a great product for feeding as well as treating the dogs . On one end is a slit for air flow , On the other end is a 1.5 '' hole with four protrusions such that only .75 '' pieces pass through easily . Many dogs will chew off these protrusions.For a quick treat I put in the largest biscuit I can fit along with smaller biscuits of different sizes . The dogs insert their lower jaw in order to bite and break the larger biscuits.For meals I fill it with dog food ; dry , soaked in water to expand it and make the food more difficult to remove , or soaked with mix-ins for extra taste . I refrigerate or freeze , depending on the dog , the filling , the weather ... A favorite is to freeze a L or XL Ball with soaked food and a raw chicken wing.Note
 So my dog showed little interest in the old school kong since it does not hold treats well , tried the kong dental chew tube style and nothing fit worth ... well you get it . This one is great , in large you can use either a medium milk bone or large depending on the dogs aptitude . You really have to cram them in and it makes it a good challenge for the dog . My dog used to love rawhide chews but I soon found he was VERY allergic to them and struggled to find something to keep him entertained for more than 5 minutes . This toy has done the trick in spades . The first one lasted about 3 years then just got a little grungy and hard so I replaced it with another and he still loves it . The only issue I have is not the products fault and is that my dog can now dislodge and get at even the large milkbone in under 3 minutes , its still great watching him do it 1 . pounce on ball 2 . pick up ball 3 . flip ball up high in mouth 4 . crush the life out of it while upside down 5 . treat comes out . . he has this down to a science . The large is good for him he is a 45lb spitz , border collie mix -LRB- best we can tell -RRB- and this is his favorite toy . I would not use squeezable treats in this as it would be a nightmare to clean and would get all over your dog , floors and even walls in some cases . The toy is too heavy and erratic to throw indoors without making a horrific racket . Overall great toy and you can play with the size and shape of treats to put in to change the level of challenge .
 We have one of these and it has lasted 9 months since I bought it . The treats come out pretty easy but then the dogs roll it around playing with it . Highly recommend this toy .
 This is the first toy I 've actually felt comfortable leaving my dog alone with . I have a lab mix and she usually destroys every toy within minutes . One day , I gave her a baseball because I ran out of toys and she had pieces of cork all over the floor in 5 minutes . She loves getting the treats out of this and so far , it has lasted a week with pretty regular play .
 I bought the Large size for two of my dog 's friends . She is 60 lbs , her friends are too . I bought the large but was surprised to see how big it was . The one my dog has must be a medium which is way more appropriate for her size . The large is almost too big for her to carry . I ca n't even imagine what the XL would be like.Over all it is a great toy , very durable for the hard chompers .
 These Kongs are the only toy my pitbull does n't destroy . He loves them with frozen peanut butter or with crunchies ... gives him something to do while I 'm at work all day .
 As with all dog toys , your dog randomly loves them or not . Our senior German Shepherd LOVES this toy ! We stuff it with various things , usually various dog foods -LRB- the size and shape of Royal Canin German Shepherd food mixed with smaller kibble works especially well -RRB- mixed with cheese , training treat bits , a little smear of cream cheese/cheese spread/peanut butter or Kong Stuff 'n Easy Treat , etc. and we have a happy dog for awhile ! The opening for stuffing is smaller than other larger Kong toys and has molded in rubber tabs to make it harder for the kibble/treats to fall out , thus making it more fun/challenging . Our dog does not chew on this toy , but licks at it until we are sure he wo n't have a tongue left ! He also loves to bat it around the floor watching the random movements due to the unique shape -LRB- while pouncing on it -RRB- . The shape and ridges make it easy for him to hold on to with his paw/nails while he `` works on it '' . Because it is so large , he ca n't really get his mouth around it to chew very well -LRB- extra-large size -RRB- , but does n't seem to care . If you want your dog to chew on the ridged part -LRB- for teeth cleaning -RRB- you may want to buy a smaller size than recommended . Our dog loves this so much , we bought two , so while one is drying out after washing , we have a dry one to play with . Will definitely purchase this again !
 Our German Shepherd can shred a tennis ball in less than a minute . He loves to chew and this Kong allows him to chew 'til he is exhausted . Putting treats in it is a bonus . He has had this for a couple months and has only nicked it in a few spots .
 This is an excellent toy for its design and durability . I stuff a handful of diced apple in the toy and it keeps my golden retriever suitably intrigued . As he got quicker in getting the treats out of the ball , I cut the apples into larger pieces and added baby carrots to increase the challenge . The grooves on the toy are also deep and this enhances its tooth cleaning function . A healthy salad and a tooth polish ! To top this off , this toy is super tough -LRB- i.e. in good condition after 2 weeks and counting -RRB- . That is saying a lot as my boy is a super chewer .
 My beagle loves this especially smeared with peanut butter . Unfortunately , she can still damage it . Much better price than the big pet stores .
 Bought this for daughters dog he is learning to retrieve works great and fun pass time for dog , keep him occupied for short amounts of time and loves to get the treat inside .
 I bought this thinking the new baby puppy black lab would want it most . Nope ! Our yorkshire terrier takes control of it when we fill it up with milkbone treats . I stick a few in , then crush it a little and she goes wild ! Our Chorkie will get in on the games too and they all chase it around the living room . I need to get a few more so they do n't have to fight over it . This is by far the best Kong toy I have bought . It really keeps them entertained for hours .
 The Kong Stuff a Ball is a fantastic product and a great value . My dog can inhale his regular kibble meal in under 30 seconds , and he * would * if we would let him . But gobbling too fast leads to health problems including bloat , plus it deprives my pup of all the entertainment value to be derived from having to work for his food.Here 's how I use it : Fill the medium Stuff a Ball with Acana Wild Prairie Grain-Free kibble . These kibble bits are very small , so they 're perfect for this size dispenser . Stuff it full , then smear some peanut butter across the top opening . Require a good `` sit , '' then give him the ball.It now takes him ten minutes to eat his meal , plus he really enjoys the challenge of extracting the kibble from the ball . The rubber is hard enough and the texture is interesting enough to encourage a little recreational chewing -LRB- and teeth cleaning -RRB- so what 's not to love?At night , I often fill the ball with kibble and seal it in the food vault so I can just reach in and grab it in the early morning.I highly recommend this product !
 My 12 lb schnauzer/yorkie loves the Kong ball . The small is just the right size for her to be able to pick up with her mouth . I fill it with kibble and when she empties it we play fetch . I love that the ball is easy to clean , and it bounces when we throw it . My mom 's poodle usually has little interest in toys ; when I brought the ball with us for a weekend visit , my mom 's dog could n't play with it enough so I got a second one for her dog - now we have two happy dogs
 Very , very study product . My dogs are still trying to get the hang of it but I am sure they will . I would definitely recommend it .
 I have three of these balls , I also have 3 dogs . A DDR German Shepherd at 96lbs , a 60lb Husky mix and a 45lb Collie mix . The two smaller dogs love these toys . The shepherd -LRB- Blitz -RRB- saw me lightly toss the ball and treats fall out so Blitz will pick up the toy and throw it against the wall . HOme and toy still survives even today . Great way to keep dogs happy on a rainy day or before they go to bed . These can survive in my house I know they are built to last .
 I have a border collie that has chewed through half of my possessions with little effort . I was concerned this would not hold up to her . She has worked on it for the past month and it still looks new . I plan to buy a few more of these so she can chew some while I am cleaning the other ones .
 Great long lasting toys made in the U.S. Just add peanut butter to the grooves for lengthy dog interest . This is a large ball suitable for big dogs .
 I 've tried a variety of Kong toys for my dog , and this one is definitely the favorite , both for him and for me . The other Kongs have been much easier for him to get treats out of , and generally do n't hold his interest for more than 15 minutes or so at a time -- once they 're emptied out , he could care less . This one , however , really takes effort for him to get treats out of . If I stuff it well , he can easily spend the entire afternoon chewing away.The rubber is durable , as Kong products generally are . I 've seen a few complaints about dogs chewing off the tabs around one of the holes , but I 've seen no wear to those from my dog 's chewing .
 I have been using Stuff-a-Ball toys for years . They 're durable , and can entertain dogs for hours if properly stuffed . We have a variety of small and/or breakable dog treats that can be crammed inside . The more it 's stuffed , the longer it will last as your dog chews on the pliable rubber -- it 's good for their gums , too ! Read the packaging to make sure you order the right size for your dog .
 I got this to go along with his kong but this thing keeps him busy for a while . I put the spray stuff on the outside and a few treats on the inside and he just goes to town .
 This is the only product I have been able to find that my lab ca n't destroy in less than an hour . They last four to six months before they start to tear at the `` seams '' . We fill her treat ball every morning for her as we get ready for work and it keeps her busy trying to get the different size treats we put in . She 's even figured out how to hold the ball between her feet while on her back so the treats fall down to the opening for her to try to crunch up so they come out . Worth the price !!
 As a special treat , a pig ear is easily one of the best choices for man 's best friend . My little friend loves these and wo n't let them go until the last bit is done.Unlike some other chew treats , there are n't any parts of this which are hard to eat so you wo n't have any little scraps left over . No muss , no fuss and a happy dog is what you want and what you get.I do n't know first-hand how these taste but the pooch sure does want more !
 I have bought several different brands of pig ears . Most seem to use a tanning process in which the pig ears get soft , mushy , and smell horrible.These pig ears actually smell like pork and their crispy . My 10 week old puppy is able to devour a pig ear in one sitting.My pup will knaw on most pig ears for a few minutes and then give up on them while moaning and groaning in frustration.She can actually eat these ears from start to finish !
 My dogs have always been fond of pigs ' ears , but they go crazy over these ! The price is competitive -LRB- if you can wrangle free shipping -RRB- and the quality is excellent . I have ordered several times with no complaints.I highly recommend!All the best , Jay
 I have a 100 pound dog , and he goes through at least 1 pig ear a day . These are a fantastic product at an amazing product - the 24 count is a little over $ 1/ear . Just be aware that these are LARGE . You would want to have at least a 40 pound dog to get through one of these in one go .
 I have been ordering smoked pig ears for years from some other companies . These are by far the best quality and my dogs LOVE them !
 too bad she does n't love me as much other times . Ah , dog bribes , where would we be without them .
 Both German shepherds love them . I actually ran out and need to buy more . I do however feel like the ears were a little small but dogs love them and finish them within seconds I cant blink of I will miss them eating them . 2 paws up
 I do n't know what it is about this product , but my dog is in love with these nasty things . It 's such a great deal , too ! I suggest buying these .
 My dog really likes these pig ears . She never gets tried of them . I like that while they are a little oily , they do n't smell .
 These were perfect for my dog . The bag contained all FULL-SIZED ears -LRB- no slivers or little chunks -RRB- . The flavor must have been good ; the dog 's enthusiasm ranked above flavorless &#34; natural &#34; pig ears and below fresh pig ears leftover from a roast . I will be purchasing these again because they 're the best quality for the price .
 Made in the USA , how can you beat that ? And my Boxer loves them ! Price has steadily risen , but the quality of the product is good . They are dry , free of mold and moisture ! I have just placed a repeat order ! Highly recommend if they stay this quality !
 These pig ears are made in the USA , virtually odorless , non-greasy , good size , and dogs LOVE them . What more is there to say?I 'll definately be buying these again !
 i got these in about 4-5 days after payment.i gave them one each when i got them . and put the rest away for Christmas ... well my dogs did n't stupid they go up the the closet and sniff every time i open it lolso i assume they loved them
 I got these some time ago for my spoiled rotten beagle ... and he 's even more spoiled now ... a bit thinner but still overly spoiled ! They 're wonderful and very few calories .
 I had purchased theHartz 8 Oz Dental Pig Ear Pieces 98413for my 8 week old Golden Retriever . She wanted nothing to do with them . Then I gave her one of these and she is acting as if I just put a nice juicy steak in front of her -LRB- even though she just ate -RRB- . Looks like it 's going to keep her busy for a while . We 'll see .
 My dogs just about freeze in place when I pull the bag out they are so focused on that bag ! Great quality and sizing is pretty uniform.Order the 20 pack for best pricing , the 24 pack is more per ear . I do not understand ...
 good product , not just pieces but full ears , shipped on time , less expensive than than the chain stores .
 Pig ears must be to dogs what chocolates are to humans . My vet recommends them instead of rawhide , and I 've never been sorry .
 Good price for the pigs ears . Perfect size . My dog loves them . They are getting too expensive at the pet stores
 This is an excellent value , and my dogs are crazy about the pig ears . I intend to keep ordering them .
 My horse found these treats very tasty . I purchased several other packages to give out as holiday stocking stuffers .
 We have 2 large dogs -LRB- coon hound and pit bull mix -RRB- and they love these treats . They do not seem to tire of any one flavor and work hard to get even a chip off one strip.We can stuff the strips into a `` kong '' and the dogs will be occupied for hours.The strips can dry out a bit after the package is opened ... but it seems to have no affect on how much the dogs like the product .
 My dogs love these treats . They also seem to help my dog 's breath . She had terrible breath , and after the treat , her breath did n't smell horrible any more . It smelled like chicken and herbs . I think I smell the parsley more than anything else . Trying to get your dog to breathe in your face while you pick out the scent is somewhat challenging , however , and rather amusing .
 My dogs just go crazy over these treats . I got ta say it is great to have such a good natural product that I 'm not afraid to give to my dogs!No more bad treats EVER !
 I love these breathies because they are very healthy for my dogs . the ingredients are great for not only the breath but digestion and breathing and my one dog has bad allergies . the price is great and the smaller bags stay fresher . very happy with this price and package .
 I have been using the Whisper filters for several years now . I have two of the 60 's and they do an excellent job . They are reliable and easy to maintain .
 Colorful and the horse loved all of them ! Nice small package for travel . It was wonderful to have them so small for a horse on a diet but rewarding for the horse . Each piece is imprinted which is way cute .
 I purchased this lead after borrowing my sister 's slip lead to walk my previously unwalkable dog . This length -LRB- 6 ' -RRB- and diameter -LRB- 3/8 '' -RRB- lead walks our Bichon-Cocker mix without too much excess length . I wanted a leash long enough to allow for control on walks AND some leeway to allow for bathroom stops . I opted for the salt/pepper color and narrower diameter lead to differentiate between this and the additionalBlack British Slip Lead All in One Dog Collar and LeashI purchased for use with my Gordon Setter . The manufacturing is top notch ; the leather slide is indeed sleek and stylish . But above all this slip lead gets an A + for functionality ! Easily placed high on the neck , it cinches quickly for gentle correction . A must-have for families dealing with a troublesome puppy . My 6 yr old niece gave me my first tutorial on using a slip lead -LRB- somewhat self-explanatory but try telling that to a 6 yr old -RRB- and has had great control over my dog since .
 I own big strong american staffordshire terriers and after useing a slip lead I will use no other leash ... they are fantastic ...
 Droll Yankees is the best bird feeder . Made from top notch material . It will last a long time .
 Very popular with the birds and the one squirrel that has learned to walk the tightrope where the feeder is suspended between the house and the maple tree about 50 feet up . Good quality , good design , good price , and we were able to add a little platform to the bottom .
 Now on my 3rd order . Keeps the cats from using the areas on the carpet they have ` selected ' , and from using the couch as a convenient scratching post .
 I have two cats and unfortunately the cat that I really did n't need it for decided to eat it , yes eat it , so I have to remove it . But I will say that it went on the furniture real well and its practically invisible ! I think it would of worked well had I not had a plastic eating cat lol . I would recommend trying it for sure !!
 My dog actually walks better after taking these . I recommend these to anyone with an older dog . A A A A A A A
 I have a 10 lb terrier mix and a 40lb shepherd mix . Both dogs love this toy and play with it non-stop . The shepherd is a MASSIVE chewer , and will chew through most plush toys immediately . This toy , however , has lasted months -LRB- and counting -RRB- without being torn open , longer than any `` soft '' toy we have gotten her in the past .
 My male tabby goes nuts for this scratcher ! It 's not for every cat -- my little calico could care less -- she prefers sisel . It is rather pricey considering it 's just cardboard -LRB- I think I paid close to $ 25 at a local pet store -- it 's a lot cheaper here -RRB- , but it is pretty sturdy considering . Instead of buying refills I had to just buy a whole new scratcher because -LRB- 1 -RRB- my husband stepped on it and crushed the bottom and -LRB- 2 -RRB- my cat ripped the `` mouse '' out of the little porthole in the back.I can actually drop my cat on top of this thing when he 's misbehaving -LRB- scratching furniture , carpet , ME -RRB- , and he 'll happily start scratching away at it ! Good kitty !
 I just bought another one cause after 3 years the other one has had it . I tried another one that lasted a total of one day before cat took it apart . a couple things that make this better is that its already assembled -LRB- at least one I bought in store was -RRB- and has a bottom to it making it sturdier . Also the hangy ball inside was attached with a washer from under straching pad . The other incline scratcher I bought did not have a bottom and cat just pushed it down flattening it the first day . He also tore the hangy thing off because the `` washer '' was only thin cardboard . My first one of this one had metal washer and new one is plastic but its still better than a paper washer.My cats prefer corrugated cardboard pads over sisal type and they love the incline type .
 I sent this to my brother for his cat , Felipe , and apparently he could smell the catnip through the amazon box and attacked it as soon as it arrived .
 The Kladders come in three sizes . I had the small from my Cockatiel , who never did seem to like it . However my new baby Congo African Grey loved the Kladder -LRB- small -RRB- and loved climbing on it and chewing it until it came apart . Even though he is a little big for it.i stuck the still usable parts together with a small replacement chain link , and he kept at it until another link was eaten up . Now I have a single Kladder link hung up in the top of the cage , and the remaining threesome on another hook.He plays with them still.I then bought a LARGE Kladders from Amazon , and it is too large for my Congo African Grey . He just can not get a good hold of it , -LRB- though he has tried . -RRB- -LRB- -LRB- But it look Great in the big cage i got for him . . also from Amazon . -RRB- -RRB- So I have ordered another small and a medium Kladder . To see if the medium is just right for my CAG . I may be able to do something with the big one like place it on its side across the top of the cage to climb on ?? Anyway , i like the Kladders , and so does my Congo African Grey 6 month old baby.My cockatiel never had any interest in the Kladder . -LRB- he loved hiding in boxes . .17 years of seeking out medium sized boxes and climbing in . . Yup , that was my boy . -RRB- -RRB- So anyway Kladders get a big thumbs up from me and my African Grey Parrot . -LRB- Not so great for Cockatiels though . . They are just not the ` chewing machine ' parrots are . . LOL . -RRB-
 This is great for my leopard gecko ! His habitat was not warm enough over the winter so he was not eating as much , or being as active as usual . Popped this in and he ate a bowl of meal worms the following night ! I 'm also going to get the 150 watt version for nights when it is really cold . Do not use this without an accurate DIGITAL thermometer or temperature gun . It will get HOT . I use this in the day with a plain incandescent bulb , and by itself at night . It is ideal for night , because there are no UV rays or black light to hurt his nocturnal eyes . In my experience , it is the best alternative to an under-tank heater if you can not , or do not want to use one . It does a much better job than the myriad terrarium light bulbs they sell at the pet store . Those just wo n't cut it for arid/tropical reptiles . I 've been using it for one week , and so far the 100 watt heater consistently keeps my 20 gallon long terrarium 10 degrees above the temperature that my home thermostat reads . In my situation , my gecko needed more heat for his health so it was well worth the price . If it lasts as long as it is supposed to , I will save money in the long run .
 Product was exactly what my A805 air pump needed . Took about 5 minutes to install . Back in service in less then 10 minutes . Too bad the local stores do n't seem to want to carry the diaphragms . Price was fair .
 So , it did what it said it would do and made air pump out of the outlet holes again . I hate having to buy these , but I think all pump diaphragms break up after a while . They are easy to swap out and work great .
 Bought to use in a small chicken house . It is perfect . It keeps the chicken house evenly warm and our chickens have continued to lay eggs in the coldest months as a result .
 My tortoise is happy since I added this heat bulb to his setup . I am using this with a 20 gallon long tank and it is suspended about 2 1/2 or 3 inches over the top . You can feel the warmth underneath with your hand and it does n't damage the screen in any way if you are using a screen lid .
 No burnt dragon here ... perfect warming through the night without too much heat to mess up the sleeping cycle and safe !
 I have 2 8 ft outdoor aviaries and each winter I depend on ceramic heat lamps to give heat security to my birds . This is my second set of heat lamps and will be my go-to lamps as long as I have birds in captivity outdoors ! I also have a Bearded Dragon and I appreciate the continuous comfort .
 Wirh a long history of owning reptiles , I have come to trust Fluker 's Ceramic Heat Emitter to provide adequate , longlasting heat . Ceramic heat bulbs are expensive , but they last so much longer than other bulbs .
 My old ceramic heat emitter burned out after about 3 years . Luckily it was during the summer , so my iguana did n't get too chilly . I placed the order for this bulb through Amazon and received it within a few days ... even with the Super Saver shipping option ! Happy to say that Dude , the Ig , is quite happy and toasty again spending her nights nestled beneath the new Flukers ceramic heat emitter .
 These are good quality heat emitters at a very good price point compared to your local pet store . At 150 watts , they put out quite a bit of heat for indoor terrariums . Good product overall . I have used several other Fluker 's products all ordered on Amazon and I 'm very satisfied with their quality .
 My Boa loves the heat the Fluker 's Ceramic Heat Emitter 150 Watt puts off.I will be buying another when needed .
 Purina LITTLE BITES is economical and my miniature poodle seems to like it and be able to eat it without difficulty . He 's 10 years old with a few dental issues and needs tiny , easy to chew bites .
 My little Pom loves this food ! He refuses to eat anything else . The morsels are small enough for him to chew and not too crunchy . This item is a good price for the size as well . I will buy again .
 doggies love it i like no bribing so good to eat doggies love to kill it piece by piece nugget by nugget they say thank you
 I have been feeding this to my 2 chihuahua mix dogs for years now . One is very picky and this is the only food she would eat . I have tried switching to other kibble , but this one is the only one that does n't make them sick . Highly recommend this food for anyone with small dogs .
 Maybe it 's the pre-frayed decorative edges . Maybe it 's the center striped-stitch decorative patch which says `` lay down here . '' Maybe it 's because I make a big deal about everything I obtain on my pair of small dogs ' behalf . Anyway , this cushion is a huge hit and they both like it much better than the jacquard velvet one I bought at a fancier pet specialty retailer . Go figure . I am probably buying a second one even though we have lots of dogs beds in various states of repair .
 The Beagle that we have at our house , just fell in love with this thing the moment she saw it .
 I have a lab who lives to fetch . I found myself going through `` indestructible '' dog frisbees and fetch toys within a month . 2-1/2 years ago my sister bought Henry a Floyd for Easter and it lasted well over a year . I did finally have to replace it after Henry chewed a hole in the cloth . A few weeks ago I had to buy our third one -- because we could n't find it after I threw it . Not sure if it went under the barn or over the fence but Henry frantically searched and I joined in . I ordered a replacement one the same day . We had a hard week waiting for it to come but Henry is now happily fetching morning , noon and night .
 I love the way my Yokie-poo smells after her weekly bath.I wo n't say she is thrilled with being sprayed , so I 've tried spraying it on my hands and working it in and it works just fine that way .
 As others have mentioned before , this spray works great as a freshener but only so-so as a leave-in conditioning or grooming agent . I like the green apple scent -- reminiscent of a Jolly Rancher candy and less cloying than many commonly found sprays at the store -- and found it has a staying power of between 1 and 3 days , depending on how much time my Shiba pup has spent playing outside .
 Apple scent is sweet and natural ; not too overpowering . I use it to get the wet dog smell out of her when it 's raining ! However , I do n't notice her coat being extra soft as I have experienced with other grooming sprays .
 The spray smells like apple candy , which I like , so my dog finally smells good . This product is great if your dog smells and you do n't want to give him a bath . I also like that the spray mechanism sprays a very fine mist .
 i love spraying this on my mini schnauzer after his walks . He smells like hound when i bring him in -LRB- how ... i have no clue -RRB- and this spray knocks his smell out . It has a strong green apple smell when you first spray it however once its being worn on the dog it gets really mild and pleasant . Costs a bit much :-RRB- but i love it all the same.THe detangling side of the product is kinda true . Yes it detangles but if i sprayed water on my dogs fur in one area it would get we enough to detangle too . so its not the reason i use the spray .
 I 've been searching high and low for a crisp apple scent to match the crisp apple hydrosurge shampoo -LRB- too bad hydrosurge does n't make cologne to match their shampoos ! -RRB- and this smells perfect . Numerous other brands that I have tried either smell like candy , sour apple , or just downright stink -LRB- biogroom for ex -RRB- One other brand makes a nice apple scent , but when it is sprayed on the dog , you ca n't smell it ! This is so light and pleasant , it is perfect , and it makes my dog smell great . It also smells like just like this really great crisp `` red delicious '' apple candle that I have from the `` White Barn Candle Co '' . I love this cologne !!! When I smell it I just want to go `` ahhhhh '' .
 Very nice apple scent , I use it on my goldens especially when they come in and are damp from rain or snow . They like it too . Tails a waggin ...
 This product works well . I have two labs one choc and one black . My friends always bring their dogs over . The product has worked great on all except Abbey my seven-month-old troublemaker . I actually nicknamed her trouble . The vet said to me that dogs who liked bitter apple -LRB- 0.01 % do -RRB- would hate Fooey . Well she must be a statistic maker because she loves it . This nor bitter apple , Tabasco has worked . I guess I should expect this from a dog who I have caught chewing a shard of glass , aluminum cans , and rocks -LRB- she actually broke the rock -RRB- .
 This is the best dog toy eeeeeevvvvvvveeeeeeerrrrr ! Two -LRB- yes , TWO -RRB- squeekers , one forward and one aft , really add a lot to the simulated kill experience . This is one he really loves , in fact he loves them so much we have bought 11 -LRB- yes , eleven -RRB- of them . The only downside is that he loves them so much they wear rather quickly requiring frequent trips to the Duck Repair Room -LRB- DRR -RRB- . A real testament to the timeless design of a true classic ! ** This rating is for the duck model only .
 I purchased one of these for my dog about a year ago at a local store and she just loved it . Laid with it everywhere , very fun to watch . After many months of chewing it wore out and I had to find more . The local petstore did n't have them any more and I was surprised to find them on Amazon . The price was good , I ordered one when it was around $ 8 and a few weeks back I saw that they were on sale for just wonder $ 3 each ! What a great deal so I actually ordered 6 more . Now my dog has ducks all over and is just so happy ! This is a great product that my dog enjoys .
 I was concerned that this squeaky toy would be too large for my 15 pound Shih Tzu . I am actually writing this review for her as she ca n't type , but she would like all Amazon readers to know that this is an excellent squeaky toy and that she just loves it . Sleeping on it is a definite sign that it is a good one as well as pulling it out first to play with when she goes to one of her three toy boxes that are around the house .
 I had used this years ago , I 'm talking like 10 years ago or more , and I thought it was superb back then too ! I have two dogs , I use this on them because they smell like dogs sometimes . This spray is really potent but in a good way . Its fruity , like cherry Kool-Aid , and the scent lasts a good while . Try it !
 My dog has ripped through nearly every toy he has usually within the first week . He 's now had this toy for almost a month & not a single scratch , indent , or flimsy seam . If this thing can withstand Aries chomping down and throwing his head from side to side sawing at it on an hourly basis , it can stand up to anything . Still looks like new except for the crusted spittle & he has n't disemboweled it yet . Very excited . Buying more . : -RRB- PS . the squeaker is higher pitched and there 's one in the middle of the dog & each leg/paw -LRB- about 5 total -RRB- so if your dog LOOOOVVVESS annoying you with squeakers , you might want to consider another one . But for the quality , its a great toy , so you might be better just stabbing & silencing the squeakers before giving it to him.UPDATE ** 8/2/08 - FINALLY after 5 months , managed to rip a small hole in the neck area however the seam is so tight it has n't expanded in the last week and he still has n't managed to remove even half of the stuffing -LRB- and not for any lack of trying either -RRB- . I 've got a few more of these in storage so its not a problem but nonetheless , this toy is quite the formidable foe for my furry fiend . kudos to the maker .
 UPDATE
 Will re-purchase if this one ever wears out!one , two , three , four , five , six , seven , eight , nine , ten and eleven .
 My dogs goal in life is to chew up and rip out every squeaker he can get his hands on . We bought the so called `` tough '' toys , not such luck . So we normal stick to 5.00 and under toys , as they are ruined in 2.2 seconds . Chevy has had `` Squirrly '' for 3 weeks and carries him around everywhere . He sleeps to him , he tosses him and he will mouth him . But he will not rip him apart . We have no idea why and if the makers of this toy know why please let us know . He protects this toy from our other dog . Best value and money we have ever spent on a toy . I might have to go get the rabbit and see if we get the same result .
 Bought this a week ago for my Papillon . She has sent many a stuffed toy to it 's grave rather quickly . So far she 's only been able to chew an ear off . She absolutely loves the damn thing though , I can hear it squeaking for mercy under the bed . The material is touch , I can tell it 's put together a bit better than the crap they sell at Wally World . It 's the actual size of a squirrel , so if your teaching your dog to chase them , this is the right bait .
 This is not my dog 's all-time favorite toy , but it does make his list of top five favorite toys.I bought it from Amazon about a year ago , and it is still holding up very well . The squirrel also made it through a short visit from a 110 pound Akita who has a reputation for shredding toys . The Akita was only here a few days , but the squirrel made it through in one piece.The tail did get torn open , and the squeaky plastic piece had to be retrieved before it was swallowed . The bottom feet have been chewed off.I got the large version . It 's about 9 inches from the base of the tail to the squirrel 's nose.Its a nice toy . I 'd buy it again .
 Excellent toy . My doggie loves it . This is her second one , the first one she miss placed . When this one is gone , will order another one , .
 My little terrier loves the small bunny ! He carries it all over the house ! He is only 11 pounds so even after two months the squeeker is still in tact . We love it !
 It really is the size of a squirrel . The only drawback is that my dog chews on the exposed feet and she 's already removed the squeeker . I needed to repair the squirrel after only one week.But my dog loves it .
 I got the rabbit for a puppy . Best thing ever . She never goes anywhere without it . And since its AKC registered the animals eyes cant be ripped out .
 My rottweiler loves it , she plays with it and tosses it around the living room every night squeaking it . The only thing i do n't like is it gets really slobbery and she keeps putting it on my lap when i watch TV ...
 Length :
 Length :
 I purchased this AKC rabbit to take along with me when I went to pick up my new puppy over a year ago -LRB- picture above -RRB- . This became her favorite toy , and she still enjoys playing with it at times -LRB- although `` bunny '' is a little worse for wear now -RRB- . Overall , I highly recommend the AKC line of toys since they are well made , reasonably priced , and seem to be enjoyed by dogs .
 This teddy bear is adorable and has been the center of attention for both of my dogs . We bought it for our puppy since she is teething , but both dogs play tug of war with this stuffed toy and so far , it has not shredded one bit . We have a pomeranian puppy -LRB- about 6 pounds -RRB- and a pekingnese beagle -LRB- about 20 pounds -RRB- . The older dog is an aggressive chewer and he did not break this yet -LRB- which was very surprising ! -RRB- . I even washed this in the machine and it still is in perfect shape . Next time , I will get this in a darker color because it looks dingy already and its brand new . I definitely recommend this for puppies and dogs alike .
 So cute and like all AKC toys very good quality . This and the bunny are the best and my -LRB- very spoilt -RRB- little hound carries them around contstantly .
 My little dachshund loves this rabbit ! She has n't figured out how to squeak it on her on yet but she seems to chew it to pieces but yet she has n't chewed any part of it off as of yet . The squeaker is nice though when you want to get her attention especially when she starts chewing on something she 's not supposed to chew on . It is very durable and very well-made . Definitely a high-quality dog toy . It 's the perfect size for small dogs or large puppies . I would recommend this for anyone with a dog who enjoys chewing on stuffed animals .
 I have bought 5 geese in the last year and a half or so , as it is my boxer mix Emma 's favorite toy . She loves the realistic honking noise it makes and will honk the much loved thing for hours . The squeaker is also wrapped in a mesh bag -LRB- as mentioned by other reviewers -RRB- so when she does eventually tear it apart she ca n't chew it into smaller pieces that can be swallowed and choked on . I have had geese that were torn up within hours , and geese that lasted for months . It seems that it 's just kind of luck with each individual toy . I continue to buy it because even after Emma has done heart surgery on the thing she continues to love it and wants to play , and snuggle with it . If you are looking for a decent quality toy for your dog , I would recommend this and all of the AKC animal toys.sidenote
 I 've found all AKC dog toys to be of excellent quality . They are last quite a long time and are not easily torn up . My dog is particularly fond of the fox , but all of the AKC toys we have purchased have been good . Even though we currently have two of theses foxes `` in play , '' I purchased another two for back-up as the AKC toys seem to have become more difficult to locate .
 I got this and the platypus egg baby in the same order . The mallard arrived first , about 3 weeks ago , and we still have it . It 's lost a little fur from the head , but it 's in overall great shape . The squeaker is still going strong and the stitches are secure , despite being through the washing machine twice already . The same puppy destroyed the egg baby toy in a matter of about 20 minutes and another toy from Petco met its demise in less than 10 minutes so he 's not gentle with the toys.Our mallard has been outside , indoors and I even felt secure enough to put it in his crate for an hour -LRB- while I was home - Just in case -RRB- . It 's been rained on , stomped on , chewed on , sat on , thrown around , ground into the mud and dirt , dropped in the bathtub -LRB- gee , thanks -RRB- and carried daily from the crate to the yard . I 'm definitely keeping this one on my list of wants .
 This is the only toy my dog likes . Whatever makes my dog happy makes me happy !
 I own a rescued Pitbull whose favorite past time is to tear holes in stuffed animals and then proceed to destroy them as quickly as possible . I have bought $ 20 toys that were touted as tough enough to withstand aggressive chewers but they are often destroyed within a few days or sometimes a few hours . I bought this item because I needed to spend $ 3 more to get free shipping and it was a great buy ! My dog carried that goose around for 3 weeks before it finally got a hole in it during tug of war . He would even carry it to bed with him and sleep with it ! Not everyone can be pleased a toy lasted 3 weeks but for a $ 3 toy , that 's a miracle in my house ! Plus , the ragged remains have been a favorite toy for the past month as well !
 My cat likes this toy . He has n't torn it apart yet . He still goes to his little cow and his baaa baaaa sheep first .
 Our pug/terrier puppy absolutely loves his bunny . He 's been chewing on it for a week straight and it 's held up fine . We appreciate this because several toys we bought at the nearby pet store had to be returned when he popped the squeakers in them .
 My chewer/shredder dog is always on a mission to chew his toys up and to remove the squeeky toy . Despite poor mr squirrel having his feet and paws chewed off , he is still miraculously very much intact otherwise and all squeekers working despite my dog 's rough play with it . Appears to be well made . My 1 year old Australian Shepherd loves it and carries it everywhere .
 Knowledge management is the discipline enabling the Knowledge Age.It is comprised of larger , strategic initiatives and small , `` quick wins '' . I 've dubbed the small quick wins , KM Squirrels . See Running of Squirrels by EDS on YouTube.These -LRB- dog -RRB- toys exactly met the need for every KM practitioner to have one - price and quality .
 I bought this for my puppy 's first birthday . She 's a little King Cavalier , and she 's gone through her fair share of toys in a heartbeat ; I 'm always weary of buying toys sight unseen , but I have never been disappointed with the AKC toys . She loves this little bunny and runs all over the house with it . She 's gone through other toys in seconds before , but this -LRB- and all the others -RRB- have lasted all she can throw at them ! Highly recommend - would definitely buy again .
 We have lots of squirrels in our yard which drive Annie nuts !! Now she can catch her own squirrel , she is so funny to watch as she attacks this toy ! She does not tear it up just shakes it !
 I bought this toy for my minature dachshund pup to indulge his hunting instincts - a big hit ! From day one it has had pride of place in his basket , and if he loses it under the sofa for a day he greets it the next day like a long-lost friend . Great , sturdy toy that he loves to fetch and chew . Even with his sharp little teeth and love of tearing things to shreds , this bunny has lasted for months already . Would recommend !
 I buy this product every year . One of my dog 's -LRB- rat terrier -RRB- favorite activities is chasing squirrels outside . Since she ca n't actually catch one , I got her this stuffed toy for Christmas . It 's her favorite ! She loves thrashing it around and takes it wherever we go . I love it because it 's more durable than a lot of other stuffed toys .
 I have two dogs . A teradox -LRB- half terrier and half dashund -RRB- and a lab mix . It is now three weeks past Christmas and this toy is still intact !! Usually 24 hours is the longest a toy will last in this household before it is killed -LRB- squeeker flattened and stuffing everywhere -RRB- This toy still has all its appendenges and is still being fought over . Its a great buy .
 Sort of odd to review an animal toy , but my dog will only play with the toys that look like animals/birds . She went crazy for this at Christmas , but it is on the small side for those of you with big dogs . Our dog is 15 pounds . Much easier to squeak than her ducks as well - she can even make this one squeak herself at times -LRB- ca n't do that with the ducks -RRB- .
 My dog , a 2 year old 12 pound westie , received the `` LARGE '' version for Christmas . While it 's a `` little '' big for her , she absolutely loves it . She runs around the entire house squeeking one end , and then the other end . I did not see that it had a double squeaker until she got a hold of it.She loves terrorizing the squirrels in the back yard but has never been able to catch one . Now she gets to terrorize this stuffed animal and practice , waiting for the real thing to make a mistake and fall into her jaws . She ignores ALL of her other toys now , and we play rough with this . Tug of war , throwing , dragging across the house and there is not one sign of a loose thread or a tear or anything with this toy.A + + My only hope is this toy teaches her to run faster in the back yard and finally catch one of those tree rats to make an example for the others as she tosses its furry corpse into the air , squeezing every inch of it looking for the refreshing `` SQUEAK SQUEAK '' sound .
 A local retailer sells the same thing and with Prime this was $ 3 cheaper and delivered right to my door . Makes a fun gift for a dog that when you say `` squirrel '' goes crazy . Construction seems solid , but time will only tell .
 This is my dogs favorite toy by far . Keep in mind that my dog does n't play with toys , or play at all . Actually she just uses this toy to tell us it 's time to go to bed.Its way cute .
 This goose is smaller than our coleman toys , but the squeaker is buried in the toy so it 's difficult for a smaller dog to squeak unless they have big mouths . It 's more for a medium size dog . I did not hear honking ! Anyhow , I liked the pheasant better for a small dog even though it 's not a plush . Quality could be better but prices are more than reasonable , so that all dogs can have toys .
 I purchased a BUNCH of AKC dog toys for my beloved pup , as she LOVES to play . There is simply no way my dog can squeak this toy , but she likes the round shape and the hedgehog back . I believe what I have here is a small version , but is still absolutely unsqueakable by my 13lb lhasa apso who plays like there is no tomorrow because of the size of her mouth . However , she does love balls , so I believe the hedgehog does give that attraction . It 's also plusher than some of the AKC toys , which I like . Good deal for the price . Great for medium size dogs .
 We have two adult labrador retrievers who absolutely enjoy toys like this one . The feet are generally the first to come off , but that 's only because the dogs chew at them . I suppose they are a distraction to the dogs overall pleasure of having this toy . If your dog is a chewer , this may not be the best choice . This toy does have a squeaker in it , so it is important to give it to your dog under supervision . If you leave it with your dog , I can guarantee the dog will work the squeaker out by chewing enough on the toy to rip it open . Nevertheless , a great toy for a dog who simply loves toys like these . Jakks Pacific sells these are rock bottom prices . You ca n't buy these AKC toys for as low as this seller does .
 I actually bought two of these chipmunks because the first one we had needed replacing from a year or so of use . Now we have one chipmunk -LRB- `` squirrel '' our dogs know them by -RRB- for each of our boys .
 Our Bichon Frise dog really likes this new toy.Pretty well made and realistic . Safe construction too.Good for smaller size dogs .
 My border collie loves stuffed animals but tends to destroy them quickly . This one seems very sturdy and she loves it .
 I meant to save this for my miniature pinscher for Christmas , but she saw me getting it out of the box and went for it ! It 's a little big for her -LRB- she 's only six pounds -RRB- but I would still recommend it for a little dog , she has a blast with this !
 My french bulldog pup absolutely loved this toy . It was the perfect size for her .
 I got my folks a miniature schnauzer a couple of years ago , and gave her this toy hedgehog -LRB- which was then bigger than she was ! -RRB- . It was her very first toy , and she quickly pulled out almost all the fur . After some time , I found another , and she glommed onto that one just as quickly . She 's got other toys she loves , but her hedgehogs are are absolute favorite go-to toy . I have n't been able to find one anywhere for a long time , so was thrilled to see one here !
 I have to take a double take all of the time . My Pomeranian leaves toys on the low windowsills and it is a bit off taking to see a chipmunk in the house . My Pom loves the tail for tug of war and she enjoys carrying it around the house ... ironic because real squirrels terrify her
 All of the AKC dog toys are wonderful , but this is another of my Pomeranian puppy 's favorites . It is easy for her to carry and easy for her to shake and play tug of war . It is easy to throw , so playing catch is a breeze . It is well made enough to withstand the scissor-like teeth repeatedly chewing and tugging on it . It is her favorite toy to sleep with when she is napping .
 These are tough toys . My older American Eskimo pup played with this Mallard for months . She and the new Eskie pup play tug-o-war with it . We 've had it a year and it 's still squeaking & in one piece . The small size is perfect for medium sized dogs . Very highly recommended .
 I purchased this toy for our 53 lb . Italian greyhound mix , whose mortal enemy is the backyard squirrel . It is very sturdy ! The squeaker in the squirrel body lasted for nearly a month of intense play . The tail squeaker lasted 2 more weeks prior to being pulled out , along with most of the stuffing . The squirrel ` pelt ' and the rope ring are still in intact and the toy is a favorite ! I would heartily recommend this for any dog who likes tug-of-war , chewing , or wrestling with stuffed toys .
 If your dog loves to tug and gets excited when you say `` squirrel '' then this is a great toy . My dog -LRB- 40lbs -RRB- loves to tug . We used to have a squirrel that looked more like a sock . That got old and stanky and it was time for a new one . This one looked interesting since it can FLY ! And it has handles -LRB- rope -RRB- to help with tugging grip . We gave it a try and love it ! Great quality for some excellent tug time . And the squeekers -LRB- two - one in tummy and one in tail -RRB- make for the added satisfaction of a squirrel in pain -LRB- poor squirrel -RRB- . Happy tugging !
 My Lab loves this toy , its her baby . We 've tried getting different kinds of squirrels but she wo n't play with them . We 've gone through many of these because she likes to play tug of war with them .
 I have 6 dogs and ordered this for my young female who `` murders '' all of her toys ASAP . This is a very well-made toy , very tough , but is most appealing to my dogs . I believe that this toy will hold-up well to my dogs destructive tendencies . This toy is attractive and a good price , I recommend it .
 My dog absolutely loves this squirrel , we got it at Christmas and although the poor thing no longer has feet or ears the rest of the toy is still intact !
 My german shepherd HATES squirrels . They are often her focus when she is outside . This has held up to all of the abuse she can dish out . Its her favorite toy and a good product .
 I 'm sure it would be a great toy except for one thing . It never came to my house . That 's all I really have to say .
 This hedgehog is the only toy that my 88 pound Carolina Dog has been unable to destroy within days . In fact , he has been unable to destroy it almost a year ! Additionally , that `` squeaker '' inside is possibly the best on the market , it is n't one of those shriekingly high-pitched numbers ... it is a low , `` chort '' which does n't really annoy , even when the dog is chewing it for 30 minutes . It is soft , durable , and worth every penny ... so if you have a dog that loves to destroy every toy you plop down money on ... you might want to give this one a shot ! I doubt you 'll be disappointed !
 My golden retriever tries so hard to catch the real squirrels , but that has yet to happen . She loves this toy cause it looks real from a distance !
 The minute this came my boy went crazy , and he has plenty of toys , he just loves the squeaky , I tell him squeak , squeak and he bites it to make the noise.This is his second AKC stuffed toy . I normally buy cheap stuffed toys at good will for .25 cents but the Mallard one I bought was for Christmas.The Mallard is beautiful and has nice coloring and stitched eyes , no buttons , the Mallard was big a tad over 10 '' but the little Fox is only 8 1/2 '' it is smaller but I have a small Pug and it is perfect for him . I am going to buy more over the months , I do n't want him to get used to having too many toys -LRB- he has a large basket full in the closet -RRB- but he seems to love this brand . I think the materials are really clean and fresh smelling.The new Fox has two squeakies , one in the tummy and one is the tail . The Fox is not as pretty as the picture but I do n't think my boy cares or even notices.This is a very nice toy for any small dog .
 I have a 10 pound 1 year old dog that is very active -LRB- and spoiled with many toys -RRB- . He has many things to play with but this Flying Squirrel is his favorite to by far . This is the second one I 've bought for him , the first was well loved so I felt the need to replace it . It 's durable and very easy to throw and play `` tug '' with him . The only think I noticed is the replacement one , about 10 months later was made a little different . The stuffing was less and the fur was a little different . I hope this one lasts as long , but he enjoys playing with the replacement just as much . This toy has two `` squeakers '' , one in the middle and the other in it 's tail .
 The Fox is a great toy . My yorkie loves it . I gave him his first one when he was about 5 months old . We called the Fox Mr Rats . Although our dog has several toys , it is always Mr Rats that he picks . I have had to replace it a couple of times over the last 3 years . He always loves the new one as much as the old ones but only the fox . It is just the right size and consistancy for a small dog and considering how vigorous his play , it is quite durable .
 So far it 's been 5 months of chewing , burying , clawing and tossing this rabbit ; But the little rabbit has held up just fine.Very well built toy for an active dog !
 My Jack Russell goes through toys in minutes . She had holes in this one pretty quickly but its still around in her toy bin . She loves going after birds ... she can get this one !
 This is one of my dog 's favorite toys . She is an average sized golden retri . and she loves these AKC toys . If I had to guess because they look like some sort of critter . Anyway with my dog these types of toys last about a month . How long these toys depends on how ` ruff ' your dog actually is . But for a soft toy like this I would say that it is well made . A little pricy for a dog toy ... but worth it to keep my dog happy and busy .
 My 5 year old rot does ok with toys . If I give her one she does not like she simply rips in two and spits out the pieces . This toy she has taken care of for over a month . She constantly brings it to me to toss and play tug-a-war with . It has held up great . If your dog destroys a toy especially a PLUSH toy that does not make the toy bad but it does make your dog destructive . If you have a dog that destroys things buy it KONG toys . Only bad thing is you dog will not like them , as they ca n't destroy them . Most of the time a dog like this is frustrated because it is trapped at your house and can not walk around the neighborhood and mark its territory . If you are not walking you dog daily all is smells is other dog 's scents and feels its territory is being violated . Most dogs if walked around the block once per day will change their behavior drastically for the better . You have to understand how important it is for a dog to march around its territory to feel proud and respected . Try and see the difference .
 Life-like dog toy . My Lab and Golden carry it around and it has only had one `` surgical-sew-up '' procedure since it arrived . It has been machine washed many times and has not fallen apart . The squeaker no longer works all the time - it got worn out . Caution - would not leave any squeaker toy like this with my pets if they were unsupervised as it could be torn out and swallowed .
 I bought the Fox for my 9 lb mini schnauzer puppy . It is so cute . It 's like a miniature baby fox and my puppy loves it . It 's made so well and so nice , it looks better in person than the picture . I would like one for myself . I think a big dog would eat it .
 My little dog loves her squirrel . Plays with it all the time . Chews away to make it squeak . It is her favorite toy.Great buy , good price .
 While the product is great , I ordered small and received large . I know it was more-for-the-money but it 's too big for my dog so I had to get another in the small size at a local store . It was too much trouble to repackage and make an exchange for the correct size through mail . An alternative would have been to alert the customer - me - that small was out of stock and ask if I 'd like a larger replacement .
 My boxer-pointer mix loves this squirrel . Somehow we have kept him from destroying it though the tail is easily and quickly `` de-furred '' . I kept finding tufts of squirrel tail all over the house . Once we got that under control , toy has held up nicely .
 I have a japanese chin who is about 5 years old . this is his third one of these . He loves his hedgehog . it is his favorite toy in his toy box . very durable .
 We have squirrels in the trees around our back yard which the dogs love to chase , so this toy was a natural . One dog will carry it around endlessly to tease the other . Unfortunatly the other ones idea of fun is to pull apart the toy . Started with three and now down to one .
 I bought this for our highly energetic Australian Shepperd . She took to the toy almost immediately and now knows it by name -LRB- `` go get the squirrel '' -RRB- . The toy is well constructed and it took her a whole month before she got the squirrel guts all over the living room . It was not diffiult to clean up and the toy is just as good with out stuffing . There are 2 squeekers - one in the body and one in the tail . I thought the squeeking would be irritating , but it seems to stimulate her and its actually funny . I would buy another one or one of the other animals they make .
 It is a little smaller than expected but nonetheless , our dog loves this toy . This one is to replace the old one she had .
 Lulu 's favorite activity is chasing squirrels in the yard . A close second is chewing on and carrying around her stuffed squirrel . Lulu destroys all stuffed animals , some faster than others . She savors her favorites . Squirrel the 8th , Esquire , is just such a prized possession . This squirrel is down to a mangy , earless , pawless , sour-smelling , dog-spitty , matted-tailed carcass -- similar to the condition a real squirrel would be in if Lulu got a hold of it . In other words , it 's perfect.Eventually , we 'll buy Squirrel the 9th , Esq. , and try to pull a fast one . Lulu will notice , of course , and after giving us a reproachful look for taking the old squirrel , she 'll prance around proudly with the new incarnation , before gingerly nibbling off an ear . She 'll show great restraint , for a few days , and then she 'll shred the paws . In addition , all squirrels must be gutted and de-squeakered , as stated in Ordinance 564 , section 2a . An honorable canine , Lulu will dutiful obey.This toy is no sturdier or weaker than most others , but it 's an enduring favorite .
 If your neighborhood squirrels are like mine , the kind who crawl up into cars to snack on wires and rubber , the kind who thwart all baffles to eat the seed in your bird feeders , then you might want to use this toy for a little retribution . Poetic justice would be to stick it on a tree branch and pelt it with acorns . Our dogs , however , wo n't allow such play . The squirrel is theirs to chew on , pounce on , and fetch.Piper , the shih tzu squirrel chaser , particularly likes this toy . She took to it immediately and carried it around the house proudly like a prize . The toy is safe for Piper and her puppy sister because it has no buttons or hard plastic pieces for nose or eyes . With a fluffy , soft tail this squirrel dog toy does a good job masquerading as a real squirrel and the internal squeaker adds to the fun.I 'm not sure how long-lived these pseudo squirrels may be . Probably depends on the number of chews endured and the number of washings necessitated by accumulated slobber . With each washing the squirrel is a little less fluffy and a little more matted . No matter . The girls enjoy their little squirrel toy . Its modest cost is well worth seeing such canine joy .
 I purchased this for my 30 lb beagle/dalmatian mix as a bit of a joke ; our house has had a flying squirrel infestation before . It is a HEAVY toy for a plush . The rope is much thicker and stronger than the usual rope toy , and the seams are all stitched with heavy duty thread . The toy contains two squeakers - one in the torso and one on the tail in the outer ring . My dog loves to play catch with the squirrel , and I find with the rope its very easy to grab onto as she is n't always the best about bringing things right back to you . She likes to play tug a war with this toy as well . I 'm also happy to report that we had some soiling incidents where she urinated in her cage and got the toy dirty , but I 've machine washed it twice and it still looks brand new . She has enjoyed this toy for over a month now and it shows no signs of wear , despite many hours of squeaking and tugging . I would recommend this toy to anyone with a dog that favors plush or rope toys . A strong chewer will still be able to rip it apart I 'm sure -LRB- try the firehose toys if this is the case for your pup -RRB- , but this is definitely a lot stronger than your average plush squeaker toy .
 This ended up being a very good purchase because it seems to be the size and shape that is ideal for my dog , a Border Collie that weighs about 50 pounds . He has often torn up and destroyed other similar toys , but so far this toy has lasted for over month and shows virtually no sign of damage , a testament to the quality of construction . The squeeker even works after a month ! Very good purchase .
 My german shepherd/hound mix LOVES this toy . And it is very durable . She can rip into a toy in no time , usually the squeeker is the easy target for her , but after 1 month , both squeekers still work , and the toy is still great . AKC makes the most durable toys that I have found , and this one is especially cute !
 Abby , my shiz , absolutely loves this squirrel . She will not let Jessie , her brother , have it.They have dozens of other toys -LSB- spoiled -RSB- but this one is sleptwith , has gone for rides , been bathed with ??? , and generally been with her 24-7 . still is squeaking and is in one piece . worth every penny paid x 10 .
 My little monster -LRB- a golden retriever -RRB- absolutely goes crazy for this toy . He usually carries it everywhere with him , and if he happens to be outside without it and someone comes over , he has to run in to get it to show it to them . He 's also a toy-shredder as some of the other dogs here , but in my experience this toy holds up very well to his manic episodes . The only problem I really have is trying to keep it clean , since he loves to repeatedly bury and dig it up . I buy him a new one every 5 or 6 months as a treat and it 's probably the happiest time of the year for him . He has a small stash of them now that he keeps behind his bed.Great product , especially for the price . A minor annoyance is that he 's decided the squeaking is a fun way for him to get me out of bed to play with him .
 I have a young Siberian Huskey who LOVES to chew . He has ripped holes is many of this stuffed animals , except he has yet to do so with any of his Jakks plush animals . He has several of their animals and loves them all , expecially the possum . They are well made and I recommend them highly over any other plush for dogs .
 I purchased this because my lab loves to attempt to catch squirrels ... He is rough with it and it looks the same after 2 months as the day it came .
 This toy seems to play well and due to the fuziness of it and lack of internal stuffing , a lot of chew happens without a lot of the material being torn into or ruined . Light weight , fairly small , I 'd recommend for a 25 pound or less dog .
 I was n't sure if my dog would like this at first . She loves squirrels , but it is n't real . She fell in love as soon as she saw it . Years later it still looks great after tons of wear , and lots of squeaking !
 but my Pomeranian enjoys playing with it and chewing on it . It is very soft ... she likes to sleep curled around it .
 I bought this for my cocker who loves to chase rabbits . He likes it , but it is the other cocker who loves it . Neither is a puppy . Have had for a good two weeks now and squeeker still intact ! It is small enough to carry in his mouth , yet not as easy to tear apart .
 For my ferocious terrier who loves to tear her toys and devour the throbbing heart which is their squeakers , the akc squirrel and sheep are longest lived . I hope Amazon will continue to carry these two .
 As soon as this came in the mail our Dog started playing with it & wouldnt stop ! It was a bit larger than his mini one , but he loves it just the same . It 's squeeking is a sure sign he is having lots of fun ! Thanks so much !
 This toy has withstood many chewings from my dog . She does n't play with it every day , but it appears better made than a lot of `` stuff '' you buy at the pet stores .
 I purchased the chipmunk for my Westie puppy 2 1/2 months ago , and it has been her favorite toy . She loves to have someone throw it so that she can retrieve it and chew on it . So far it has held up well . I 've had to throw it into the washing machine a few times , and it still squeaks . I 'm planning to purchase another one of these toys for her .
 My dogs are 1 year old ; one is a 40 lb Border Collie mix and the other is a 60 lb Staffordshire Terrier/Lab mix . They are about equal in their chewing skills.I bought the squirrel and the hedgehog and I really wanted to like these toys , especially after all the good reviews about how tough they were . Alas , they did n't last an hour.I think these toys really are tougher than most other stuffed toys , but my dogs went nuts for them more than they do for most stuffed toys as well . The squirrel lasted longer than the hedgehog , but the squirrel had a hole within an hour and the squeaker was out the next day.I 'll give this toy 4 stars although it did n't last just because my dogs loved them and played with the inside out exoskeletons for a few weeks afterwards . I may purchase again if they go on sale , just without high expectations .
 Almost a week has gone by and the toy is intact ! I usually by dollar store toys because he destroys then within 2 hours , this one does n't even have a hole in it and he LOVES it ! I am greeted at the door with it and he 's never more than a few feet from it . Next I 'm getting the fox when it gets in stock !
 This is by far our chow 's favorite toy . She has gone through 12-15 of them in the last several years . The tail is great , but I wish it were more durable . The squeakers -LRB- 2 -RRB- have worked in all but one of them . I wish they made a stuffing-less option for this one ...
 I agree with a previous reviewer that this toy is best for a medium-sized dog . The goose is a little plump so it 's harder for a smaller dog to squeak it . I have a medium-sized dog and his specialty is ripping the squeaker and stuffing out of toys . I continue to purchase the AKC toys because they are more realistic looking -LRB- rather than crazy , brightly colored toys -RRB- . If you 're dog is a `` killer '' these AKC toys are very easy to tear apart , but luckily they 're cute and fairly cheap so I do n't mind . If your dog is the opposite and never tears squeakers out then this toy is even better .
 My dogs stood up on their feet for 2 minutes straight while I was taking the backing off both the SMALL and LARGE sizes of these squirrels that I got them . They loved them at first sight . They continued to love them . However , there is some of the tail hair coming off and I find wet blobs of tail hair near the dogs and toys . So I am a bit concerned about that and the thought that they could swallow some of that material and it could be bad for the dogs . So I watch them more carefully as they play with the toy . I am considering washing them in the washing machine a few times just to get all the lose hair off and hope for the best that I do not totally ruin it . Very inexpensive online .
 My new little Chihuahua is a bundle of energy and he has managed to destroy one toy already . But not this one ! This one is so well made , and I 'm thrilled I choose this one because it helps my little angel get to sleep at night . I also bought the squirrel and he just loves it too ! Of Course , my little Willow is not much bigger than either of these stuffed toys , but that does n't stop him from carrying them around like they are nothing . The workmanship on these toys are of such great quality and durability , it 's unbelievable ! Even thought they are really great for puppies , they are also great for older dogs too !!!
 Came as promised . So far has survived my beagle chewing it . It is small , just like her and has become a favorite of hers . Came as promised and great price .
 well made , strong , very good quality - for our dog that is very strong . she loves to tug at this and it shows no sign of wear . highly recommend .
 My Bichon had one of these for a long time . chewed out the squeaker and stuffing and still loved it . She would pace with it in her mouth for 15 minutes or more every nite before bringing it to bed . My 15 month old grandson came by one weekend and took it home with him , whether by design or accident we do n't know . My poor girl was lost w/o it . Searching for a replacement/surrogate I saw it on Amazon . As soon as it arrived she perked up , and is back to her ritual pacing at bedtime . All is good .
 I bought this for my daughter 's boston/corgi mix . She loves it and it is durable . My daughter has sent me pictures of her asleep with the hedgehog in her mouth .
 I 'm a big fan of the AKC toys because they are affordable and realistic . My dog especially enjoys the movement of the wings when we are playing and is able to squeak this toy , which is a big plus . She is a 13 lb Lhasa Apso who wakes up and falls asleep playing , silly silly girl , and has a small mouth . It takes her some work to get some toys to squeak , and we and SHE are very proud when she finally manages to do this ... . This being said , I would say this dog toy gets 5 stars . She did not go crazy over it , but I have been buying her a lot of toys lately and she did enjoy it . I 'll update my review as time passes but overall I 'm very pleased with this purchase and think it 's one of the better AKC animals to buy if you are shopping around . Oh and they all SQUEAK , there is no animal like sound ... But you know , my dog does n't seem to care , she likes squeaking !
 We discovered that our eight year old Lab , a rescue dog , loves squeaky toys and does n't destroy them . He likes the AKC Duck best but this CANADA -LRB- not Canadian , please ! -RRB- Goose is also a winner . For some reason the rabbit , which has been panned by other reviewers , did not squeak after the first day . Instead it feels like there is a plastic bag in its belly that crinkles.If your dog likes to tear toys apart , these are too easily destroyed . Try the Kyjen Hard Boiled Softies Dog Toys instead . The Hedgehog we have is loud and tough . The rubber shell makes it fun to throw as it is heavy and bouncy .
 I 've found my pup has quickly ascertained that none of her toys that look like animals are real and hence , she is not very interested , only casually and then she favors other more plush , easy to squeak or make noise toys . I placed the toy outside and brought her and she looked at it and just sat down and smelled the air ! I have the large and small squirrels -LRB- mistakenly thinking the would be a sure fire HIT ! -RRB- Sigh ! , but the he quality of the squeakers on the small toy are n't so hot , the squeaker in the body is very hard to get at and it 's great there is one in the tail but it is like having about of stiff acrylic fabric in your mouth . It 's a great price , but I have to say this is not my favorite AKC toy for my 13 lb dog , the pheasant is . It is not very plush or soft either . I 'm a Coleman dog toy fan but they just do n't make toys for small dogs ! But the quality really makes a difference to to my dog and I can make them squeak easily but bouncing them on the floor - not so with AKC . And for all that are having a blast with this toy , yay ! I 'll update my review happily my dog changes her mind . I 've exposed her to Dogtronics toys -LRB- can not wait for their new line -RRB- that appeal to the hunting insinct however and other interactive toys , so maybe her expectations a bit higher . It 's nice AKC are making smaller toys , because small dogs also have hunting instincts .
 I like this toy almost as much as the AKC Mallard . This little guy is really sturdy ; my labs love to compete for this toys and it often ends up being the object of a tug-o-war contest . It 's surprisingly life like too . It 's a favorite around our house ; I will purchase this one again when the time comes .
 I ca n't say enough good things about this AKC Hedgehog toy . As I type this my 70lb lab-border collie mix is sitting in the midst of a pile of stuffed dog toys in all stages of dismemberment . The AKC hedgehog is the only one that is still whole . While most of my dog 's stuffed squeaker toys last a maximum of one month , this one has already lasted for five months and counting . Not only is the whole toy still intact -LRB- no rips , tears , missing limbs , etc. -RRB- , but the squeaker still works just fine . Better yet , the `` squeaker '' is really a `` grunter '' -LRB- that 's what the package says -RRB- , and produces a mellow , low-pitched noise that is much more pleasant than that of normal squeaky toys , making this not only my dog 's favorite toy , but mine as well .
 All I have to say to my pup is `` get Hedgie '' and he goes and gets it . The Hedgehog is played with many times during the day and with puppy teeth it is holding up extremely well . Great toy .
 This is the only stuffed toy my dog wo n't rip to shreds . He sleeps with it every night ... I have a stock pile of them for when the one he has gets worn .
 My dogs loved this . However it was n't long till they tore it enough to have the insides come out as they ripped the seems .
 Our toy poodle really loves this toy , which I thought at first might be a bit too big for him . I could n't have been more wrong . He instigates great games of fetch by bringing the duck to us ; he &#34; kills &#34; it over and over , he shakes it , he chews it , I wash it in the machine when needed , and the duck is still like new . For play value and quality , I recommend it . Of course , the dog gets the final word .
 My 1 year old Golden Retriever loves this toy . He has removed the arms from the ring but has not been able to destroy it . I actually bought two of these .
 I love this Squirrel toy it has a squeek in the tail and a squeek in the stomach . very realistic and sturdy toy . I hate large breed Mixed Terriers and they didnt destroy this to easily , the toy is stuffed so once broken stuffing will exit , I highly recommend this toy !
 I bought this toy in the pet store for my dog as his first puppy toy . He loves this bear so much . But he slobbers on it and it gets so gross . You can wash it a few times to save it , but then it gets to the point where washing wo n't help so i just buy more . But the pet stores stopped carrying them , so now i have to order them offline . they are getting quite expensive . Oh , what pet owners do for their dogs !
 Has held up well over the last six months . My German Shepherd loves this toy . I would buy another one when he finally kills this one off .
 Our dog loved this goose . It has a squeaker in it , but this one actually makes a goose call . Bella loved it soo much that she did end up ripping it apart . But it took her a few days . And who can blame large dogs for tearing these things to shreds . They are meant to look like the animals they naturally hunt . She loved it and she even loved it once all the stuffing was out of it . I 'm getting another one today .
 This is a real to life chipmunk toy . The quality is really nice and the price is reasonable . The eyes look like they are hand sewn in which is a nice touch . My dog loves this toy and I look forward to purchasing some of the other animals they offer .
 Excellent product . This is not an ordinary stuffed animal . Holds up really well in comparison . My dog loves these dolls .
 My 85-pound German Shepherd loves stuffed toys , but the poor girl does n't know her own strength and usually destroys them within minutes . I bought this toy the day I brought her home , almost nine months ago . It is literally the only toy that has remained intact -LRB- even including Nylabones and Kongs ! -RRB- for this entire 9-month period ! Incredibly well-made ! She adores this squirrel and often sleeps with it . Wonderful purchase !
 I have a dog who considers it her personal mission to destroy any dog toy she encounters -LRB- Black Lab/German Shepherd -RRB- . This toy has been ideal for her for two reasons :1 -RRB- It is shaped like the woodland creature she would most like to catch , yet never can .2 -RRB- As far as plush toys go , this is the most durable toy I have ever come across . No plush toy will be indestructible due to the inherent nature of being made of stitched fabric . This toy has durable fabric , and the stitching is quite strong.I can also attest to its durability because one evening my husband was looking for something to shoot out of his cannon and chose this dog toy . I can attest to the fact that it came out of the ordeal with no more than a singed tail.Even if your dog is destructive and manages to tear this thing apart -LRB- mine has only managed to make it look mangy -RRB- , I think you will get your money 's worth out of it . I will keep buying them as long as they keep selling them .
 This is our third Squirrel plush toy in the last two years . The several daily thrashings it receives are a testament to its popularity and endurance . I does suffer an occasional loss of limb and stuffing but the excellent fabric holds a stitch well and and the dogs do n't mind how it looks afterwards.I would give it five stars but the squeaker in the torso is sub par .
 My dog is very choosy about her `` babies '' , and she really loves this one . She takes it outside with her every time she goes out to use the bathroom . She loves to chase squirrels , rabbits , etc. so she really likes this toy because it looks so real .
 The first hedgehog I bought for Quigley outlived all his other plush toys . No other toy has shown the durability of this hedgehog . I 'm so glad to have found a place to get a new one .
 Skinneeez are my dog 's favorite toys . He loves chewing on regular stuffed dog toys until he makes a hole , and then starts pulling out all the stuffing , which we find all over the house . The Skinneeez are not stuffed , so he ca n't do that , but still loves playing tug with them , and they are really tough .
 My beagle loves this squirrel . There is a sqweaker in the tail and body . She frequently cuddles it to sleep . It 's holding up pretty well for a stuffed animal .
 They had these at the Pet Food Express next door to the Valero where I work . I 've been having a problem with my dog catching live squirrels and chewing them up in the yard . Personally , I do n't care ; why not let dogs be dogs ? It 's my landlord that has a problem with it and the lady who rents upstairs that complained . Anyway , Rufus was leaving squirrel guts everywhere and flies were coming -- the big ones that shine green . I bought him one of these toys to play with and he had it torn up by the next night . Rufus is good at shredding things -- he does all my old bank statements . I thought the stuffed squirrel would n't last two hours , but we went a whole day without one dead squirrel on our yard . -LRB- I cleaned up all the old guts the day before . I do n't know why the squirrels keep coming back to our yard anyway ; they know Rufus lives there . -RRB- Now I 'm buying the toys from Amazon and stock piling them . -LRB- It 's cheaper and there 's the free shipping since we order enough . -RRB- Rufus still leaves the `` guts '' in the yard . It looks like it snowed out there . Nothing bad about that though . Reminds me of growing up back east . The toys last longer than the real squirrels with Rufus . He wo n't eat the fabric hide so he continues to chew and chew until it 's all holes . It may look like he 's done with the toy , but the fabric part will last him several more days . He always works slow on those . Every once in a while he goes after live squirrels , but I think he 's gotten lazy now that he plays with the toys all the time . We go through about one stuffed squirrel a week and a bonus
 This was a great toy for a dog . My dog enjoyed it so much and it lasted a long time in my dogs standards . It is worth the buy if looking for a good dog toy .
 THIS IS AN EXCELLENT QUALITY ITEM , AND MY SQUEAKER STILL WORKS ... AND THE NOSE , EARS , AND MOUTH ARE STILL ATTACHED . I RECCOMMEND AND I WOULD BUY AGAIN .
 I am very impressed with the durability of this toy rabbit . My dog has been unable to chew off the ears , tail , or even a hole in the toy . Excellent craftsmanship and design . My only complaint is that the squeaker did n't last long . But , I would buy this product again .
 The dog loves it ! He can rarely be found where his `` new friend '' is not close by . Great product !
 This is AWESOME toy for my HUGE puppy . It 's the only one he has n't torn apart . Finally , something to catch and play with , since all those pesky squirrels torment him outside .
 A great toy for my dog , precisely because it DOES N'T squeak . It makes a honking noise -LRB- presumeably because it 's a goose -RRB- which still gets my dog excited , but does n't annoy me . Moderately durable . A dog that destroys other toys will do the same to this one .
 My black lab hunts squirrels in my back yard everyday . It has become an obsession of hers . I got her this stuffed version and it quickly became her favorite toy . Yes , she did end up pulling all of the stuffing out of it , but who can blame her . She 's just doing her job . Plus she did n't mind playing with the `` dead '' squirrel for a few months . It 's time for a new stuffed animal . This time I 'm getting the goose . But I 'll be back for the squirrel again in a couple of months .
 One of my dogs loves plush toys to the point she tears them apart as if they were real prey . This squirrel grabs her attention , but it 's protected by the rope , which she enjoys mouthing and chewing . This toy also makes a excellent object for playing fetch and tug-of-war with her sister . So it seems to hold up pretty well to `` interactive play '' so far . One thing , though
 This toy is nice and sturdy because of the rope . I usually do n't buy plush toys for my lab , no matter how well made they are , they do not last . This one is much better and you can toss it . Nice . I do recommend this even for the dogs that are rough with toys .
 Toy held up very well for my power chewer . It 's fun to play with and was very satisfied with quality of the product . Would definately recomend this toy . MB
 My german shorthaired pointer/chocolate lab loves this goose.He can make the goose honk for an hour and never get tired of it.Correction ... That is until he tore it apart and took out all the stuffing and the honker . Fortunately , the interior of this goose was easy to empty out once he tore it open and the `` honker '' is wrapped up so that it is not a danger to the dog . I removed the rest of the stuffing and he still loves to throw it around.Having said that , have your dog play with this or any other plush toy while supervised because eventually your dog will tear it up.On Amazon the goose costs less than I paid for it at a retailer , so I have gone ahead and ordered my guy another goose , a duck and a rabbit.Will he tear them up too?Count on it , but until he does he can make the goose honk , the duck quack and the rabbit squeak to his hearts content.Ahhh ... if only life were always that simple.Honk . honk .
 My little pug loves this toy and it has held up longer than most of them .
 This is a great toy for small dogs . It has two noise makers , one in the tail and one in the belly . My puppy has trouble getting other squeaky toys to squeak , but this one she was able to squeak from day 1 . I bought her a back up toy , so she will have her favorite toy for a while to come ! ! !
 Mrs. Spudman has been buying toys for our new puppy at such a rate that she may single-handedly boost the economy . One of her recent purchases is this AKC pheasant dog toy with squeaker . It 's a very nice plush toy with sturdy stitching and materials , much better , we think , than the hollow , plastic toys one can buy.This toy is actually aesthetically pleasing to the human eye with its nice color scheme . Our Bolognese pup will pull this toy out occasionally for some rough play . I also like that the toy is large enough for some tug of war . Sometimes Gabby and I each grab a wing or better still Piper her shih tzu sister will grab a wing and the game is on.No need to worry about your dog swallowing plastic pieces with this toy because the natural looking eyes are stitched on.Only gripe is minor , and that is the generic sounding squaker . Too bad it does n't make a sound more like a bird would make.Final verdict is two paws up .
 My dog LOVES the AKC plushies . Especially the squeaky insides , lol . They are cute and the best made dog toys out there . I especially love them because they are double stitched , making them a lot harder to just tear up , and last a LOT longer than average . While I balked at the price at first , it really is cheaper overall considering the toys I was buying lasted maybe a day or two at most but he gets a good month out of the AKC line ; and he is quite the chewer . The fox is very cute , too !
 This squirrel instantly became our Miniature Schnauzer 's favorite toy and he has lots of toys ! He plays with it alone and we play with him and the squirrel . We are all pretty rough on it at times ! So far , -LRB- after several months -RRB- we see no damage to the squirrel ! It may have have lost some hair , but no body parts , pretty amazing .
 This small fox has two noise makers , one in the tail and one in the belly . It is easy for small breeds to squeak -LRB- especially the tail squeaky -RRB- . It is amazingly well made , the tail has lasted through hundreds of games of tug of war . The fox is fairly small and would n't work for larger breeds ... but for my Pomeranian it is `` just right '' . The squeak is n't annoying either
 Our dog loves these squirrels . She plays with them endlessly . It 's the favorite of the many toys she has . And it has stood up much better than most of the other toys . Of course , every toy will get chewed up eventually , but this one has proven to be both popular and tough .
 My brussels griffon puppy -LRB- less than 2 years old -RRB- absolutely loves these things to death . These are far and away his favorite toys . When he 's awake , he destroys them . When he 's asleep , he cuddles with them . When we throw them , he exerts extra energy to retrieve them .
 My teething puppy has chewed on and tried pulling apart this squirrel every day for 4 weeks now . He 's still intact , and not a hair or fuzz has come off of him . Very well made ! Plus , the squeaker in it gives both my puppy and husband hours of fun -LRB- groan -RRB- .
 I adopted a six year old rescue Labrador Retriever and bought this on a whim . Well , I guess this dog had never had a toy before . He loves it ! he prances around all day with this toy in his mouth . I am amazed at how much this older dog loves this toy .
 This toy is great compared to others we have purchased . It is still around after a month ! Most of the previous toys bearly lasted a week and had to be re-stitched or thrown out but this one is holding up nicely . Dogs love the squeaker inside and I have washed it in the machine already . Will buy this brand again .
 I bought this for my shepherd-rottweiler mix who is driven bonkers by our neighborhood squirrels on a daily basis . i thought it would let her take out some of her rage from the pesky critters . i think it has held up extremely well considering she usually tears apart a toy until the stuffing and squeaker is out . She hasnt even tried to mutilate this one . It still squeaks and hasnt ripped or torn and we 've had it since Christmas . Every now and then she carries it around the house and likes you to throw it for her so she can retrieve it . I also boughtKyjen PP01056 Hide-A-Squirrel Pet Toy , Largewhich both of my dogs like .
 I love it ! The perfect size ! The squeaker inside is not annoying at all . It really takes a lot for my Lasa Apso to make him squeak . He loves it too . Great pruchase ! Highly recommend this toy . I 'm thinking about making another AKC purchase .
 Our dog loves this toy . It is very well made and is holding up well even after her chewing on it a lot . The only part that is coming apart is the little feet . But other than that , this is a great toy , and even the thing inside that makes the noise is still good after 2 months . Other toys we 've purchased with squeakers in them have broken in about a week , so I 'm impressed that this has lasted this long .
 We have an 8 month old Brittany , and the AKC Squirrel was the first toy he had of his own . We bought it for him on the way home when we got him at 8 weeks old.He . Loves . This . Thing.Well , actually , he currently loves Squirrel 6.0 . We finally had to assign a `` crate use only '' status to Squirrel , as our power-puppy-chewer can wear this guy out . I will say , they do last a good bit longer than many of the other plush dog toys we 've gotten . The squeaker seems to be buried deeply enough not to be removed too easily , but you should keep an eye on his little tummy on a regular basis to make sure .
 These AKC toys are made extra well and last longer than any other plush toys I have tried . The large is not to large for my 20 pound dog . Our 100 pound dog likes them also . They are on my top 5 List of Great Buys for dogs who love to chew .
 Hedgehog has been my dog 's favorite toy since the day I brought it home . Whether we fetch or he just plays with it himself ... plenty of quality play time !
 The AKC toys are great and resilient . I have a brand new teething puppy and he can not get enough of these toys . I bought different AKC animals and he selects which ones he 'd like to play with out of a bin I keep in the living room . Great purchase !
 The AKC toys are great and resilient . I have a brand new teething puppy and he can not get enough of these toys . I bought different AKC animals and he selects which ones he 'd like to play with out of a bin I keep in the living room . Great purchase !
 The AKC toys are great and resilient . I have a brand new teething puppy and he can not get enough of these toys . I bought different AKC animals and he selects which ones he 'd like to play with out of a bin I keep in the living room . Great purchase !
 My golden retriever usually disembowels a new squeaky toy in like five minutes flat . Not this one . It 's lasted -LRB- OK , most of it has lasted -RRB- for several weeks now . She loves soft toys , and I love the durability of this one . PS It 's very realistic looking .
 I have a dog that loves chipmunks so I guess that 's why this is his favorite toy . He is 35-40 pounds and is able to carry it around in his mouth . Squeeze it and he will run after it . This is the second one I 've bought for him . He tore off the eye within the first day on this one but it 's still safe for him . It took him a couple weeks to tear off the first chipmunk 's eye by AKA . Otherwise it is durable considering he is a chewer . My dog loves the toys that make noise and also flashing balls .
 The seller was very quick with shipping my item to me . My doggie loves the little frog . The squeaker is a little hard to find , so if your dog HAS to have a squeaky toy , this might not be the one . It 's in there , but near impossible to get to squeak . Overall , it 's a good product and is very durable so far .
 I have a dog with chronic eye problems and use a lot of eyewash . This is a big bottle and I got it when I needed another item for Super Saver Shipping . It works well . I just need to enlarge the dropper tip hole .
 Purchased this solution to clean the gunk that accumulates on my old dog 's eyes . When he was a pup , he had cherry eye and to treat it they removes his third eyelids . He now does not produce tears and his eyes get full of gunk . This solution helps clean his eyes in the morning . The rest of the day I use moisturizing drops . This seems to do an adequate job
 The collar was the size I expected . It 's somewhat difficult to adjust it , but it 's OK . I had purchased another collar from a different company which was soft , easier to adjust but folded up on my dog 's neck . This collar is stiffer and , thus , holds its shape well . I 've noticed that many collars are difficult to unsnap -- this collar is very easy to unsnap -LRB- I can do it with one hand -RRB- but it stays closed through vigorous yanks and tugs.This collar is more attractive than most I 've seen and is made in the USA .
 Love this collar ... , it has served many good years for my 60 # Pit Bull . However , recently the buckle closure has broken , that 's the reason for 4 instead of 5 star rating . I walk the dog 3X each day and the collar is removed after each walk , so that 's a lot of wear & tear . The quick release buckle is much easier and convenient to use than the former `` buckle & pin '' style , just not as durable . Overall quality , workmanship , and finish is outstanding .
 Sturdy enough to last 5 years on my nose to the ground , tearing through brush , swimming , etc. . Bloodhound .
 My mini Dachshund loves these ! Like the other positive reviewer said ... these are our dog 's favorite toy . Sometimes one will last her for weeks . She will squeak it non-stop , groom it , carry it around with her . And then when we 're not watching her , she goes in for the kill . She loves her ducks and they are worth every penny !!! Like the other reviewer , I would agree that they are not appropriate for large dogs ... but who would assume that a $ 2 toy was `` large '' ? I think they over-reacted a little and I am sure they could have gotten a return or a refund if they contacted this seller . These are perfect for a miniature or small dog -LRB- Chihuahua , mini-Dachshund , Italian Greyhound , any small dog that loves duck toys -RRB- , not good for a medium or large dog unless . Buy with confidence !
 Our mini-Dachshund loves these , they are her favorite toy and last a reasonable length of time . However , they are not good for larger dogs or aggressive chewers .
 I have a 9 year old lab mix , and she is over weight and simply not active . She would breath really heavily even when she was just laying around ! I assumed that her not being very active had to do with age , but my vet reccomeded a diet -LRB- and i agreed -RRB- . I looked around at some foods and decided to try avoderm weight control dry kibble . My dog would n't eat it at first , so i tried to mix it in with a higher protein kibble -LRB- Premium Edge -RRB- , but she still would n't eat it . I topped it with a little bit of avoderm chicken and rice canned to the mix -LRB- 1/4 can to 3 cups of dry kibble -RRB- , and she DEVOURED IT ! After a month of this diet , my dog lost about 3 pounds , her eyes looked bright and she even started romping around again ! I 'm SO GLAD I switched to AvoDerm foods !! And so is my Reba !
 Excellent food . My dog Gizzmo loves it and I find her coat has gotten so shiny since she started eating it . It seems to be a doing a good job of controlling her weight too .
 This is one of the lowest fat dogfood I can find . My Weimie is pancreatitis prone , so I must keep him on a very low fat diet . He loves it , and I love the high quality ingredients .
 we buy it for our &#34; Daisy &#34; dog and it was recommended by our vet - it is a good food and her weight is under control as long as she gets a decent amount of exercise .
 This is the best product for the best price esp without shipping . Strictly uses products made in USA so it is safe for my pup . Will buy again !!
 My dogs only eat this brand of dogfood . One of them is 10 , one is 6 . JR Terrier and Rat Terrier . Normally we make the trek to Vitamin Cottage and hope they have it in stock the day we go . Then we pay the earth for it and lug it home . It was a treat to get this big bag of dogfood via UPS ... free Prime shipping ... and about $ 5 cheaper than we would have paid at VC . My dogs can not eat corn , so that eliminates most of the inexpensive dogfoods . We are stuck with high quality dogfood at high quality prices ! But getting it at Amazon makes it much easier .
 Its great to have this delivered since I can not lift this bag !!!! This product is amazing for my dog 's coat .
 My collie has dry skin and hot spots and her coat was getting dull . My vet suggested this and so I got some . My collie loves it - one problem tho - all the cats on our farm try to steal her food now . Best of all it has really helped her coat and hopefully the hot spot issues too . Get some !!!
 Healthy Coat `` for dogs '' is an absolutely wonderful product . There is also a Healthy Coat `` for horses '' and a Healthy Coat `` show formula '' that is for steers , goats , sheep , and pigs . They are all produced and marketed by the same company , and as far as I can tell from a side by side comparison of the labels , they all basically share the same ingredients . The only major difference between the three is in the price . Healthy Coat `` for dogs '' usually costs about 50 % more . For this reason I usually buy either the horse or show formula.I have 2 Dachshunds , a Chihuahua , and a French Bulldog who all love this stuff in all of its incarnations and will lick it up by itself , although I mix it in with their food . I give them 1 teaspoon daily and they all have healthy , shiny , vibrant coats and no skin issues .
 Bought this leash for our german shepard who is also a Gator 's fan :-RRB- The leash is used for everyday walks and when I run with our german shepard . The leash is very sturdy and of good quality .
 We originally bought this product to clean up messes from our elderly dog with -LRB- bowel -RRB- incontinence and it worked wonders . It eliminated the smell , did not stain the carpet and kept the three younger dogs from the spots . Mr. Riley recently passed away and someone who shall remain nameless peed onto and into my wife 's brown suede FitFlop clogs . She was going to chuck the clogs but then decided to apply this product . OMG ! It worked ! No staining , no odor . We bought the smallest bottle first , just to make sure that it worked . Now we 're investing in the big one . A must have for pet stains .
 The collar was the size I expected . It 's somewhat difficult to adjust it , but it 's OK . I had purchased another collar from a different company which was soft , easier to adjust but folded up on my dog 's neck . This collar is stiffer and , thus , holds its shape well . I 've noticed that many collars are difficult to unsnap -- this collar is very easy to unsnap -LRB- I can do it with one hand -RRB- but it stays closed through vigorous yanks and tugs.This collar is more attractive than most I 've seen and is made in the USA .
 Love this collar ... , it has served many good years for my 60 # Pit Bull . However , recently the buckle closure has broken , that 's the reason for 4 instead of 5 star rating . I walk the dog 3X each day and the collar is removed after each walk , so that 's a lot of wear & tear . The quick release buckle is much easier and convenient to use than the former `` buckle & pin '' style , just not as durable . Overall quality , workmanship , and finish is outstanding .
 Sturdy enough to last 5 years on my nose to the ground , tearing through brush , swimming , etc. . Bloodhound .
 I purchased two of these cups for my dog 's indoor kennel and liked them so much I purchased two more so I would have clean spare cups . I have a new pup and now I will purchase more cups for the second dog 's kennel . I love these cups . They hang on the side of the kennel and there are no spills to clean up .
 These cups are nicely sized and easy to wash . My parrot can get them out of the holding ring so this is a minordrawback .
 My cat is very fussy . . does n't like most foods , none of the meat/vegie treats we 've tried or other cheese treats . But rattle the container with katcheeze and she flies from wherever she is to get them . . And if you 're not fast enough to offer she sits and stares at you til you provide her favorite treat . .
 My cats like treats , do n't get me wrong -- but Katcheeze they actually ask for . They will drag the bag -LRB- which they could open all by themselves -RRB- over to us and essentially say `` It 's time for cheese ! '' They are vitamins , but ones that the cats love.If your cat likes cheese , these are the ideal treats !
 Oster Power-Pro Ultra Cordless-Clipper Kit with Blade and Storage CaseI purchased this Oster PowerPro Ultra kit via Amazon back in Feb ' 08 , and - after four rounds of heavy use in six months - I am mostly pleased . I have two Old English Sheepdogs . My previous Wahl Kennel Pro clippers were pathetic when it came to removing their full coats and mats , but the Oster PowerPro Ultra with wide blocking blade -LRB- which I purchased via JeffersPet -RRB- flies through their mats and body coat , and the 40/10 blade takes care of the rest . -LRB- Tip
 I have 5 cats and I can get them all shaved within an hour with these clippers . It cuts right through their heavy coats and they do n't mind the shave because it only takes minutes . I use the clippers without any attachments - I purchased the attachments , but they did n't seem to work as well with them .
 Great Clippers , easy to use , a little heavy at first but easy to get used to when using the clippers . The charger is handy and having two battery packs is great for clipping our 100 lb dog . I read the other reviews for this product , as well as other clippers , and I 'm very glad that I decided to spend a little more to get a great product . I also like that everything comes in a very strong carrying case .
 I bought the clippers to use on my horses . No more having the clippers stop working when one is getting ready for a show . When it slows down you just put the other battery on and your ready to go . They slide through the hair with ease . Did a beautiful job on the ears and legs . I could n't be happier and they come in a really nice case . You wou n't be sorry with this clipper .
 This clipper is wonderful and well worth the price . When I can not bring my long-haired cat to the groomers , I trim the long fur at home during the hot summer months . The motor on these clippers is pretty quiet , compared to the corded trimmers I have used before . When trimming your pet 's fur , cordless is the only way to go and they will run away.Cons
 I was surprised at how heavy the clipper is . However , it feels very solid and well-constructed . The power switch is not in a good location for turning the unit on and off during one-handed operation but otherwise the unit was designed with ergonomics in mind . It has a comfortable shape and curves in just the right places . It easily stands on end on a flat surface -LRB- as shown in the product 's photo -RRB- without being tipsy . The clipper runs at a relatively low speed , which has two advantages over most other clippers
 I purchased the cordless clipper after my last oster clipper showed up broken one day . This has been wonderful - it is much quieter , and the cordless part makes it so much more convenient for my older dog . He can just lay anywhere he wants , and I can track him down instead of forcing him to stay close to an outlet . For his convenience , this has been well worth the extra investment .
 I shave my cat each summer . This is this easiest shave yet . The clippers are easy to use and give a close shave with minimal noise . My cat does not mind his shave with these clippers .
 The cordless power pro clippers are very durable , lighter than expected and worth every penny .
 These clippers are awesome and very quiet . My old -LRB- same model -RRB- Oster clippers were way to loud with alot of vibration but this new version is wonderful . Oster took care of all the problems of the old ones . I would highly recommend these clippers to everyone .
 I bought the kit a few weeks ago . I did as instructed , except I placed a plastic baggie over the top to make a little greenhouse . Now I have DOZENS of baby catnip plants . The kit arrived promptly and has met all my expectations .
 I kill plants , this one has survived so far . That makes it a win in my book . The instructions were easy , and it 's growing quickly even after a replanting . I highly recommend !
 The catnip was slow growing at first . The seeds sprouted in the little container after about two weeks . At one month I transplanted it to a bigger pot and now it is growing like crazy . I 'm very happy and so are my cats .
 at first I only have one or two sprout and they died :--LRB- . I continued to water it and now it 's full of life . two weeks in and there are about 20 or so and they are starting to shoot up .
 Great little `` chia '' like gift for a cat lover ! Got to see it grow , super fast . Good product and great price !! Even cheaper now then when i bought mine !
 Bought this as a gift for a friend . They loved the idea of growing catnip , so I was happy to find this . It arrived and they were excited.Yes , it would be easier to buy some catnip , but it is fun to grow plants , especially if it benefits your cat !
 I accidently snapped the shaft in half in my filter , so ordered this to replace it . It fit perfectly and works as the old one did .
 We have six cats . I have one cat in particular who has extra potent dander . I know when it is getting bad because my daughter will develop hives if she handles him . I use the Allerpet/C -LRB- soak him -RRB- on him and she has no hives for several weeks . I try to pro-actively use this on him . It is important to get the hind quarters where cats tend to clean themselves a lot . Benadryl works to rid my daughter of her hives very quickly and the Allerpet/C takes care of the cat . I also use it on the other cats , but do not find it necessary to do so weekly . I also have the comb -LRB- furminator -RRB- that does well in getting rid of a lot of hair and dander . -LRB- If you want another way to manage dander for a lot less , just use regular Dawn dish soap on your cat . I recommend you do this where you have two sinks , one to wash and one to rinse , and get through the process as quickly as you can . -RRB-
 I do n't have allergies to my cats , but several of my friends are highly allergic . I bought this product to wipe on my cats whenever I planned on having company over . Two of my friends generally break out in hives when they touch a cat , but when I used this product , they barely even sniffled after playing with the cats . I highly recommend this product to anyone who has mild allergies to cats . If you 're hyper allergic , you will still have itchy eyes and a runny nose .
 I love this product -- it really does help my allergies with my cat . But I 'm not sure I love the vendor I bought it from this time ... It came well packaged and it 's definitely the product I ordered -- not problems like that -- but strangely , the bottle seemed less than all the way full . -LRB- I 've bought this product before and the bottle was filled to the top -RRB- . It could have been a manufacturing error and nothing to do with this vendor , but I was n't 100 % pleased by it .
 I am familiar with allerpet and have used it for years managing cat dander in the winter months for my husband & friends . I believe it definitely helps in combination with other strategies . This is the first time I 've ordered online and I was completely satisfied with how everything was handled . Would definitely order from this company again .
 Comfortable , socks exactly as described , run a little on the small side so order up if you are on the border-line sizes .
 A bit pricey , but my 50 year old African Grey and my 9 mos . old Conure love them -LRB- bought 2 -RRB- . They arrived well packaged and we easy to set up . Easy to set up in a wild bird 's cage without getting eaten . I like them if they like them . Makes it easier to regulate daytime and nighttime . The light is very easy to get used to . It lights up the cages , but is much like a desk lamp in the entire room . Does not get too hot . So far , so good.My Conure has an arched cage and the Grey has a flat topped cage . Bars of drastically different diameters . Worked fine for both . I did secure the fasteners with leather as they can slide . Twine , cotton , fasteners , etc. would work just as well .
 Great bird light ! The only bad thing would be that it may make my bird a little more `` aggressive '' during molting season . But he loves it !
 During the long winter months these come in very handy . My African Grey 's make a point of perching under them , so much so they fought over the space so I ordered another .
 Love this light . We have 2 and use them 8-10 hours a day . The bulbs have only needed replacement once or twice over the last 6 years . And , our parrotlets like to sit under it on top of their cages after a bath . Honestly a fabulous full spectrum light .
 Best canister filter ever . Super easy to put together . This is my third Eheim in six years and all of them are still working .
 This canister filter is quiet as a mouse and easy to clean . Unplug the power close the valves pop of your hoses push the button move the handle down its open clean it fill it with ro water open the valves pull the handle up close valves reinstall . Really the best .
 I bought this to replace the hanging filter that came with my Aqueon aquarium kit . It was easy to set up -LRB- use the quick start guide for instructions , not the multi-language instruction book . -RRB- The box has everything you need including the filter media . The 360 degree repositionable in/out pipes really helped me out , the unit would not have fit in my cabinet without them . It 's been running for a week now in my 36 gallon tank and it seems to be filtering the water much better than the cheap unit it replaced . Hopefully it will be reliable for at least a few years .
 It was easy to put together , and comes with multiple media baskets so you can have several different types and customize to you tanks specific needs . It also makes cleaning the media much easier .
 I just got the Eheim Ecco for 35 gallons today and it was very easy to set-up and start using . The filter is relatively quiet and so far I 'm liking the convenience of the filter . Eheim ecco filter is a quality product I would recommend to anybody .
 I love this filter , I have had one running approx 2 years now and other then routine maint it has never failed . It keeps my 40FW clean and brite .
 I got this filter after reading several reviews via the internet . I have to say I was impressed with how easy it was to get it setup . Including the time to wash all the parts I got it going in about half an hour and it has been working flawlessly . Deciding to include the media in the new model was a smart move on Eheim 's part . Since there are only two baskets in this model you have to be careful how you pack them otherwise they will not lock properly . If you want to include an extra filter pad for example you will have to skim off other media as they will have to share the same basket.It is quiet ... in fact it is so much quieter than the hang on filter it replaced that my partner asked me if it was working ! It does an infinitely better job of keeping the tank wanter clean as well.The only complaint I have is that the hinges for the multipurpose handle are plastic . I would have thought that metal of some kind would provide a more sturdy setup . -LRB- I mention this because while I was doing maintenance the handle actually popped off and I noticed it then -RRB- . Otherwise it 's been a flawless performer in the month and a half I 've had it .
 Opposed to some of the larger filters , like the cheaper , magnum 350 for example ... you get much more thorough water filtration in an extremely well-designed package . The filter is whisper quiet . My Marineland bio-wheel 330 is noisier . Maintenance is incredibly easy and the handle-priming system works very well . You can even turn the flow rate down via the inlet valve on the canister depending on your applicatiton . It holds FOUR large baskets of filter media . Setup was extremely easy for me . Start to finish ... about 25 minutes -LRB- washing the media , cutting hoses to length , filling up the media baskets w / included media , etc. . . -RRB- . I want to convert my other tanks to Eheim Ecco . No disappointments here .
 I have had mine for 8 years . Zero problems other than having to replace the impeller once on one . Quiet and they just run and run and run!I have TWO of them on my 75 gal planted tank and alternate cleaning them so that only one is cleaned every 3 months . I change the pre filter material and do n't touch the bacteria medium .
 Using this on a 30cm cube . The instruction were well written and the setup was easy . I only needed to use about 1/3 of the bio material supplied along with the filter pad and carbon pad . The unit has been running for a few days now and is very quiet . The flow was a lot stronger then I expected but it has adjustable valves on the intake and output connectors which assist in adjusting to the flow desired .
 I have been using the same Eheim canister filter since 1984 or 1985 . It has never , ever broken down . It is in use today and still quiet as a church mouse . I bought my second Ecco Pro recently . With my old canister still going strong I knew I could trust the Ecco Pro . Both are easy to use but the Ecco Pro is so easy I would encourage anyone new to the hobby to buy one for their tank . I have fresh water planted tanks with perfect balance so my fish are healthy and happy . The Ecco Pro just needs to be set up and `` seasoned '' . Once the media is colonized with the helpful bacteria all you need to do is some simple maintenance . Always rinse with your aquarium water , never tap water as the chemicals will kill the helpful bacteria . These filters are the Gold Standard !
 I am very happy with this filter , I use it in my 12G Nano reef . The water has never looked this clear before . Setup was easy , the quick setup guide had nice big pictures and text descriptions making it very easy to fallow , it also came with all the bio media . Three boxes of which I only used two to fill the baskets , now I have extra ! Also the price was right .
 I 've also had this filter going on 3 years . It sporadically kept a 30 gallon long clean despite monthly maintenance and routinely replacing media.Replaced the $ 2.00 handle clip and no have replaced the Fluval-C3 that was the Eheim 's replacement . Now also using peat moss media in a generic nylon bag.Eheim is the way to go ...
 Until now , I thought external filtration was -LRB- 1 -RRB- complicated and -LRB- 2 -RRB- expensive.This is the first external filtration system I 've owned , and now I 'm considering external filtration for all my systems . I 'm so impressed with this Eheim Ecco Pro ! This was easy to set up , easy to prime -LRB- open the valves and lift the handle , it does it all for you -RRB- , absolutely SILENT , and is working flawlessly !!! I set this up on a new 46 gallon system , and allowed it to fully cycle before adding fish . My water quality has been perfect -LRB- ideal in all areas -RRB- . I 'm convinced this is probably the best investment I 've made in a while . If you 're considering external/canister filtration ... this is an impressive system .
 I got an email from amazon asking me to review this item ... To be fair , I did buy them through amazon and I do review a fair number of things that I buy through amazon ... I 'm just kind of at a loss for words when reviewing `` rubber adapter for ribbed hosing '' ... I guess it comes down to fact that they worked . I have a fluval 304 and I wanted to reposition the hoses requiring me to cut off the hoses . My old rubber adapters just did n't look right . They had a lot of algae on them that I could n't clean off and I was worried about developing a leak , so I ordered the new ones . I was initially a bit nervous ... I found it hard to believe that just twisting the hose into the adapter would create a water tight seal , but it did . I had it up and running within a half hour of the package coming in , -LRB- I had to cut hose ... etc. -RRB- and so far -LRB- knock on wood -RRB- no leaks . So , I gave 5 stars to the fluval rubber adapter for ribbed hosing because they did exactly what they were designed to do with a minimum of effort on my part . Thanks for taking the time to read my review .
 For those of you looking for black connectors to replace the white connectors that come with the new 06 series of Fluval filters , this is the right product.I 'm not sure whom at Fluval thought changing to the white connectors a good idea , but that person needs to be pistol whipped and fed castor oil .
 Fluval hoses off the shelf have one permanently attached rubber connector at each end . The in-flow and out-flow connectors each have detachable rubber hose adaptors . Works great if all you want is to shorten your hoses and go straight from filter to in-flow/out-flow . If , however , you are wanting to add something to your hose lines -LRB- such as an in-line UV -RRB- , and you do not want hoses that are horrendously long , then these are the adaptors you need . They fit snuggly over the cut ends of the fluval hoses to make a nice tight seal .
 Bought this to turn my Fluval filter to make it clean two tanks instead of one . Everything works great!Received my parts quick and I am happy with everything .
 I bought a Fluval 406 and a 306 . They came with light grey connectors . I bought these because they were BLACK . If you want a BLACK look , get these !!! They were worth it
 works very well to keep your pet still while grooming . I use this in the tub and on the groom table .
 I had seen this cat litter at a kiosk at the Pet Expo in Del Mar , CA and had noticed how wonderful it smells . The litter is composed of smooth , compressed and extruded pine sawdust pellets , shaped like miniature broken dowel rods . The sawdust is a by-product of the lumber industry , which must be convenient for the Florida company that produces Feline Pine , because pine trees grow like weeds in the South.I tried a bag to replace the ordinary silica clay cat litter we had been using for our little cat . It is not quite as absorbent or as fast-drying as clay litter ; however , there is far , far less tracking and the sharp odor of ammonia is much less than that with the clay litter . Any `` dust '' that the pine pellets might have is not at all noticeable , and my little cat adjusted to using it without a problem.As the pellets absorb moisture , they swell and disintegrate into fine , soft sawdust . I suspect my little cat prefers the smooth texture of the pellets and the softness of the sawdust to the old small , hard , sharp clay gravel that got stuck in her paws . The sawdust does not dry as quickly as clay litter , even with daily `` stirring '' , but the woodsy , evergreen fragrance of pine makes scooping much less of a chore.The only drawback to this litter is that the pellets are a bigger than clay litter gravel , requiring a wide-slot scooping tool so you do n't dump a clump of pellets into the toilet when you scoop solid waste . The bag is attractive and resealable plastic , but I think paper packaging with a clear window to see the product would entice cat owners to switch . The packaging also says `` CHEMICAL FREE ... '' which is false ; our planet is composed of chemicals . H2O -LRB- water -RRB- is a chemical . It should read `` HAZARDOUS CHEMICAL FREE '' or `` BIOTOXIN FREE '' . Anyway , I 'll be using the old clay litter only to clean up the oil stains in my carport . Now that I 've tried a premium litter , I 'll experiment with the wheat and corn types to find which one my little cat likes best .
 I am convinced this stuff is some sort of miracle for cat owners . My cat used to use the compressed , recycled newsprint litter -LRB- like Carefresh or Yesterday 's News -RRB- and I thought that was good , but then I read about Feline Pine and decided to give it a try . Well , there is simply NO SMELL AT ALL . I live in a small studio apartment which I thought was forever fated to smell like a litterbox , but with the discovery of Feline Pine , which absorbs all of the ammonia odor , you do n't even know I have a cat unless you see her . The tracking is noticably reduced and there is much less mess . I highly recommend you try this stuff - my cat made the switch with no problem at all , and it 's been completely worth it for both of us -LRB- my apartment does n't stink , and she does n't inhale clay dust . -RRB-
 Ever since I was a baby kitten , rescued from a busy street and parking lot , my lady owner has been squawking about my litter smell . The nice guy who rescued me , smelled the litter box but did n't want to complain ... cause he just loves me . We are cool , we 're real buddies . But oh , that lady in the house , she tried everything to get me to stop stinkin ' . I begged the nice guy to clean it up so mean lady wo n't get rid of me ! Every day he cleaned my box , but it still did n't work . And sometimes he did n't remember too good and ohhhh the smell was baddddd . Even for me . And each week they hauled in different kinds of litter for me ... still no good ! She hated the smell and swore to the man that I would have to go . Ow ... Meow ! I could just hear her nagging voice
 While this product is marketed especially for cats , I am not sure that it is prepared any differently than the wood pellets available for horses or wood stoves which sell at a fraction of the cost . $ 3/40lbs . That is quite a big difference . I recommend you use your own judgment about safety but I have had no problems using the stove pellets .
 after suffering with the chemical smells of the clay based litters , i was excited about trying feline pine . initially our two cats seemed to continue primarily using the clay litter box -LRB- we have two litter boxes , converted one to fp and kept using clay based litter in the second -RRB- . However , we had some usage in the first and once we converted the second to fp they seemed to be perfectly happy . Results have been great ! there is more odor immediately after the cat goes # 2 but there is literally no on-going odor and the cats do n't smell like chemicals after using the litter box . Much better for us and them . In addition , there is far less tracking -LRB- we use the non-clumping fp -RRB- . Once the cat urine has broken the pellets into sawdust you can see some tracking of the sawdust but that is an easy indicator it is time to do some cleaning ! Definitely need to have the right equipment -LRB- sifting cat litter box and the right scooper -RRB- . Very happy customer .
 Affordably priced , environmentally friendly , my two older cats took to it instantly with no problems . No problems with odor or dust - it 's all good !
 1 -RRB- Smells great .2 -RRB- Does n't track everywhere .3 -RRB- Easy to maintain litter box.Easiest way to use this litter :1 -RRB- Purchase a sifting litter box like the feline pine box or the Breeze . DO NOT buy the Van Ness sifting box , the holes are too big .2 -RRB- Scoop solids daily with a pellet-specific scoop like the one that comes with the Breeze .3 -RRB- Sift urine soaked sawdust to the bottom compartment by either shaking the box side to side or scooping the pellets around until the all the sawdust falls through to the bottom . I go with the latter because I do n't feel like lifting it .4 -RRB- Enjoy the rest of your day not worrying about the litter box.Remember to empty out the compartment with the sawdust every few days . I have 1 cat , so you may have to do it more often if you have multiple cats . I also keep the Breeze urine pads as lining in the lower part in case any urine trickles down and to absorb the smell of the sawdust .
 this is the best product i have ever used its safe does what it says it will do i have 3 cats and it does a wonderful job . easy to dispose of no harm no fuss love it love it.bambie1195
 We really like Feline Pine Cat Litter , it is a very low maintenance type of product and friendly to the environment .
 This item seems to work fairly well on my kitty with allergies . Has a bit of a strange smell but nothing that you ca n't get past .
 My dog does unbelievable things for a Buddy Biscuit ! They 're soft , easy to eat -LRB- no grazing for crumbs -RRB- , easy to break into tiny pieces -LRB- do n't want your dog to get fat because of training ! -RRB- , and reasonably priced . I could n't be happier with them .
 The measurements they give are a little off , its about 13 '' in height and its 10 '' in diameter . Great addition to a tank , make sure your tank is big enough , at least 40 gal .
 Hagen is a company that almost every fish-keeper will encounter at some point in their aquarium keeping career . In my nearly twenty years of fish keeping , I have rarely been disappointed by a Hagen product and because of this , I chose two of the Hagen Elite Submersible Preset 300-watt Heaters for my 150 gallon freshwater tank . As a matter of fact , my tank utilizes two Hagen filters , one Hagen powerhead and two Hagen heaters . As well as an infrequently used Hagen water polishing filter and various other Hagen doodads , thingumabobs and whatchamacallits.The Hagen heaters have performed very effectively and I can almost never detect any temperature fluctuations from the set 78 degrees in my tank , regardless if my house temp is set at 72 degrees in the summer or at 68 degrees in the winter . A word of caution , do not follow the temp settings on the dial , they are not the most accurate , so you are going to have to set the dial on the low side and adjust up or down over the next couple of days til you get it set where you want it . The Hagen heaters have n't overly exceeded any expectations of performance , and there is no 3.5 stars rating , so I feel four stars is a fair enough rating . Regardless , I would recommend a Hagen Elite Submersible Heater to anyone housing small to medium non-aggressive fish.I learned this fish size fact the hard way when a spastic 8 '' Woodcat hit one of my heaters hard enough to create a small crack that allowed the Hagen heater to fill with water . The broken heater did n't electrocute my tank and was n't much of a problem , I just bought another and switched it out . But , I would seriously recommend that you use the suction cup brackets and plastic end-caps to maximize protection as well as placing the heaters in a hard to smash part of your tank . I have n't had an incident since . But , I imagine a fully grown Jack Dempsey or Red Devil with a fish chip on its shoulder could smash one of these heaters like it was nothing and cleaning up the shattered pieces of glass would be difficult especially with an angry smash happy cichlid in the tank.P.S . I have to admit , I have never used an Elite Submersible Preset Heater in saltwater so I am unsure of its saltwater capabilities and make no saltwater recommendations because of my lack of experience .
 I purchased two of these -LRB- 150 watts -RRB- and use them each in 20 gallon tall aquariums . I set the temps to 78deg and the water temp went way high . I set both of them to 68 deg and both aquariums are dead on 76 deg . They have not fluctuated in temperature over the last four weeks I have used them .
 Great heater . I have it fully submersed and it runs slightly hotter than the readout . Just use a thermometer and once it is dialed in , the water temp does not move . It has a cool orange glow and I would recommend it .
 works well . calibration may be off by a degree or two . Just adjust accordingly to your gauge.Led indicator tells it is on .
 Showed up on time & works great . My old one died - all it would do is heat so I definately needed a new one .
 I have had this heater -LRB- Elite Submersible Preset Heater , 100 Watts -RRB- in my aquarium for a few days now . It replaced a 50W immersible heater that sat over the rim of my 20 gallon aquarium . The old heater had to be adjusted in winter , but did not have any markings to identify what the thermostat 's temperature was actually set on . My old heater is well over 6 years old and it just had a hard time keeping up -LRB- I really needed a bigger heater -RRB- . This heater was easy to install . The suction cups do move about easy on the aquarium glass , which makes positioning the heater easy . The heater must be installed below the rim of the tank , so even though it has a min water level , it can not be set to have the adjustment knob above the water line in a filled to the top aquarium . This is really no big deal as it is fully submersible . The min water level is there for those that keep different aquarium setups in order to keep the heater in the proper water depth.The knob for adjusting the temperature setting is stiff to turn . This is a big plus as it will keep fish from bumping the knob and causing temperature settings to change.I have the heater set at 76F . My thermometer shows a temperature of 75F . I would say this is a very accurate aquarium heater . The heater does an excellent job of keeping the temperature constant . Room temperatures fluctuate from 65F to 70F depending on when we are home or sleeping . My old heater with a room temperature of 65F could not bring the temperature above 72F . The Hagen Elite Submersible Preset 100 Watt heater kept my aquarium at the 75F mark easy when the room temperature was 65F . Overall very happy with the heater . Does an excellent job and is within 1 of the actual 76F setting on the heater -LRB- my thermometer could also be off by + / - 1F -RRB- . I would recommend this heater to others and will have no hesitation buying another when needed.Another big plus is it has a lifetime warranty.Update
 Nice heater , works fine , looks alright . Suction cups tend to loosen up though . Keep it out of a bubble curtain or it heats up too much . Nice lifetime warranty.Update
 Works like a charm , the price was right . I did not wait long for my order to arrive . Having this submersible heater is great because i do n't have to worry much about moving the heater when i do water changes , with the levels lowering and rising .
 my dog loves them but you can pick up a similar product at your local stores .
 My chihuahua loves these petit chicken dumbells . They are n't a two bite treat , but rather a treat she has to work on for 10 minutes or so . They are her treats for doing something really good -- like letting me cut her nails , or coming when called away from something really tempting . Because they are petit I would only give these to small , Toy and Teacup breed dogs . BTW . . this is a pretty good deal . I got them at my pet shop for $ 5 f or a single box .
 Before installing this device I had between 1.5 and 4 volts in my tank . After adding it I have none . I know that this is not a `` fix '' for the problem of leaking voltage , but now I can take my time to locate the offending device . I can also sleep easy knowing that future voltage leaks will be stopped by this unit . The cord on this is 10 ' -LRB- TEN FEET -RRB- long . I read another review that said 10 '' -LRB- TEN INCHES -RRB- I can confirm that this is not the case as it is in my HOB refugium and the cord easily reaches the floor to plug in on a 90 gallon aquarium with a stand , so it is dropping a good 5 - 5.5 feet with plenty of slack .
 If you are going to invest in a fish tank you might as well be safe and buy a grounding probe for any stray voltage that can occur in the event of an electronic device failure . This protects your fish/corals/and yourself!For my setup I purchased 2 of these units . 1 for my tank itself and 1 for my sump . You NEED 1 for each if you have a similar setup . Freshwater or salwater ... the little bit of money is well worth it ! Be safe to your fish and yourself.Like others have said ... the cord is 10 ' long ... not 10 '' like some silly reviewer wrote . You will have plenty of cord length here.It 's a product everyone in the hobby should use .
 Ok , the other guy that reviewed this said the cord was 10 inches . It is 10 feet . It is more than long enough for it 's purpose . I have no idea what 's wrong with the other guys brain but this product is 10 feet not 10 inches .
 This product is great , I have used it for the last two years with no problems . Before just touching the water in my 160gal . tank gave me a shocking experience , but now not a thing.Great product great price .
 At my LFS a 75 watt MH light fixture -LRB- Same thing as this -RRB- was $ 300 and something dollars . i have a 120 gallon SW tank with SPS corals , LPS corals , and need 4-5 watts per gallon . -LRB- I bought two -RRB- The bulbs are 60 something dollars as well , so i would have had to spend ALOT of money on JUST LIGHTS for my tank at my LFS . This is a NAME BRAND JBJ is a name brand light , for 130 bucks , thats AMAZINGLY cheap , also these come WITH the BULBS . 14k , so its perfect , i am set for about a year , -LRB- to change the bulbs -RRB- , i thought the bulbs were gon na be some cheap things , that im gon na throw away as soon as i see them , and i was going to buy different ones , but these are great , there JBJ brand 250 watt light bulbs . I was thinking the whole time , you get what you pay for , but , no i got something WAY better than what i payed for . I would reccomend this light to ANYONE , and all my friends with a SW tank , that requires MH .
 I would have given this item 5 stars except for the fact when my dog runs it hits the turn off button and shuts off .
 Excellent light . Nice and bright I can see my dog perfectly in the dark . Thanks so much !!
 Let me start off by saying , my cats are brats . They are finicky and often will stop liking a bag of cat food half way through . Pro Plan Selects is the ONLY food they will go at with gusto . I will fill up the bowl and the next thing I know it is empty . Sometimes it is gone so fast I think my dogs have eaten it -LRB- but no -RRB- . My cats like the chicken and salmon flavors equally . It is not too expensive either ! I would recommend it .
 The cd contains basic words/phrases in multiple languages . I bought it since it was inexpensive and figured it was worth a try . However , my African Grey already knew most of the English phrases in addition to more before the cd arrived . While the cd is a good idea especially when one is n't home or to teach an additional language phrase , the best way to teach your parrot to talk is simply by talking to him/her slowly and with clear diction .
 I was so pleased to find the twisted braided bones on Amazon . Hartz does not sell them from their own website and I could n't find them in the local Walgreens stores , where they are usually provided . I went to Amazon and , of course , found them !! Great website to find anything . This is the first item I 've bought there , but it likely wo n't be the last .
 We bought a new Andis clipper and these work really well for the clipper . They are a little hard to get on , but they stay very well which is nice . We really like this combs .
 I bought these as attachments for my dog clippers . They have been great and seem really well constructed , offering strong , firm attachment with solid moving parts -- I think these will last the long haul !
 Excellent alternative to purchasing all the additional clipper blades for different length cuts . Snap on easy and snug . Fit perfectly with my new Andis 22360 AGC Super 2-Speed Professional Animal Clipper . Recommend ...
 These combs work well with our Andis clipper , they make it much easier for us non-professionals to achieve the desired length of cut for our dog 's fur . Nice to have an assortment of different lengths to choose from . The issue here is that once you take these out of the package , you have nine combs laying around , no way to keep them organized by size or store them all together . I would have gladly paid a buck or two more if it came with some sort of case or organizer that would store the combs in order by size . When you have your dog up on the grooming table , the last thing you want to be doing is trying to figure out which size comb is which . But the combs themselves work fine , easy to take on and off the clipper .
 Not one review specifically mentions that it works with BGRC , yet it does . Someone was saying no , and I was scared at first as it didnt fit on the blade that was on the clipper . However , there was the smaller blade that comes with the package , and try that , it works like a charm . So far very satisfied .
 I dont like the fact that i had to purchase these separatelly , but that is beyond the point . Now that i got them , they work like a charp . they fit securely , which makes you do it with more confidence , and if you do it with confidence , your dog will stay calm .
 I ordered these combs to keep my Maltese dogs neat in between professional grooms , and save a bit of money . The package states the combs fit # 10 , 30 , and 40 blades . I have the Andis LightSpeed trimmer with a # 10 blade , and following the instructions they did not fit at all . I went out and bought a # 30 blade , and still they did n't fit . The instructions say to hook the plastic comb teeth over the teeth of the blade , and snap the comb on at the bottom . After some frustration , I figured out that THIS IS BACKWARDS , and it will not work with the Andis blades . Instead , you have to hook the metal piece to the base of the blade , push up with your thumb on the middle of the comb and carefully snap the plastic teeth over the teeth of the blade . Once you figure it out they are easy to install and remove , and they work very well . Blade oil can be applied to the underside of the blade as you work to keep it from getting hot.I found the combs to be of good quality , and the assortment of sizes is great for small dogs . Overall a worthwhile purchase .
 This product worked beautiful . . it was a little hard to get it off once you got it on , but you do n't have to worry about it falling off right in the middle of doing something either . . I think it is very affordable also .
 I have a 2nd hand pair of andis AG2 Super clippers and could not find part numbers any where that would tell me what combs would work with my clippers . I was pretty sure these universal ones would work and they are a prefect fit , they are durable and now I have a guide I can use so my mini schnauzers coat looks almost as good as if they went to a professional groomer
 We bought these combs to clip a variety of 4-H animals , and they are perfect for the job . We needed a variety of sizes to fit on our Andis clippers , and this set has not failed us . We call these combs `` guards '' . They fit over the clipper head to customize the length of hair left on the animal . This set probably has more than we will need , but you never know , and for the price , you ca n't go wrong . The guards clip firmly over the clipper head , and stay in place . If I wanted to be ultra-picky , I would say that the package they come in is a pain in the neck . It 's just hard to store them in . So ours wound up loose in the tack box . But that is being ultra-picky . These guards are well-made and give you exactly what you need in a variety of situations . I recommend them .
 I have n't used them yet but wanted to write this review before I forget . At first I thought they did n't fit and was extremely frustrated ! However , then I realized that the length adjusts as you clip it on . You have to hook the little silver clips under the bottom of the blade and then push the blue comb part up -LRB- it will slide to extend to the length of your blade ! It appeared that the comb was approx . 1/2 inch too short for my blade -LRB- # 10 -RRB- until I finally realized that they will slide , sort of a spring action between the comb itself and the little silver part on the back . Just an FYI for other dumb people out there like me ! Well , I felt like an idiot after I already printed the return label and cursed out the company for a comb that did n't fit . My bad ! -RRB-
 Note that when the Andis guards say they work best with a size 10 or size 40 blade , they actually mean that is all they reliably fit on and work with due to the blade design . That being said , they fit nicely and work effectively .
 I bought these about 2 weeks ago to use with my Andis AG2 clippers -LRB- which are awesome ! -RRB- . The combs are pretty sturdy and fit very snugly on the clippers . I had no problems using these on my Lhasa mix . I know someone mentioned about them warping a bit when the blades became hot . I did n't have this problem , but I also turned off the clippers a handful of times to give my dog a break and treats ! All in all , I would recommend these combs .
 This attachment set worked great with my Andis clippers . Highly recommend with the ceramic # 40 blade . Cuts very nicely and easy to cut my Wheaten 's thick hair .
 These guides worked just perfectly when grooming my dog for the first time . The set offered a variety of sizes that allowed me to vary the length as needed . Great prices as well !
 I bought these combs to go with my new Andis clippers , They fit on real tight and work great on my clipper
 I bought these to go with the new Andis 22360 AGC Super 2-speed professional animal clippers - they fit perfectly and change out easily ! These make it easy to shave my long haired tortie as well as my lab border collie mix !
 These fit perfectly on my Andis Clipper but quite honesly , I like the plastic ones that came with the clipper set when I purchased it . The metal set is a bit hard to snap on and off but they do work and I 'm very happy that I 've found these replacements .
 Simple to attach to the Andis Clipper and allows for a uniform hair length on the animal to be trimmed . Excellent addition at a very reasonable price .
 I was very pleased with this item it was what I expected for the price I paid for the item . they work great for me thank you .
 We bought these to go with our Andis Clippers and they are snug and work fine . I highly recommend these .
 These guards offer various sizes and worked exactly as expected . They were a good buy for the money and arrived on time .
 OK , I am kind of embarrased to write this , but I was ready to package these back up because I did not think that they fit my clipper . I got online one last time to see if anyone else had the same issue , turns out they did ! The metal clip that holds these to the clipper is SPRING LOADED , so at first glance you think there is no way theu will fit . Hook the metal clip on the back of the blade , then push comb toward the cutting end and it WILL snap on . These clipper combs work great -LRB- once i figured out how to use them !!
 Very fast reply and turn around on order process . item displayed was identical to item received . Would definitly use again !
 Just what I wanted . It was impossible to find these in a store . I use them often .
 Do n't bother ; buy blades.These are just horrible , horrible.I do n't know if I do n't know how to use them , but they are doing squad for me.I bought blades that get the job done in no time.I think these combs are trash , so I put them in it.Blame on me.I had trouble attaching these the right way that 's why they did not work . You have to make sure they are firmly attached then they are good.My apologies for the first review .
 This small clipper comb set is just what I need for trimming my golden doodle in the summer months . It has the perfect size tools for the shorter hair . Prompt delivery as well .
 I have used them twice now . As I am new at this , it is taking me a little time to learn how to use them . I did n't have any trouble getting them on as some people have stated . So far , they are working great .
 I have two Standard Poodles that I groom myself and these combs work perfect for this . I also have the larger combs but prefer this smaller sized pack .
 I bought these for the Andis AG-2 clippers and so far they perform as they are supposed to . Some indicated they were hard to attach but , it 's easy as pie if you know what you 're doing . One second and they 're on . It depends on your needs but , the thickest comb is 9/16th of an inch thus ... small set . They work fine for my application . They seem sturdy enough and I do n't expect to be having any problems . They should last for years and years . I would recommend them .
 these clipper combs are great , and so easy to use ! Just hook them on the back and push forward over the blade ! They fit nice and tight , and make grooming so much easier than the old clipper combs . I have 3 dogs than need grooming , so was very happy to find these !
 THank you to the ppl who review this item , saying that they were confusing at first , but once they are adjusted / snapped on , they do work very well !! it takes some practice , as this was my first time using trimmers on my dog . i have pretty high quality Andis agc 2 clippers , and they worked well with these plastic blue combs.no magnets on these , they snapp on by `` adjusting '' the combs , sliding them on the blade.highly recommened , 4 stars only because the instructions to use them are poorly worded on the product
 These do a very good job . They attached to my Andis ultra edge trimmer with no problem . However , for some reason they do tend to get the dogs hair caught right at the edge . It will sometimes pull and I have to stop the trimmer fuss with figuring out how to untangle the hair and start up again . Other than that , I have had no problems . Super quick shipping .
 I almost returned these due to the terrible , incorrect instructions on the package . It says to put the plastic part on the blade end and then push down to snap . It will NEVER work this way . This method had me totally believing that this was the wrong part for my Andis blades . As I was about to return them , I fiddled with them and noted that there was an internal spring . So , clipping the metal prongs at the back of the blade first allows you to stretch the combs to the point that they can then clip to the front of the blade . After that , these things worked very well . Consistent cut and they moved smoothly through the wire fox 's hair -LRB- no small feat ! -RRB- . I really like them now and it 's a very comprehensive set of lengths .
 Read some of the earlier reviews and was skeptical that these combs would fit my Andis AGC 2 clipper . Was delighted to find that they fit PERFECTLY and are sturdy , nice combs . Would definitely recommend to anyone who has the same clippers - they are a bit tricky to get on initially but once you get them on once its smooth sailing .
 The Model AGC2 super duty dog clipper is quieter than my braun electric shaver . For this first set I ever bought I could not see how the combs would fit over the blade assembly as the space on the comb measured 37 mm and did not match the blade assembly which spanned 45 mm back to front . Finally , hooked the metal clip part of back of the comb on the back of the blade , then placed my thumb on the plastic comb where the comb number -LRB- e.g. , 3 -RRB- and size -LRB- e.g. , 5/16 8mm -RRB- are imprinted , then PUSHED my thumb forward and down on the comb until the front of the comb snapped over the front of the blade assembly . The metal clip on the comb slides -LRB- but stiffly -RRB- along the plastic piece , hence the slot and the rivet . A pretty strong spring holds the comb/clip in place . Push thumb forward and up to remove the comb with an assist on the front of the comb -LRB- up from under the pointed ends -RRB- with your other hand . For safety sake , mount and remove the combs only with the unit unplugged .
 I got exactly what I ordered . I was a bit concerned if they would fit our clippers , but they are spot-on .
 I have been clipping my Kerry Blue Terrier since I got him at the age of 4 months . He is now 5 years old . I have both an Andis and an Oster clippers . These clipper combs work for both . Great buy !!
 I chose these to trim my mixed breed and a sliky terrier . They fit as they should and are just the size for proper trimming
 It was exactly what I ordered , and needed . They are super easy to use , and my pet looks a lot better after I 'm done .
 Lots of attachment lengths to choose from . Easy to get on the clippers if you hook over the clipper blade first and then push onto the back end of the clipper head .
 A little hard to get them on the clippers but works good . If you have weak hands forget about using these .
 these clipper combs have helped me tremendously as I was learning to groom my yorkies ... now that I am more familiar with the art I am purchasing some extra blades and will probably not need the combs as much ... but I highly recommend these . Excellent for helping the beginner to not accidentally cut your dog 's skin as the blade is not so close .
 These combs are literally a snap to use . They are made well enough that you do n't feel as if they will break when being mounted . Would recommend .
 Great product . heavy heavy duty and fits great . I purchased them for a number 10 clipper blade -LRB- Andis -RRB- , and does fit nice and snug . The metal portion is spring loaded and retracts to fit on blade . Almost thought they did n't fit but they fit great !
 We just got the pro clipper and they slide on great to it but it takes a little longer to clip the cats and dog when you have the attachments on them .
 These clippers work so well , allowing you to get that close shave that you want for your dog . I have used many clippers and these are the best so far .
 These combs were a bit tricky to figure out at first how they clipped onto the clippers ; however , I like the range of different sizes available . They also fit very snuggly so that you do n't have to worry about them accidentally slipping off .
 I thought these combs were fine . They are plastic , and seemed a little flimsy at first . However they worked alright . It 's nice that there is an assortment , however , I ca n't imagine using some of these lengths . Still , the price was right , and they arrived when they were suppose to . One note
 Received on time as expected , work like a charm , easy to install , use and clean , probably wear a bit quicker than I 'd like but that 's what I expect from plastic ...
 Too many of the longer-length guides and the shortest guide is n't short enough for what i needed/wanted .
 i have 2 dogs that need trimming and this works fantastic . Can trim to any length , i 've had different trimmers and these combs are the best . They are on metal bases too !
 As with all reviews it took a little while to figure out how to attach comb at bottom of blade and extend it upward to snap over the blade . The combs seem to be durable and work well with my clipper . I probably should have researched a little more because none of the combs allow me to clip as close as I would like . I would recommend these combs for their quality and ease of use .
 Very happy with these . There is a trick to them . They are spring loaded in a way . You have to put them on and pull to get them to fit .
 Although I have other snap on comb sets that were included with other clippers , I am glad I ordered the Andis Snap-On Combs and have used them with the No. 10 detachable blade . I use snap on combs a lot when I groom our Lhasa and also use the Andis No. 10,7,5 , and 3-3/4 detachable blades too . The snap-on set was packaged very well , arrived in great condition , and within promised delivery time .
 I was cursing up a storm thinking that these combs , which claimed to be universal , did not fit my Andis clippers.Then I realized the combs have a spring in them and they * expand * to fit over the clippers . You have to pull the bottom part down and then let it lock over the clippers.The combs are working great . Patience pays off .
 These are decent combs . They 're a good deal since you get a full set for a low price . I use them on my Andis AGC Super 2-Speed clippers to clip my Poodle . I 've used them on Andis 10 and 30 blades with no issues . A set a combs I had in the past would sometimes unlatch from the blade during grooming , but I have n't had this problem with this set of combs.The only problem I have is that hair seems to get caught up in these combs . This does n't happen with the stainless steel combs that I have . It 's not a big deal , but I often have to shake the clippers a bit to get the hair to fall out . Every now and then , I actually have to remove the comb in order to get the hair out.I 've noticed some reviews saying that these combs are hard to get onto the clippers , but they really are n't . Every guide comb I own is put onto the blade in the exact same way , and it 's extremely simple to do . If you almost cut yourself while putting the guide comb on , you 're doing it wrong . While attaching this sort of guide comb , no part of your hand should be near the cutting edge of the blade . It 's quite impossible to cut yourself unless you 're going at it completely backwards .
 These combs are well made and fit securely on my clippers . However my dog has fine hair and my Andis clippers do not cut well with the combs on - I suspect this has more to do with my dog 's hair and the sharpness of my clippers and not related to the combs .
 I found these to be good replacements for the original guards , one of which I accidentally broke . I have theAndis 21420 Pro-Animal Detachable Ceramic Blade Clipper Kitwith the # 10 ceramic cutting head . Even thought these guards fit differently , they work very well . These have a spring loaded clip that holds each guard in place on the cutting head , rather than the original guard that snapped in place . I may actually like these better than the original guards . Good Luck !
 THESE CLIPPER COMBS WORK VERY WELL WITH THE ANDIS 22405 ANIMAL CLIPPERS ON OUR HAVANESE DOGS .
 This is a very well made product , but it 's too small for our dog . He 's between seven and eight pounds . Right at the limit for the small . The next size up - medium - would be way too big ; it 's supposed to fit dogs up to fifteen pounds . Dogs come in so many sizes . It 's too bad there is n't a small/medium size .
 Just as good as when it carried the name brand of Global Pet . Prompt delivery . Fits under the airline seat nicely . Makes traveling with a pet a breeze .
 These are good quality lamps at a fair price point . They do the job . Good product overall . I have used several other Fluker 's products all ordered on Amazon and I 'm very satisfied with their quality .
 I use these clamp lamps for my hedgehog 's cages . It stays nice and secure on top of their cages . The size is good too .
 It 's great ; it is just the size I was looking for . The only reason I did not rate 5/5 stars is because I had , for some reason , expected it to be just a wee bit deeper .
 I have two beardies and a leopard gecko and this is a great brand for reptile supplies and this light fixture works well . they are reliable and come with a strong clamp . THE ONLY BAD THING , and this is not a remark on the product at all , is that amazon says it is rated up to 250 watts which is untrue . It is only rated for 75 watts and I 've had to return one because of that . These are great if you only need them for basking lamp and some low watt UV bulbs .
 this lamp is great and my turtles LOVE IT they were fighting over who got onto the rock first and now i have to go out and buy a bigger rock so that they can all fit on the basking spot
 This is the only brand of lamp I will use for my lizards . The only problem I have with them is that the clamp is very difficult to install . Other than that they are great . They are lightweight , and durable . Just do n't drop the ceramic part ! I am very pleased with my Flukers lamps !
 Very nice for smaller setups , however one should note that the rating of the reflector is only 75 watts , much less than the ceramic socket . However , if you need more than 75 watts you probably want a larger than 5.5 '' reflector anyway .
 Could n't be happier with this clamp lamp ! Does what it says , is small enough to not look grotesquely out of place in our living room , and was a great price . Highly recommend !!!
 I am using the clamp lamp without the clamp actually because I prefer to just have it rested on top of the screen for my tortoise tank . This 5x5 size I am using for lighting . Larger size better for the heat bulb in my opinion . I would recommend .
 I purchased two of these clamp lamps for my 36 `` x24 `` x24 '' display cage by ShowCase Cages that house a pair of Russian tortoises . The clamps hold an Exo Terra Sun Glo Basking Spot Lamp 50W and an Exo Terra Night Glo Moonlight Bulb 50W respectively . The small diameter of the heat shield fits perfectly in the lamp allocation spots on the ShowCase Cage . I did n't need to use the included clamp , but if you need to affix your clamp lamp in a non-conventional position , it will come in handy.I 've combined the set-up with anExo Terra Repti-Glo 10.0 Fluorescent Lamp , 15-Watt/18-Inchfor a spectacular daytime display that promotes healthy living for the pair of Russian tortoises while the the moonlight bulb generates heat and outputs just enough light for night viewing but wo n't disturb the sleep cycle of the tortoises . Highly recommend .
 Needed a lamp for our tree frogs . After glancing at the products available at the pet shop , seems this one was a good price and works well , too . No problems with bulb burning out yet . Satisfied with lamp .
 This lamp has been great ! I bought two of them for my aquatic turtle 's aquarium for UVB and UVA bulbs . The lamps were easy to set up and their `` aim '' is adjustable .
 Flukers dripper is easier to control the speed of the water flow compared to the Zoo Med Little Dripper . I like how I can have it on a slow drip so the water lasts a few hours .
 I 'm not sure how you rate such an item but it does look great in my fish tank with the black background and black rocks , it 's somewhat sureal looking . I had one before that got covered in algae , my plecos would n't clean it so I tried to do it with a toothbrush and hot water but it just rub off the yellow so I threw it out not knowing how hard it was going to be to find another one the same , petsmart had stopped selling the brand . so I searched the internet for weeks trying to find the same yellow coral , thankfully I found it here on Amazon , the last place I would think to find it!Anyway , I love it , my fish like it . . I think and it looks great in the my 75g tank . It seems to be good quality as well .
 I HAVE 7 CATS AND THEY ALL LOVE THIS TREAT . FINALLY A TREAT THEY ALL EAT . HAS ONLY ONE INGREDIENT AND THATS RAW FREEZE DRIED WILD SALMON . I DO HAVE TOO BREAK UP SOME FOR THE SENIOR CAT BECAUSE HE HAS NO BACK TEETH , BUT BOY HE DEVOURS THEM LIKE NO TOMORROW . ALSO DELIVERY WAS RIGHT ON TIME . A DATE WAS GIVEN AND THAT WHEN IT SHOWED UP . IN FACT AMAZON HAS BEEN RIGHT ON THE NOSE ON MANY OCCASIONS . THEY ARE AMAZING , , ,
 I buy the six-pack of WildSide Salmon dog treats for my cats as it 's cheaper than the WildSide Salmon cat treats . Every once in a while I 'll have to break a chunk into smaller pieces but for the most part they are the same easily managed sized chuncks of dried salmon . My cats love WildSide so much they think they 're supposed to have some with every meal . The bags open easily and stay closed with the built-in resealing zipper keeping the salmon fresh . Good stuff !
 I actually buy these salmon treats for my cat . They discontinued the cat treats at my vet 's office and a friend of mine told me the `` dog '' treats are exactly the same ... even the size . My cat goes absolutely insane over these treats . My `` granddog '' also loves them when he comes to visit . Warning
 Even though this product comes from China , the operations/supervision is by Americans , so I feel it is safe after much research . The product is of high quality , and pricey , but it is well worth it .
 My dogs would kill each other to get this dog treat . My cat smells them when I am giving treats to the dogs and she now joins in when she sees the package . Great product !
 This is a product my dog loves . I was pleased to find it on the enter netI have bought it from my pet store , but they no longer carry the productI will buy again
 The breeder of our puppy recommended these treats , since they are all fish and nothing else . Our puppy loves them , and they are small , which is practical and makes them last .
 We have a dog who is allergic to chicken . So many dog foods and treats contain some form of chicken . Finding the Wildside Salmon has been great ! He loves these treats . And we finally have something we can use for treats and training .
 First got these from our vet who uses them as treats during visits . Since our vet is very particular about diet , we trust these are better for our pets than some of the other alternatives
 I do n't want to give away any secrets but I buy these treats for my 3 cats . They are all addicted to them and ask for them after dinner.The dog treats are the same as the cat treats but at a cheaper price . I was worried that they would be huge or something since they are sold for dogs , but not so.I give each cat about 6-7 treats per night . The only ingredient is SALMON . How much healthier can you get ?! My cats ' coats are extremely soft and silky , and my vet recently commented that she thought it must be the treats!If you are looking for a healthy option when it comes to your animals instead of the supermarket trash that has un-pronounceable ingredients in it , GET THESE !
 My cats go crazy for this treat . This is the only cat or dog treat they will eat . They all mob me in the kitchen every morning and evening . My dog loves it too and will try to get it from the cats if I do n't catch him first .
 I used to buy these cheaply when I lived in WA State -LRB- they 're made there -RRB- but these are cheaper than anyplace I saw there . Cat owners should just order the dog treats and split them up . These are a little large for most cats but if you break them down with a knife or box cutter they 're every bit as good as the cat treats and much cheaper .
 This is my two cats second favorite dry food and I recommend it for all kitties with no abnormalties which prevent their eating it . They find the Fancy Feast Filet migion slightly better . I occasionally feed a line of feral cats and visiting owned cats and they love this , roll in the dust , roll on the concrete and lick their chops . All good news here .
 My cat loves this food . I just happend to stumble accross it , and decided to pick up a bag . He REALLY likes it ! This is definately one of his favorite foods ! I will be trying all the other flavors now . This is a little pricey , but worth it in my book .
 The green bag fancy feast is my cat 's favorite . It 's per pound cost is about the same as my local supermarket but the market only sells the 1 lb green bags . The purple bags are number 2 on their like list . The red bag is their least favorite . It is conveniet having it delivered to the door as i only go grocery shopping about every 2 weeks .
 Great product and great service . My cat loves this particular brand more than others I 've tried in the last 6 months . Arrived in a timely fashion and well packaged .
 My cats , love , love , love this ! I have n't tried the other flavors b/c all of my cats devour this stuff . This is the cheapest , most convenient way to buy pet food . No more , &#34; Oops , did you buy food for the cats ? We 're out ! Better make a run for the store and hope that they are n't out of this too !! &#34; We have figured out our needs for a month and signed up for the automated , recurring order process
 He loves his crunchies . Arrived on time . If price holds I 'll continue my subscription . Ca n't get the big bag locally
 My cats love this food . They have been eating this brand for many years . They will eat other brands but always have to have their Fancy Feast .
 My cats eat this the best of anything I can buy . My cats only like fish type food which does make it hard for me to get them things they like
 I have 4 picky little eaters aged 2-7 and they all LOVE it ! I use it as a treat to supplement with their other &#34; healthier &#34; food -LRB- grain free -RRB- and it has helped them all maintain healthy weights and be happy .
 My cats loved Royal Canin 28 , a high fat dry food . It must be discontinued so I 've been searching for another they 'll like . This food in the filet mignon flaver is a big hit . Just put this one out ... they ate it but did n't go crazy for it . The reseal feature works nicely .
 I have two cats . So far , this is the only cat food that they seem to enjoy , and my vet says it 's good for them too .
 We have two cats , a himalayan and a ragdoll , both love this food ! The only negative is finding the 7 # bag . thanks Amazon !
 My cat loves the Fancy Feast Gourmet foods so much that she does not want to eat anything else . I usually mix this cat food with some healthy stuff so she gobbles it right up . This 7 pound bag also makes this gourmet cat food very reasonably priced . Once your cat tries this you 'll be proud of yourself for buying it .
 I do n't know what they do to this food but my cats act like maniacs when I put it out . I only give it to them a few times a week -LRB- I give them a variety of dry food -RRB- and they get so excited when they get this kind . I normally avoid dyed food but my cats love this so much I enjoy giving it to them . They get other `` healthier '' types of food along with it so I am not concerned . Their little lives are too short to not get food that they truly love and my cats ALL love Fancy Feast dry and wet . Indulge your babies in a little junk food on occasion , it wo n't hurt anything . I have a little junk food myself sometimes cause it makes me happy , too . : -RRB-
 I was well pleased with the price of the 12 '' fluorscent bulb I ordered.I was pleased I could find it . I looked all over in the town I live in and all the merchants did not have the 12 '' bulb at all.I was glad to receive it in such a quick manner.It was packaged very well . If I ever need something else from this company I will surely order again.Thank You , Roger Morrison
 These lights are fine , but does nothing to inhibit the growth of algae ! I plan to look more for the necessary lighting in the future .
 It works . It is a light bulb , not much more to say about it as long as it works . So this requirement for the 20 words review is really silly . I wish I could plug in some other cheaper light tube for this unit , but unfortunately it only takes this one , so as long as it works , it 's good .
 Hard to find anymore at pet shops , so very pleased to find it on Amazon . What can you say about a bulb -- it does exactly what it should , fit the hood just right , and my fishies are happy again . Seller shipped it pretty fast , no problems whatever .
 Worked as expeted ! nice , powerful flow ... i only wish they could be more compact , but its not a big deal because they work so well .
 I ordered this for a relative in another state . The product was delivered quickly , it was well packaged , and the product was fresh .
 Fancy Feast 's dry cat food is the only dry food my three outstanding cats will touch . Mix a little bit of some other high-quality dry food with it -- they wo n't touch the stuff . But straight from the bag -LRB- sealed with a plastic clip between uses -RRB- has them running from every corner of the house . We 've raised our cats from the time they were two weeks old , and once they got into the dry food stage , Fancy Feast won hands down . The purveyor we ordered from did an excellent job of wrapping and shipping the 20 3-lb bags we asked for through Amazon.com .
 This was a replacement . My other one was broken , and had a piece coming off . It arrived on time and in perfect condition . Thanks !!
 Impeller did the job . Pump works great no noise , perfect solution to my problem . . Easy to install and shipped fast .
 Impeller part was just what we needed for the pump . The old one was missing and this one worked just fine .
 This product replaces the original without any modification . However I found that even with a new replacement impeller you MUST clean the chamber completely to aide in proper operation . I would recommend this part without hesitation .
 I have not put it in the new set up yet but differently a cheaper way to go then to buy the whole set up again .
 This bluetooth headset is great . I didnt even know before hand that it can also play my medias audio -LRB- music , videos -RRB- . The sound quality is Good , doesnt wobble while in ear.The only downsides to this headset is the range . A lot of times i cant even have my phone in my pocket because it 's too far away from the headset .
 My dog loves these all-rubber balls and they overcome the issues of wear on the teeth enamel which arise with grit which accumulates on regular tennis balls . He 's a big chewer and has n't made a dent in these despite several hours of chewing . They 're compatible with the chuckit so no slobber on my hands either . A + ! UPDATE
 I really like this blade ! Nice and sharp . Get 's the job done fast ! I am so happy I did n't have to buy a whole new set of clippers ... considering mine are kind old . But they still work good and this blade saved me a ton of money . Very happy with this purchase .
 Both my dogs love it I have a Dalmatian -LRB- Lola -RRB- and a German short hair pointer -LRB- Lila -RRB- , is very hard to be destroy , easy to clean and very bouncy .
 This ball is great!My dog would always destroy those tennis ball toys within a week.This ball shows no damage at all . Great product !
 After purchasing several dog balls , and them all breaking from lots of use , this is the greatest toy . It is okay for him to chew , and no worries of him swallowing the ball 's contents like others . Another bonus , he gets it stuck in less places . Balls are his favorite to play with , second to good old long lasting dog bones from the pet shop ! It 's great fun on his own , or a playful afternoon with his family in the yard !
 I have a year and half old beagle that has teeth of steel and a bite strength to match ! I 've found few dog toys that could stand up to his tough chewing and thus far the Kong line of toys have been by far the best ! This is one of three Kong toys I bought him at Christmas -LRB- I also got him a Kong dental bone and a Kong bounzer ball -RRB- . He 's had a classic Kong for a year that he gets peanut butter in everyday that is just starting to show its abuse . I 've found that these Kong toys far outlast many other toys I 've bought him that claimed to be indestructible , and this ball has thus far held up wonderfully . I would certainly purchase other Kong products without hesitation . Thank goodness he only chews on his toys !
 For being a medium size breed my Lhasa Apso mix is a mighty chewer . Most toys do not last very long with him . This ball is great , it has lasted 4 months now with just some minor bite marks . No doubt eventually this will need to go to the doggie-toy-grave-yard one day , but at least he has gotten a lot of fun out of it before hand.Only 4 stars because I have yet to find something completely indestructible .
 This is an amazing ball . The bounce in this thing is great . I do not have an aggressive chewer , but it does seem durable . Only warning , do n't throw it hard until you get used to how well it bounces .
 My dog is constantly out to get me . Keeping little miss ` Princess Paws ' from rooting through the trash , diddling the carpets or wrecking the house is like trying to keep Lindsey Lohan out of dive bars , crack dens and paparazzi mug shots . In other words -- nearly impossible.But lord help me , I try.All dogs like balls . Whether chasing , chewing or licking -- and whether their own or someone else 's -- what dog can say no to a nice game of fetch with a happy fun rubber ball ? * MY * dog . That 's what.Try as I might , I could n't get her interested in this product . And I tried everything . I rolled it to her . I rolled it away from her . I dangled it over her head , buried it in her food and tied it to the back end of that Schnauzer across the street she likes to trade sniffs with.Nothing . It 's like her ball-chomping gene has been removed or something.Not her ` temperamental ' gene , though . Last night , I was trying again to get her interested , waving the ball in front her like a manic rubber hummingbird . She finally had enough , batted the ball hard out of my hand , and it hit me right in the mouth . And stuck there . It took me half an hour to dislodge it from my jaw , and another before I could close it properly.So I 'm giving up on this toy . Next time I try to get her to show interest in something , it 'll be a tuna fish sandwich on rye . I look forward to that .
 My 2 year old golden retriever loves to chew ! She will tear up any soft toy made of plastic or cloth in minutes . The toy she really likes is the large red Kong ball . We got her two for the back yard . I throw one of the balls , she 'll go get it , and then bring it back and drop it in order to chase after the other ball ! This can go on for a half hour , or more . I even got her one of these Kong balls for my office when I take her to work . It is literally the only toy that she can not destroy and the only toy she really wants to play with . One of the things she does like to do is roll it under the couch . When she ca n't reach it with her paws , she then barks at me until I get it for her . When this happens I start wondering who the retriever really is !
 My dog is n't much of a chewer . He likes chewing plush toys , but is n't interested in chewing his Kong . Therefore , when I first put a few dry treats in the Kong , he gave up pretty quickly . I though my Kong was going to waste . Then I discovered the wonderful `` other '' treats you can put in the Kong that Bosco can lick out ! Now I smear peanut butter , cream cheese , and all sorts of other yummies in the Kong . My -LRB- and Boscos ! -RRB- favorite is spooning some baby food in the Kong and freezing it . I always make sure I look at the label to ensure the ingredients are simple `` beef + beef broth '' or `` sweet potatoes + water '' . Freezing the Kong makes it so he has to work harder and longer to get the yummies out . I have about 3 Kongs in the freezer at all times and give my dog one when I need to get him out of my hair for a while or to ease separation anxiety . He does n't even notice when I 'm leaving anymore !
 This is the third Kong ball I 've bought for my Great Dane ... Now , that sounds bad at first , but this is over a period of 3 years and they are rather large dogs !! The first one was lost , nothing to do about that . The second one has lasted over a year - in fact it 's still going now , but it has started getting stuck on his teeth , and I expect it to die any time now . Hence I bought a replacementMy Dane plays with his ball ALL the time . There is MUCH chewing . so for these things to last a year and still not be destroyed is good in my book ! And the price is very good ! I ca n't complain at spending approx . $ 15 per year.Very durable . Recommended product !
 My weimaraner loves this toy it is a nice size but a little heavy . He has not destroyed it at all but he only gets it outside because of its weight . he likes to shake his toys and this is to heavy for inside . It could easily go through a window . I also have to make sure I do not hit him with it when I through it . He would like to catch it in the air but I am afraid he will break a tooth . He loves it though . If he gets a choice he prefers the air kongs they have squeakers and are lighter :-LRB- Toy is good but noot his favorite .
 If you a dog whose a power chewer with the strength of the `` Jaw of Life '' you 'll find that the majority of Kong products are indestructible as you 're going to get.The medium/large ball is sized perfectly for our 91 pound Old English Bulldog - so he can play all he wants without us having to worry about choking or him getting a chunk of the toy out and swallowing it.This happened when he was three with an inferior product and resulted in a blocked intestine and a major surgery.No doubt every dog lover can relate to this kind of catastrophe or the fear of it . The Kong products and Nylabone seem to hold up the best.Of course color does n't matter to your best friend , but the bright red makes the ball easy to find when it ends up under a sofa , chair or hidden in the shadows . You 'll get something else when you purchase this item : Remarkable service from the seller.The toy shipped the day I ordered it , but after it did n't arrive within a week and the tracking information had n't changed I contacted the sellers by email . Within an hour I had response in my in-box letting me know they would do anything and everything possible to uncover the problem . Over the course of a few days I heard from both the owner and manager of the company . It 's the quality of service and care that 's a rarity these days and I applaud the concern and effort made by `` Little Family Members `` Terrific Toy - Great Value - Top Quality Service .5 Stars !
 My dog is tiny -LRB- 15lbs -RRB- but he destroys everything . He destroys tennis balls , basketballs , soccer balls , baseballs , golf balls etc. . I got him the large 3 '' ball and he can barely keep it in his mouth but he loves it and can not destroy it . It is his favorite toy . It is heavy so it goes far when you throw it . It bounces well . I 'm thinking about getting him the smaller ball but the reason I chose the large one is because he was getting the smaller balls stuck under things . The big one can not roll under my furniture .
 Great product but I was hoping that the Kong ball would have a hole in it to put treats inside . This one does n't have that it is just a massive ball made of the same rubber used in all Kong products . The good thing about this ball is that differently from other balls we buy for our dogs this one will last for years ...
 Our dog loves to play catch with it because it is so lively bouncing all over the place . It is strong enough to stand up to a big dog . It is heavy so we have a medium size for our German Shepherd dog .
 This ball is the only ball my dog will play with . He absolutely loves it and when he loses it , he is miserable . I 've never had a KONG red ball get destoyed by chewing or fall apart , the only time we have to replace it is if
 I have two GSD 's and a lab that absolutely love this ball ! It stands up to their constant chewing and since it has some weight to it it goes farther when thrown . It has a great bounce too which keeps them interested . I will definitely buy this again in the future !
 I 've a dog who loves to pull the fuzz off of tennis balls . So I decided to get him a Kong ball to chomp on ... only he did n't want to chew on it . He did n't even pay any attention to it for the first month . I tried putting peanut butter on it to entice him but he would lick it and then move on . A month later I decided to toss the ball around in the backyard by myself and all of a sudden he wanted it . Granted he still only plays with it when I want to throw it around in the backyard but whatever .
 My 12 pound Terrier has met her match.This ball is the best in the batch.Try as she willThe ball is stillAfter months of abuse still laying aboutIf she could talk I imagine she 'd shoutChange this ball NEVERfor this is the best ball Ever
 I got this for my 80 pound boxer and he will not put this ball down ! It is his new best friend . He has not been this ecstatic over a toy since the Kong Wobbler . I do n't let him have it all the time as I do n't want him to chew it up , but it is hilarious to watch him drop and chase it over and over again . It seems like a very sturdy ball and there are no teeth marks yet , so I am hoping it lasts for years !
 First I will ssay that the photo is not the exact ball that shipped . The photo shows a hole through the ball . The one I received has no hole -LRB- I am thrilled -RRB- . I have an eight month old English Bull Terrier that has managed to destroy every ball i have tried -LRB- at least 12 -RRB- within a few minutes . This dog has some shark teeth and jaws of steel . I was about to give up hope until the Kong ball arrived . He has managed to get some teeth marks in it but after 30 days I am in awe . This ball has taken some insane abuse and survived . Kong is the way to go if you need a sturdy ball !
 my girls love this toy , does not matter what you put in it , cookies , treats or peanut butter they love it . Will even bring it to you for more . Keeps em busy ...
 I must say that I have a ball obsessed Giant Schnauzer . He is very high anxiety and balls are his comfort toys . That being said we go thru balls like crazy , he chews CONSTANTLY , fetches , dribbles , and sleeps with balls . We purchased this ball in hopes that it would be a little tougher for him to destroy . It worked ! He can destroy them by taking chunks out of them , but it takes him about 4-5 weeks of constant play to do this . All in all I 'm very pleased . I do n't mind replacing a toy once monthly as opposed to once daily like we had to with other balls . We have found that if we put 2-3 of these balls out at a time for him he will circulate thru them and they last a little longer . We liked this one because it is a little heavy , but not near as heavy as some of the other `` tough '' balls so he is able to carry it around and not destroy things in the house with it . It also has some bounce so he is able to dribble with it .
 It 's bigger than I thought , but the size is perfect for big dogs . My labrador `` Luna '' love this ball , but is a bit heavy . I have a fear of throwing the ball to `` Luna '' and that she can hurt your teeth or mouth.Today , the ball came home and literally `` Luna '' has spent all day playing . She loves her new toy!Es m&aacute;s grande de lo que pensaba , pero el tama & ntilde ; o es perfecto para perros grandes . Mi labrador `` Luna '' ama esta pelota , pero es un poco pesada . Yo tengo miedo de lanzarle la bola a `` Luna '' y que ella pueda lastimarse sus dientes u hocico.Hoy lleg&oacute; a casa la bola y literalmente `` Luna '' ha pasado todo el d&iacute;a jugando . Ella ama su nuevo juguete !
 Perfect ball for bigger dogs ... Ca n't rip it apart like she will do with a tennis ball and it 's bright red so it 's easy to find . Nothing more to say ... It 's great !
 This has been the one and only toy that has held up with our dogs . It 's very durable and our dogs love it . Our dogs are chewers and pickers and any other toys that we have purchased have been torn apart with in a day or less . We have purchased other toys and other Kong toys and this is the only one left standing . I am amazed how well this has held up !
 Finally a toy that will last . Ball is heavy and steady . Dogs love it . Finally a ball that will last !
 Awesome ball ! My dog is a chewing terror and she has n't destroyed it yet ! LOVE IT !
 The kong ball has held up nice with my dogs that seem to destroy any toy I get for them . However , they are really not all that interested in playing with it . They love tennis balls , chuck-it balls -LRB- FAVORITE -RRB- , etc. .
 This is the only toy our aggressive chewer Golden Retriever will not destroy in a matter of minutes . She love these , even plays bounce/catch with herself !!!
 My dog is a power chewer . She will eat - or at least shred into tiny bits - most dog toys in an hour or two . Even the `` durable '' Nylabones are only good for a month , and this one has been a fav of hers for almost a year ! It is very heavy , and should be tossed very carefully , if you use it indoors , but it IS indestructible !
 previously purchased 1 of these 4 my now 10 month old `` aggressive chewer '' ... the 1st one barely has a scratch on it & he carries it everywhere around the house ... prior to the kong ball , he destroyed most balls in a few minutes ... since the 1st kong lasted 4 many months , i decided 2 get him one 4 the backyard plus a spare ... these are great 4 chewers , playful pups & dogs that get bored easily ... they bounce irregularly & keep our kids entertained !
 This has been the best toy I have purchased ever for our Weimy . . He destroys every toy that claims durability ... except this one . . We 've had it for 3 months and not a dent/chip in it . . Will purchase more Kong products
 I purchased this for my puppy rottweiler at 8 weeks but it was too big since he did n't really bother with it . Now that he is 12 weeks he really grew and loves this toy . He loves chasing it and loves trying to get that yummy peanut butter stuffing I place in the middle . So far the ball is still in good condition . It is well worth the price since I have purchased other toys and they do n't really last that long . These are safe and will last a long time .
 Very durable and fun toy . My dog loves it when I stick some treats inside and hide it . It 's definitely one of his favorite games . Kong did a great Job with this product . It 's even more durable than the original Kong toy -LRB- my dog chewed through that one already . -RRB-
 I got this ball for my 1.5 year old pit rescue after she destroyed all of the tennis balls -LRB- tough ball brand dog tennis balls -RRB- I gave her . She has not done anything to this ball , but she definitely does not enjoy it as much as the tennis balls . She 'll run to fetch it , but will drop it a few steps after picking it up . With the other balls she 'd bring them all the way back to me . She just does n't seem to enjoy carrying these as much . This is n't at all the product 's fault - just her preference . The ball itself has held up very well .
 This ball was near indestructable -LRB- unlike Tennis Balls -RRB- . My dog , Tobi , loves it . We play fetch with it -LRB- well ... sort of . . it 's more like I throw the ball , and then I have to chase Tobi to get it back -RRB- . Tobi also loved to chew on it ... and he was n't able to tear it to pieces which is WONDERFUL if you ask me . . I do n't think rubber would be good for his diet , hhhmmmm ? ; - -RRB-
 My small munsterlander dog loves her . Kong toys ? She likes to play ball daily and she ca n't destroy this ball
 It 's really bouncy and my husky seems to like it . I should of got a size smaller since it seems too big for her but she manages . I do n't see this ball getting destroyed its extremely sturdy .
 Great product , have two GSD 's and they love to fetch and chew on the way ... they have not put one puncture in this ball
 its not as indestructible as i was expecting but my dog loves it . weve had it for a fem months and its got some gouges and chunks missing from my dog chewing on it . my dog is a power chewer and can destroy just about anything .
 Dog has still not managed to destroy it ! Im thrilled ! I have a black lab so him not being able to rip it apart is very exciting .
 My dog loves the Kong red ball . The bounce is great and she ca n't destroy it . All her toys are Kong brand .
 It 's not lightweight , but it does bounce . It could do some serious damage if it were say , whipped at a flatscreen , so not my choice for my son toss around with the dog . -LRB- ROLL the ball , son , ROLL , please ! -RRB- My puppy likes to push and carry it around . It 's not his favorite ball though , those cheap petsmart tennis balls that do n't bounce very well are . I do think this will hold up well . It feel solid .
 Ordered more than one as she became depressed when she lost her ball . This is a sturdy ball and even she can not destroy it . It bounces at sharp angles if it hits roots or rocks or other things in the ground , so it 's challenging . She 's become quite good at maneuvering around and rarely misses it . It 's a great toy for an active dog .
 If your dog is a chewer , they will LOVE this ball . My dog has had his ball for 5 years ! He walks around with it everywhere . He can not destroy it ! The only toy he can not destroy . He loves playing fetch with it . It bounces high and throws nicely ! I keep his old ball around as his security blanket but he always has a nice new one to take out and throw around the yard !
 My Border Collie mix destroys balls in minutes ! This ball has lasted and he has n't even been able to get a chunk out of it ! He loved it right away and it 's one of his favorite toys . I highly recommend it for dogs who are tough on toys .
 I purchased this ball about a month ago for my hound who is a big chewer . Tennis balls and other balls I have tried only last an hour . He has n't even put a scratch in it . I love that it is red and can be easily found in the grass when playing outside .
 These are the only balls that my dog does n't destroy . She seems to like tennis balls better but she still plays with these and likes to chase them around the house because it bounces well on the tile floors .
 I have a 4.5 year old 70 LBS . Doberman Pinscher that has chewed this ball for 2 years and there is n't even 1 piece missing!I even bought 1 for a friend that has 2 Boxers that have destroyed other toys.My Dobie can go through toys , bones , and other things in weeks , if not days , but not this Kong Ball.The only other toy that has survived her teeth is the Extreme Kong.They can easily be washed in the dishwasher and are tons of fun for the dog as it bounces extremely well.I 've wasted tons of money on other toys that were just shredded in days but the money spent on this Kong Ball and Extreme Kong have been well worth it !
 + Heavy , making it easy to throw a long distance . + The right amount of bounce . You do n't want a huge amount where it will bounce over a fence or somewhere else unexpected . + Tough enough for my 45lbs . Pittbull mix . She has destroyed most other toys . She killed the Kong frisbee in a few days .
 my dogs seem to destroy every toy they have and even ingest the pieces which cause issues with their guts . this seems to be very durable and I cant see them tearing this one into pieces . would like to see a smaller one made . thank you
 My Lab/ChowChow requires a lot of attention . Lots of playtime for him . When I got him this toy , he took to it right away . He loves when it rolls around , like it 's alive . I do n't even have to be there to toss it to him . He plays with it by himself ! My dog is an agressive chewer , and when he finally `` catches '' the ball , he just lays there and chews on it . The ball also has great bounce to it . It definitely gets my dog 's attention . And it 's bright red so it 's easy to find . I would recommend this toy for any dog !
 When we got our dog - a lab - we bought all sorts of balls to play fetch with . Tennis balls got one use before he destroyed them . He would literally crush them in his mouth and rip them apart . We 've had this Kong ball for almost a month and I think it 's the best investment we 've made on a dog toy . Our dog loves this ball . We play fetch with it twice a day , he chews on it around the house , he even sleeps next to it at night . It still looks brand new ... no signs of wear at all .
 I had to write because my dog actually destroyed one of these ! It took her over a month , however , to get little chunks to start coming off , at which point we threw it away and got her a new one . It 's the best , most durable ball I 've found and she LOVES it , so I do n't mind replacing it periodically . She 's got other , even more durable chew toys -LRB- the black Kongs are REALLY tough ! -RRB- , so we 're going to use this ball for playtime from now on and not let her have unsupervised , constant access to it as a chew toy . Wish Kong made this out of their black rubber , actually ! Fortunately , my beautiful rescue dog restricts her chewing to her stuff , or I 'm sure she could destroy my house !
 We have bought every kind of ball you can imagine for our 2 year old German Shepherd . He is hardly ever without a ball in his mouth . He has destroyed every toy he has ever had . We even bought him a small radiator hose because I knew Pit Bulls liked them and could n't tear them up . Our dog did tear his up . The Kong Ball as lasted for a month so far and that is the longest any toy has lasted him . He loves it and has it in his mouth constantly and has not even been able to put a tooth mark in it . Would recommend this ball for anyone who has a big dog that likes to chew .
 Good toy , and simple to boot ! Its a very large bright red rubber ball . Most small dogs wont be able to fit their mouth around it , but i bought it for my Alaskan Malamute and she can play with it just fine.Just a word of warning though , this is the second all rubber ball i have purchased -LRB- The first was not Kong -RRB- and have had the same thing happen with both . DO NOT throw this ball directly at a hard surface that has an angle or could bounce into an angle . This is the second time i have thrown a hard rubber ball , only to have it come flying back at me and breaking my nose . $ 8 toy , plus a $ 450 doctors visit makes this the most expensive dog toy i have ever purchased . Wonderful toy , but be careful with it .
 My husband and I have spent ALOT on toys for our three dogs . It would not be so bad if we did not own a pit bull . Now our pit bull is a sweet boy , he is honestly a big wimp and scared of his own shadow :P But he does have a pretty powerful chew , and we had tried literally hundreds of different toys for him . He has a thing for balls , they are his favorite toy , however every single type of toy we had used would be broken , defeated under the pressure of his constant gnawing and chewing on them . We even tried many other types of kong products , along with several other recommended toys and balls . Finally while browsing a pet store we came across the extra strong black version of this kong ball . It dawned on us that the only thing our pit bull could n't really destroy was his treat kong . Viewing that this ball was made of similar materials we went home and looked on amazon for it . We decided to try out the basic red ball kong version . We bought it back during Christmas time for a gift for our dogs and we bought 2 . These balls are AMAZING , they continue to hold up to whatever gnawing , chewing , and play our dogs throw its way , Our pit bull LOVES them especially . He can chew on them and play with them constantly and they last . Normally if we give him a ball it is destroyed within 20 mins . These things have currently last roughly a few months , with no sign of issue . I would STRONGLY recommend this product for anyone who owners those stronger breed of dog . We feel very happy for our pets , we could never give our pit bull toys for very long , we 'd have to take them a way after a short period of time to make them last , now he can have these 24/7 whenever he wants . Our other dogs -LRB- a husky mix and a dachshund hound mix -RRB- Also enjoy these balls and have no problems playing with them ! 5 stars all around for this product ! AMAZING and WELL worth the money spent !!! We did notice it was cheaper on amazon when we purchased ours than in the pet stores , in case anyone wanted to know . This product was wonderful and we plan to buy more in the future so there are plenty around for our happy pups !
 I was looking for this exact product . I know from experiance that this ball is indestructable . This is the only toy my dogs can not chew up.Of course it get wet.Its in their mouth , do I care ? I could care less . I get more joy out of watching my guys play with these balls , I could care less if they get wet.Every night Toby hunts his ball down and sleeps with it . I already had 2 . Cesar hid one . So I got 6 more.Both of my dogs are rescue dogs and these balls are perfect for helping them learn its ok to share and its ok to let it go , becuase it will always be there . When you bring a rescue dog into your home you are often times confronted with unknown behavior problems due to neglect or abuse . Resource guarding is one I 'm dealing with now . The 7 I have now -LRB- one has gone missing for about 5 months , -RRB- make it possible to work with this problem.They dont get damaged , perfect for playing by themselves . They throw them up in the air and run after them . Toby throws it up in the air , drop in the snow , buries it , and digs it right up to start all over . It may be hard to understand how this one toy could help a dog learn to trust a human being . This one toy has made that possible . It 's indestructablity is a big reason . They can chew on it , thow it , and it bounces so they can chase it . Toby and Cesar are what would be considered big dogs . Very few toys survive more than 15 minutes . The 2 I had already have been around for about 2 years and at most you can see a few scratches on them . -LRB- Call that one , because the 2nd one has disappeared . -RRB- ******************************** UPDATE
 I have a Bull Terrier who is obsessed with playing ball . He usually destroys any toy within minutes . I have given him some irregular shaped , indestructible toys but none catch is attention like a ball . I ordered three large , solid ruber Kong balls . He has tried his best to destroy them but has not so much as even put a knick in them . They bounce great and seem to have a magic ingredient that dog 's ca n't resist . Best of all , the kong ball is by far his favorite of all toys . You ca n't go wrong with these .
 A large , heavy , and solid red rubber ball . This thing is sturdy and bounces quite well.My bull mastiff loves this ! This ball has lasted for a whole year so far , and she still loves to play fetch with it yet she somehow managed to destroy 90 % of other toys . Kong ball still going strong !
 I currently live in an apartment with my lab-mix puppy and a 2 year old black lab . The black lab loves to put holes in all the toys and tennis balls I give to my dog -- which then turns into my dog tearing at the puncture holes . I decided to buy the Kong Ball to reduce the number of tennis balls I go through . He has yet to puncture the Kong ball . Because the Kong ball is simply a rubber ball , it is a lot heavier than a tennis ball . At first it was more difficult for my dog to catch and carry over long distances . It also makes more noise when it hits the ground if you 're not on the ground level in a house/apartment . The Kong ball resembles a Lacrosse Ball in size , weight , and construction . If you play with the Kong ball on a tennis court or any hard surface , it will bounce A LOT . It 's funny to watch my dog try and jump to catch it in the air and completely miss . I do recommend this ball if you want to cut down on your dog destroying tennis balls .
 I have an 8 month old lab/heeler mix that destroys everything . I got her this ball and now she is obsessed with it . She ALWAYS has it in her mouth , and even better has not been able to destroy it .
 Only reason I gave it a 4 star is because the ball is extremely hard and it makes lots of noise when my dog drops it down the stairs to annoy me . My dog loves to chase it , chew it and I like it because it is indestructible .
 i have a 3 year old amstaff , and this is the only toy that works for her . . i 've spend a lot of money in toys that got destroyed after 5 min playing with it , until i got this ball , it 's for ever ...
 Packaged properly and shipped right away ! Our dogs love the Kong products and this ball -LRB- Med/Lg -RRB- does not disappoint ! Highly recommend !
 We have a lab and he loves this ball it bounces and he can never never chew it up . Awesome
 we got this red kong ball for our 1 yr old GS puppy on his first birthday from Amazon -LSB- best $ and delivery on the planet -RSB- a month ago and he loves it !! he routinely destroys poor quality chew toys but so far not a mark on this ` heavy ' solid Kong ball !! we highly recommend the TUFF-BALL for any serious chewers !! KONG Ball Dog Toy , Medium/Large , Red
 I got this toy for my daughter 's dog . She is 80 pounds and 10 months old . She tears most toys up , but not this one !! She loves it !
 This is the best ball my goldendoodle has ever had ! He loves it ! It 's solid rubber , which means he ca n't chew it up and he loves to chew on it . This is the 3rd one I 've bought . He loses them in the high grass and I do n't want to pick the burrs out of his hair , so I wo n't let him go in the fields to find them . I would recommend this ball to anyone !
 We have the larger size Kong ball but it was a little too big -LRB- and heavy -RRB- for our 12 week old puppy . This was the perfect size for him . He does n't get it unless he is supervised as I believe he will outgrow it in the next couple of months . However for now it is great for him to be able to have a ball to play with and chew on without us worrying about him destroying it .
 My dog is obsessed with balls , this is the only one that has lasted , most of the other brands last less then 24 hours . It has been a year and a half since I have given it to her , and its still holding up strong with lots off teeth marks :0 I would buy this if I were you .
 this is the best dog chew toy ever ! our dog will chew for hours - very , very tough toy . we have a golden retreiver/chow mix ... he absolutely loves these kong balls . they are nearly indestructable , lasting for months and months ! you cant go wrong with these things ... :--RRB- -LRB- red ones are easier to find in the yard than the black -RRB-
 I have an English Lab who love love love loves to chew , did I say loves -LRB- seriously loves to chew -RRB- . She goes through toys like they are toilet paper . This one however she has had for over 6 months . It is one of her favorites so she chews it often and has not yet been able to get a chunk off of it . All of her other Kong toys -LRB- inc. the extremes -RRB- she has gone through in under 5 minutes . Buy this one it is worth the investment . Another great one for chewers is the Galileo bone by Nylabone - this one is on month 3 and is her second favorite .
 With a 1 year old pitbull it is hard to keep a ball around for more that a couple of hours . She loves it ! the only downside is that when it bounces sometime it will hit her in the face and because it is so heavy it can hurt her . But now when we play fetch she waits until the ball stops bouncing then goes after it . HIGHLY recommended .
 I have an agressive chewing pitbull mix . Finding a toy to keep her occupied , and one that was indestructable was a challenge . This is one of her favorites . She carries it in and out of the house for us to play with . Still looks as good as when we bought it .
 I bought this Kong ball about a year ago and it 's still as new , my 70lb Weimaraner loves it , it has teeth marks but no missing chunks or anything . I 've tried other Kong toys but my dog always managed to rip them apart in a couple of hours , this one he ca n't because it does n't have any holes to put his teeth through . He can chew at it for hours and never get bored , he has fun and exercises his jaw at the same time . . If he ever destroys this one I would definitely buy it again
 Our Laborador Retriever loves this ball ! It is the only toy that can withstand her chewing . She does not play with it as much as the others , however . This is an indoor toy and quite often ends up underneath the couch . She has had it for about 3 months now and there are no signs of wear and she has not become bored with it . I think it is her favorite toy .
 This is nearly tennis ball size , maybe little larger . It is solid with no treat holes in it . Our dog has not tried to pick pieces off . It bounces too ! So far so good as a safe crate toy for our dane .
 This is the first dog toy that has survived my dog 's relentless chewing . Most toys only last a day at most . My dog loves this to chew , chase , and pounce . He takes it to bed with him . Speaking for my dog , this gets 5 woofs !
 Pro1 . Easy to purchase2 . Fast shipping3 . Insanely durable4 . Easy to clean5 . Great bounce6 . My bulldog loves itCons1 . Though the toy is n't at fault , the weight took me by surprise . A bit heavy at first , it took some getting used to .
 Anything that gets your dog exercise and time with you is something I support ! Plus this ball really works great for large dogs that may chew other kinds of balls . I have one for my own dog . For an excellent online dog training and behavioral resource check out
 This ball has a pungent rubber smell that gave me a headache , but the odor will diminish in about a week . Despite the stench I give this ball an A + , my American Bulldog has yet to destroy it . Maggie makes short work of all her toys , yet this one is still holding its own after three weeks . BZ Kong !
 This toy was given to our chocolate Lab on September and she still has not been able to rip it to shreads like she does with all other chew toys . This Kong ball is heavy , strong and bounces plenty which , is great for playing toss or fetch.Our Lab is a strong chewer and has yet to chew off even the tinyest bit from this toy . This has definitely been a great buy . We will surely buy another one when this one no longer resists her jaws . ** Edit 12/06/11 ** Toy is over a year old and still like new . We play every day a little fetch with our lab and she chews on this toy like it was bubble gum . Looks like this one is gon na be around for the long haul . Thinking about buying a Kong frisbee as well .
 The second I took this toy out of the box my dog fell in love with it . She 's a major chewer being that she 's a golden . This ball is definitely puncture proof !
 i have two canines . a german shepherd and a labrador -LRB- 95lbs but , all muscle -RRB- ... I purchase the kong ball all the time and they absolutely love it ... if your dogs are aggressive chewers like mine are , they will be able to bite off pieces of the ball but , this actually lasts alot longer than any of their other toys ...
 My dog just loves this toy , We play fetch alot and she has not come close to chewing it up and she is a heavy chewer
 My dog and I really enjoy playing with this ball ! It has a good bounce to it , however it is quite heavy and will make a lot of noise when used indoors . If you live in an apartment , definitely pass on this one -LRB- look in to the Petstages Orka ball -RRB- . This is an easy choice over a tennis ball for me , as he has a tendency to strip the fabric off of tennis balls then chew them in to pieces ... Overall , I 'm very happy with it !
 My pitbull rips toys apart in less than 20 minutes . When I gave this toy to her , she started chewing and is still chewing . She has been chewing this ball for just over a month now and she hardly even put a dent on it . If you have a aggressive chewer for a dog , I suggest this product .
 Dog loves this ball . Made of the great Kong material . Bounces great . Great toy for playing fetch with my lab .
 this works great for my pit bull mix dog , he can chew up just about any toy other than this one . I recommend it if you are tired of replacing toys in shreds ... ha
 I have a one year old mini bull terrier . He is one heck of a chewer ! I have bought several kong toys and this ball is by far his favorite . It is solid as a rock ! He loves to sit and chew on it also , no tears or holes . I can see that this ball will last for a long time ! I would recommend to others to buy this ball , especially here on Amazon . Great Price too !
 I have a White Boxer of 4 months , i bought some KONG toys and `` Bong&oacute; , my dog '' love all the Kong toys , this toy maybe is a little big for the size of the mouth of Bong&oacute; , but he does n't care and just want to chew and chew , i recommend this toy for dog of medium size ... ALL KONG TOYS ARE AMAZING ... Bong&oacute; have
 We have 4 large dogs , one being a Great Dane mix that can destroy a tennis ball or regular `` squeaky '' ball in minutes . He has met his match with the Kong ball . Nice to NOT have to pick up little pieces of plastic after a chewing session . Just wish it floated .
 This is a great dog toy -LRB- for bigger dogs -RRB- . The only reason it gets a 4 star is because it 's SO heavy . My dog is 75 lbs and whenever I throw this thing for him I worry about it crashing through a wall or hitting someone 's shin and breaking their leg . The durability is great and I think it would take a lot to destroy one so that is very beneficial for chewing dogs . However my dog does n't destroy his toys so this is n't his first choice when it 's time to play . He usually goes for a simple tennis ball . However , this ball has been great for my mom 's half lab half weimaraner since he 's a nut case . :-RRB- Simply put , if your dog destroys toys and you 're looking for durability this is the ball ! If your dog wants something bouncy and/or squeeky , this is n't the ball you want !
 My first dog , an English Bulldog was completely addicted to this ball . My second dog , German Shepard is equally addicted to it . After 6 years the ball still bounces and is in great shape . My friend had a pit bull and the kong ball did n't last . I would recommend the extreme kong ball for tougher breeds like the pit bull .
 I have a large German Shepherd and he loves the large Kong Ball . That is , the round ball listed here . They hold up well and are worth the price , in my opinion . These are fairly heavy and so not every dog will like them . But , German Shepherds love any ball . If you let them , they will chew on the ball . Tennis balls are not good because of the glue used in making them . The Kong ball is solid rubber . Besides , some dogs , like our shepherd , will `` pop '' a tennis ball within minutes . So , for a large dog , if you need a good ball for training or play , this is the one .
 Our Lab mix loves this ball . It 's very bouncy and fun to chase , and has lasted much longer than any other ball so far . -LRB- tennis ball types are popped within a day or two ... this one has lasted 5 weeks , even with her stopping to chew it during play -RRB- We 're both happy .
 Nice ball size for a larger dogs , durable and bounces high . Great for playing catch and fetch with your buddy.Worth the money for a ball that will last .
 The Kong ball and the Chuck It Ultra Balls are the most durable balls that we 've found . Our dog loves it when we put some peanut butter in the hole in the middle of the ball .
 We use to go through a tennis balls , baseballs , mini soccer balls in a day . This is the first ball that has with stood our pups chewing habits . Barely a scratch on it after a month . I bought it because of the luck we have had with their other products . Would recommend for large and x-large breeds .
 I have a pit bull who loves to play ball , unfortunately he loves to chew them as well . I must have gone through $ 100 worth of balls before I found this one . It is wonderful ; he can chew it and not even put a tooth mark in it . Highly recommended !!!!!
 Same as above . Sent to Afghanistan to my son for his K-9 partner . Good rugged toy for practice & play for these hard working dogs .
 a very good product in good condition , the characteristics are the same as described , very pleased with item , excellent quality
 This ball is ultra tough , my only concern is that it is very large . I have a Siberian husky and another smaller dog and even though they can hold it in their mouths they seem to struggle opening wide enough for it . This ball seems fitted for large dogs , .
 I have yet to see our 4 dogs -LRB- 55-100 lbs -RRB- tear one of these up . It bounces well on harder surfaces , is easy on the teeth and big enough they ca n't choke on it . It will float in salt water , but takes a while to come up so not particularly useful around the water . Our German Shepherd loves to carry it around all day . -LRB- The only toy she likes better is the Kong Frisbee which is surprisingly durable when being used for play , but not so much that you can leave it with them without it getting torn up . -RRB-
 So far , so good on this ball by Kong . I purchased this as a Christmas present for our 1 year old German Shepard that destroys everything you give her . We have gone through so many balls because of her jaw strength , as soon as she catches it and brings it back to you , its destroyed . The only toy that has withstood this dog so far is a Kong treat toy that she has been able to carry around and play with for months with no issues.If you have a dog that destroys balls , this is a great one to try . The one thing you have to realize is that this is a heavy ball . It does bounce well , but it is not as easy to throw as a tennis ball just because of its weight . My dog likes to try to catch it in the air , but I am afraid that the force and weight of the ball could break her teeth so I only allow her to catch it after it bounces.I love this toy and am grateful to not be wasting anymore money on tennis balls !!
 And it has lasted over a year . She plays with this ball every . single . day . It is well worth the small cost as I see it as not needing replacement , unless lost or stolen by other jealous dogs .
 My Dachshund destroys every ball you have until this one . It has last over a month now . Just came on to buy 3 more because my Standard poodles love it too . The Dachshund `` Rudy '' kills everything in sight as far as toys go . This has held up.Love it .
 I 've had this product for a while now and It is one of the best balls out there . It is very bouncy and hard , so make sure not to throw it at something you do n't want to damage . It can chewing like a pro ! My dog is an aggressive chewer . Tennis balls last about a day with him . This ball has lasted for months and he still loves playing with it.If you are looking to use this with the chuck it , I think this ball will only work with the large size chuck it , not the medium . I 'll try again and see .
 my dog adores this toy but when I got it , the packaging on the toy was crunched and the ball had dirt marks and scuffs all over it as if it were used , kinda weird . Oh well my dog is n't picky .
 WE went through several balls/toys for an `` extreme chewer '' - some specifically naming the Amstaff breed , and all were destroyed within 48 hours before finding the kong ball . We got this for our bully when she was about 5 months old . She 's 8 months old now and she still has it . It has little puncture marks as she noms it with her I-teeth like she 's still teething but no pieces are missing at all . She loves it . It was the best $ 8.00 I 've spent out of hundreds -LRB- so far -RRB- . Well worth it and it 's living up to its claim for an extreme chewer.Very , very satisfied.Update :1 / 13We still have it . She still loves it . The only `` bad '' thing about it is how heavy it is being a solid chuck o ' rubber , so no playing ball in the house -LRB- - oh , and watch your toes . -RRB- Pibble has her Wilson tennis balls for that and she LOVES those even more than her Kong ball .
 Thanks ... Fast shipping . I have a great Pyreneess that has jaws of a vice ... he tears up all his toys he will have fun trying with this one . Kong toys never fail to impress me .
 My 1-year-old Lab can destroy almost any toy within minutes , but he has not damaged this ball at all ! We 've had it for months , and there are absolutely no signs of wear on it . Even his red Kong has chunks out , but not this ball ! The one thing I do n't like about it is its weight . It is not a good toy for throwing in the house , but I can roll it or kick it or let him play with it on his own . He can even have it during the day when he is home alone . I highly recommend this toy for a doggy who can chew through almost anything else !
 Excellent toy for a dog . Easy to clean , does n't get destroyed.Apartment dwellers beware - it 's heavy and very bouncy , so it may break things , and makes quite some noise when jumping on the floor . We keep it for outdoors strictly .
 Is an excellent product because is indestructible . The size large is excellent for big dogs
 This is the first ball I have seen that is able to stand up to our dogs jaws of destruction . Usually , our dog will have chomped through his ball in a matter of throws and then proceeds to destory it . Not with this ball ! He 's had it for over a week and still no signs of it breaking down . It is larger than a tennis ball , and gets really slippery so the dog has to focus more effort on carrying the ball , instead of chomping on it . It is also super bouncy and is great for bouncing off things or hitting with a bat . As I said it gets slippery though , so we took an old work glove and dedicated it to use for throwing.All in all this was a great purchase . Our dog is getting tons of exercise because for once he 's got an actual ball he wants us to throw , not the shredded remains of a tennis ball . Great purchase and will buy again if he somehow destroys it .
 Finally , Finally , I 've found a ball that my dog ca n't destroy !! HURAAY !! Keeping in mind , my dog , Barney , part Retriever/doberman , had destroyed tennis balls , soccer balls , footballs even a baseball . The kong ball is amazing ! It 's perfect for his size , not too big or too small . Since he has n't devoured it , it 's become his favorite new toy now . Everytime he goes outside he runs and gets the ball , brings it to me to throw and has a blast with it . The ball also bounces on hard surfaces , so that makes it fun and engaging for him too.Overall , I wish I had found this months ago . I 'm am completely satisfied and so is Barney ! Thank you KONG !!
 My bull terrier 's game of choice is destroy and scatter . It usually takes him less than 1 minute to render any toy useless , except for his Kong ball . No matter how hard he tries he ca n't seem to break this ball . He is no light chewer - he chews the metal bars right off of his crate ! If you got a dog with a powerful bite and intense need to ruin any toy - this ball is for you !
 My Australian Shepard loves the Kong ball , plays with it endlessly . It 's great for the rainy Wa . weather , does n't get soggy outdoors like tennis balls or other fabric type toys . When she brings it in , it 's easy to clean off the mud and needles !!
 I love it because it is durable ... Rufus loves it because it is very bouncy . Great toy !!!
 This product is great and so is the Amazon price for it!Our dogs seem to love the taste of this product even though it smells very minty and fresh . We 'd tried other products that did n't smell as good or give the result that this one does.One of our dogs had very bad plaque build-up when we got her -LRB- her teeth looked like she had never chewed on anything hard in her one year of life -RRB- and the vet was recommending teeth cleaning . We were already using this product on our other dog and we 'd had him since he was a puppy , so we decided to try this first . After about the second week of brushing -LRB- brushing twice a week -RRB- we could see a dramatic difference in the condition of her teeth and after about six months , her teeth were white and shiny and her gums were healthy . She no longer needed to have her teeth cleaned ! We discovered that she wanted to chew on hard toys and bones because her mouth finally felt good enough to do so . This product is truly remarkable !
 It 's not easy to brush my dog 's teeth , because he absolutely detests the task ... but this paste has made it a bit easier , because he likes the taste . He 's so busy trying to lick the paste that he lets me brush his teeth .
 I received this product on time and my dog loves it . I could n't find the herbal toothpaste for dogs in any stores so I was happy to see it here . The product is great and my dog loves it.I am completely content with my purchase . Thanks
 When our dogs see us brushing our teeth each night , they know they 're next and usually strike gloomy faces . But when we got this toothpaste , they could n't wait to have their teeth brushed . While we were n't looking , they would try to steal this toothpaste and growl at each other in competition for possession.Not only do they love the flavor , this toothpaste did a really nice job in cleaning their teeth . We usually get our dog toothpastes from Foster & Smith when we order their vitamins twice a year , but this is our first choice when we just need a toothpaste quickly -LRB- we have Prime -RRB- . Furthermore , I decided to order this product because it is made in the USA . -LRB- I have reservations about ordering toothpaste that is made in China , so I emailed customer service to find out the country of origin before ordering . -RRB-
 My dog wags his tail when I get the toothbrush out so he must like the mint flavor . I 've heard mixed reviews about animal flavored toothpaste so I decided to go with mint and seems I made the right choice . You only need a small amount on the toothbrush , even for large dogs , so one tube will last a while .
 Our Yorkie absolutely loves Denta Clean Herbal Pet Tooth Paste . We ran out and bought another brand because our pet store was out . Big mistake - dog did n't like . Went back & bought another brand - & same result . She was so happy when we started using Denta Clean again . She can actually brush her own teeth she likes it so much ! Highly recommend !!!
 I ca n't tell how good it works because my dog does n't particularly like it . So I 'm giving the product the benefit of the doubt with four stars . It does n't smell like something a dog would like . I have ordered some meat flavored toothpaste .
 I have a Newfy and he cant get enough of this toothpaste . I liked that it is natural and it leaves his breath minty fresh . My German shorthair prefers the chicken flavor .
 We like to take our shih-tzu with us on long car trips , when I say long , I 'm talking about 11-12 hrs/day in the car . Our little guy gets nervous about noises . You know those strips on the highway that make the strangest noise if you drive on them , in some cases I think they 're to alert the driver that he 's going off the road , other times they 're used when you need to slow down at toll booths . That sound causes our nervous tzu to frantically jump up in someone 's lap ... every time . He also likes to be held when he 's in the car , & has a hard time getting to sleep . Not only is he in someone 's lap the entire car trip , he 's constantly fidgeting . He wo n't sleep on the floor - we think because of the road noise . He wo n't sleep on a seat - no idea why . I 'm tired of holding him ... I 'd rather read or crochet . So I purchased the D.A.P. spray & used it on his bed a sprayed it throughout the van . Well , I might 've sprayed a little too much because he slept for 4 hrs . straight.I also tried it the last time I groomed him ... it did n't work so good that day . I 'll try again & update my review if I have more success with D.A.P. spray for grooming him .
 I bring my 3 month old Silky Terrier to work with me every day . In the mornings , he barks and cries the entire ride to work . This morning , about 15 minutes before we left home , I sprayed about 8 sprays in his travel crate . On the way to work , he still barked a couple times and whimpered , but for the most part he was calm and quiet . I wo n't leave home without it again . This stuff really does work . It is expensive , but worth keeping him calm for our ride to work every day . I highly recommend this product .
 The best product I 've seen so far to help against bad dog behavior ! Really works ! My friends and family have seen a difference !
 Spraying on the collar of my dog , helps with his anxiety , he is much more relaxed around others . This product was originally recommended by our vet , and is wonderful !! Highly recommend it Great Product
 This seems to work most of the time when my dog is upset or stressed because of noise or something , but it does n't quite work when he is really shook up , like when fireworks go off . It 's pretty hard to find anything that calms him down in that situation , but so far this product seems to work the best for most other situations .
 excellent product , when i leaved my dog used to be so sad , now he stays calms withou making any damage
 I used this product in conjuction with the DAP collar , I can see that my dog is much calmer and manageble during thunderstorm which is the reason why I get this product . It doesnt eliminate the fear of thunder but it does help my dog be calmer which is good enough . This spray is also more economical and use as necessary , it will last for a long time
 I used this product and was able to skip the medications for my frightened dog on New Years Eve . I would rather not medicate him but he is so frightened by fireworks , I had to do something ... until I found the DAP spray . I used the recommened pumps of spray and it worked great . He was calm and stayed next to me during the fireworks . I highly reccommend this product . I have also used DAP collar , but found , for my dog , this worked better .
 I 'm very pleased with my purchase of DAP . It was shipped very quickly . Like everything else , it works for some dogs and not for others . I got it to see if it would make grooming more excitable , anxious dogs easier . It did for the most part . I sprayed it on my smock and refreshed it every 3 hours . All of the dogs were very interested in sniffing where I sprayed the DAP . Most of them calmed down right away , with one nearly falling asleep . One or two remained anxious . All in all I rate this product highly but do caution that it just wo n't make a difference with some dogs .
 I was skeptical that this product would work for my foster dog , who became very anxious and fearful in a moving car . I was determined to help him get over his fear , knowing this would help him find his forever home . I tried this product at the suggestion of a dog trainer , knowing it does not work for some dogs.The dog regularly screams and cries in the car . I have taken him in the car twice since I bought the product , and also gave him a chew to play with in conjunction with the spray . I was dumbfounded that he was calm as could be , with not a peep uttered during both car rides . I actually had to stop and check that he was actually in the back of the car , he was that quiet . I had tried the chews alone before , and while he was better , the spray seemed to really do the trick.This sweet little Brittany will be going to visit a prospective new home this weekend . The new family expressed concern about his car behavior , but I now will be able to tell them honestly that the dog has gone from D-car behavior to an A + , and will recommend they utilize the DAP spray.Postscript
 We got it for our dog -LRB- a beagle puppy -RRB- and he definitely responded to it . I was doubtful , so I was surprised by how noticeable his response was . He , like many dogs , has separation anxiety . This was , I think , partly from being crated too much by his previous owner and partly because he 's a beagle and a dog . We found that spraying it on the bedding in his crate helped him -- he seemed calmer . We also sprayed it on his beds to help him settle during the day . I do n't work outside the home , so crating is not a daily thing so I do n't know how this would work on a daily basis.Mind you , I do n't think it 's a magic bullet -- although it seemed to help him settle I do n't think it would turn a red zone dog with serious aggression problems into Lassie.Things to know
 My 11-year old -LRB- soon to be 12 -RRB- Bernese Mtn Dog/Retriever Mix was showing some disturbing new behaviors : waking me in the middle of the night -LRB- several times -RRB- extreme panting -LRB- stress panting -RRB- very very clingylagging behind on our nightly walksStance and body language different/depressedAfter much time spent on the internet researching and consultation with her vet it was determined that these new behaviors were caused by her aging . He recommended trying D.A.P. for her by CEVA . I decided to give it a try ... to see if it would work for her . I chose to try the spray . As with all this type of supplement , it works for some dogs and not for others . Going with the spray seemed the most economical ... . I could use it when needed ... on the nights when my girl was exhibiting stressed behavior . -LRB- Along with this I had come across a couple of promising testimonials for a supplement called Senilife . It was also by CEVA . -RRB- I used this spray right away after receiving it . Before bedtime , I sprayed her bed and other areas that she trades off during the night . It really seemed to help . During the first week she woke me up once but when I told her to go ` lay down ' she was able to do so and settle herself back to sleep . This was a big improvement from the week before!This along with the Senilife XL have made an amazing difference in my girl.She is no longer waking me in the middle of the night.She is no longer doing the extreme panting.Needless to say , I 'm thrilled . I know that this makes her feel more secure and comfortable . I now believe in it so much that I decided to purchase it in the Diffuser variation . As soon as I plugged it into the wall , she laid on her bed , touched her nose to it , and then laid her head down and heaved a huge relaxing sigh . That said it ALL for me!Thanks CEVA ! and Amazon for offering them at an affordable price .
 My dog gets so excited in the presence of other dogs that he has trouble thinking . I wanted to take him to a class and I was worried that he would n't learn anything . The instructor recommended this product and I was amazed at the difference . He was still excited and happy to see all the dogs in the class , but he showed it by wagging his tail really fast , not by jumping on me or pulling on the leash or whining to go play with them constantly .
 I replaced my entire HVAC system a few weeks ago . After the work was completed , my 3 1/2 year old Shiba Inu was completely anxiety stricken because of the new noises the unit was making . He stopped eating , was hiding under the bed on a regular basis and jumped at every noise he heard . The other night he started shaking + trembling very badly and I knew I had to do something fast . Someone suggested this product and I immediately bought it . I plugged the unit in and INSTANTLY noticed a difference . My Shiba sniffed the air , jumped ON the bed -LRB- did n't go under it -RRB- and slept for 3 hours straight.This morning , he went downstairs and ate his food without having to be coaxed . You definitely can see a huge change in his entire demeanor.I highly recommend this product for anxiety stricken dogs . It 's truly an amazing product .
 I tried this product it has helped with my dogs licking . He has slacked off a little .
 Our friend 's dog Charlie always loved to come over and hang out in our garden - until last 4th of July . People were shooting off fireworks all over the neighborhood , and he got so terrified from the lights and the noise , eventually we had to take him inside . After that day , every time he 'd come into our garden , he 'd tremble and cower with his tail between his legs . I hoped that the DAP spray would help , and I was not disappointed . I sprayed a little around the patio , and he instantly went to it and smelled deeply . Then he laid down near it , and relaxed the whole evening ! No more cowering , no more trembling , no more stress . Wonderful stuff , highly recommended !
 This stuff totally works . I purchased it on a whim hoping that it would help my dog in the car . She has a problem with drooling then puking and so far we 've stopped the puking part . By applying a few squirts to a bandana then waiting a few minutes it 's obvious that the product takes hold . I 've jokingly started calling it `` doggie dope '' because after a little bit she 's noticeably calmer and almost sedated making it much easier to transport her . She still drools , but hopefully with time we 'll have that tackled too .
 My poor dog Chuck suffers from several noise anxiety issues and other behavioral issues . My vet suggested that I try theD.A.P . -LRB- Dog Appeasing Pheromone -RRB- Collar for Puppies and Small Dogs - 15 `` first -LRB- I also added theDAP Dog Appeasing Pheromone Electric Diffuser -LRB- 48 mL -RRB- -RRB- , before moving onto Prozac . There were several issues I needed to address .1 . I have set the the fire alarm off on a few occasions while cooking , so now when ever I cook , Chuck becomes nervous and scared up to the point where he is panting and shaking like a vibrator . He usually exits the house through the dog door .2 . If our power goes off he instantly begins shaking and panting .3 . He has developed an issue with the dog door , it takes multiple tries before he makes it through .4 . He recently started urinating on the carpet , instead of going outside .5 . He has restless sleep at night.Well as soon as I started using the D.A.P collar , I saw immediate improvement . Chuck has yet to start panting or shaking like he used to when I am cooking . The situation with the dog door has improved . He has yet to urinate on the carpet . He now sleeps the whole night through . On a couple of occasions while sleeping , I have heard him suckling . It has not cure him , but it has taken a lot of the edge off.I have also added the diffuser and spray . This maybe overkill . I have been using the spray on the dogs sleeping area .
 I ordered the D.A.P. and received it almost immediately . I was disappointed to notice that I had been charged for an item that I was supposed to receive free and that about 20 % of the product in the bottle of D.A.P. was missing . I wanted the seller to remove the charge for the free product and give me a coupon for a percentage off my next purchase . I contacted the seller , and they responded immediately , offering to do even more than I asked . They refunded the free item and also refunded 20 % to cover the missing product . Not only that , I received notification of the refund shortly after . I could not be more pleased with their service . I would give them 10 stars for service!So far I have not noticed a change in my dog from using the D.A.P. , but I 'm going to give it more time than this . I have not even had the product a whole day yet and have only used it once . One thing is certain , though . If this seller ever has any other products that I am interested in trying , I will not hesitate to order , because I know they will ensure my satisfaction . Highly recommend seller . I wish all sellers took care of their customers like this . I am very impressed .
 We have a 17-year-old Pompoo who has become deaf , blind , and arthritic in his lower spine and hips . I discovered DAP a little over a year ago and now I swear by it . It calms the dog and stops his pacing and heavy panting . I spray it on his bed and surrounding area and it helps him calm down , relax , and get true rest when he sleeps . I am thrilled to have found a product that makes his life easier at this time and I feel better knowing I am giving him relief . I would definitely recommend DAP to any dog owner and lover .
 I think I would see more improvement if my husband would let me use it everyday but he complains I 'm druging the dog ! Anyway from what I 've read it either will work for your dog or have no effect at all , so I 'll keep using it and hope for even more improvement in the long run .
 I recommend this product to anyone who has an anxiety dog . I use this mainly for car rides for my 10 pound Yorkie . Before i had this i wanted to pull my hair out with his whining and panting . I spray this on his bandana 10 minutes before i 'm ready to go . I put it on him and when we go in then car he actually lays down in his crate which he never did before . It works wonders for us and also helps with Fireworks and Thunderstorms . With that he still gets a little nervous but he actually lays down beside me instead of pacing back and forth and trying to hide . My dog suffers from noise anxiety as well so this helps . Other than that all is well . I highly recommend this product . Although all dogs are different it seems to work with most .
 I ordered this spray on the recommendation of my veterinarian in an effort to calm my anxiety-ridden four-year-old poodle . I received the product quickly ; however , the top of the spray bottle had come off and a small bit of the liquid had leaked in the package.To use , I spray eight to ten times on a cloth bandana , then tie it on my dog fifteen minutes before taking him out for walks or the dog park . For the most part , it has calmed the dog a bit . The spray should last up to two hours or so . The dog still gets upset at his worst triggers -LRB- i.e. , large dogs , joggers and anyone on a skateboard -RRB- but he has quieted considerably around smaller dogs , children and cement front-yard animals . He is now leaving my side to explore throughout the dog park , something he never used to do . I still have most of the bottle left and will probably renew.I 'd say that if you have an anxious pet , it is worth giving this spray a try . The price is nearly half of what the veterinarian 's office was charging .
 this product has helped my dog get adjusted in his crate . . it only takes a couple of sprays and he walks right in and enjoys his time
 Took a road trip to Florida a 21 hour ride and used the spray on our dogs travel gear.She rested easy and ate well and played well . On a past trip she was very antsy and uneasy about everything . What a change . D.A.P. Dog Pheromone Spray was well worth the price .
 This product was deliver in a timely manner and it was much cheaper than buying it in the pet store in my area . Was very happy with the whole experience .
 This product was reccommended by my groomer . She has a 17 year old dog that is blind and deaf . She sprays a bandanna with Dap and he is calm at night . I used it on my 1 year old cocker Rocco who is fearful in the car . I sprayed a bath towel waited 15 minutes and away we went to the vet . For the first time Rocco just sat in the seat with no whining or panting . Same thing on the ride home . I 've used it twice with the same results . It worked for Rocco !
 I bought this after our dog trainer recommended it . Our Husky/Shep mix is a little high strung and scared of anything moved or new in the house . I was hoping it would help her with some of her stress . I sprayed it on her bed and all I smelt was alcohol . I did n't expect it to do much.All the dogs were half asleep within 15 minutes . I decided to pull out the EVIL vacuum cleaner . Normally the sight of the vacuum would send Sadie into a panic and running for cover . She still left the room but she did not seem stressed . She moved out of the room the same way I would have moved out of a room after a relaxing yoga session.I do n't know if works for all dogs but it did help mine . I gave it five stars .
 This product is very good . Some people are using it for the wrong reasons like training issues . It is not a training solution . It does help with anxiety issues . My red nose pit bull is mild to moderate in separation anxiety . Usually he is not destructive but always defalcates and urinates within 10 minutes of being left alone . So far this product has allowed him to relax and sleep when I leave . It may not work for all dogs but it works for this dog . I plan to use the diffuser this weekend and will post a review soon . The spray seems to be good for about 4 hours but it is a very good 4 hours .
 My poor dog Chuck suffers from several noise anxiety issues and other behavioral issues . My vet suggested that I try theD.A.P . -LRB- Dog Appeasing Pheromone -RRB- Collar for Puppies and Small Dogs - 15 `` first -LRB- I also added theDAP Dog Appeasing Pheromone Electric Diffuser -LRB- 48 mL -RRB- -RRB- , before moving onto Prozac . There were several issues I needed to address .1 . I have set the the fire alarm off on a few occasions while cooking , so now when ever I cook , Chuck becomes nervous and scared up to the point where he is panting and shaking like a vibrator . He usually exits the house through the dog door .2 . If our power goes off he instantly begins shaking and panting .3 . He has developed an issue with the dog door , it takes multiple tries before he makes it through .4 . He recently started urinating on the carpet , instead of going outside .5 . He has restless sleep at night.Well as soon as I started using the D.A.P collar , I saw immediate improvement . Chuck has yet to start panting or shaking like he used to when I am cooking . The situation with the dog door has improved . He has yet to urinate on the carpet . He now sleeps the whole night through . On a couple of occasions while sleeping , I have heard him suckling . It has not cure him , but it has taken a lot of the edge off.I have also added the diffuser and spray . This maybe overkill . I have been using the spray on the dogs sleeping area .
 So , there is a lot of hype in veterinary medicine about Feliway and DAP and some of these hormones for behavior modification . People either love it or hate it.I , for one , am a lover ! One of my 3 dogs is terrified of thunderstorms . She freaks out , shakes , drools , sometimes gets on and off the bed , and sometimes hides behind things -LRB- toilets , washer , dryer , whatever -RRB- . Most importantly , she will frequently sit very close to my head when this happens at time and keep me awake . In desperation , I tried the DAP Diffuser and spray . Well , it worked . My dog is still certainly still very scared , but she does n't drool and does n't do all these annoying things next to my head , i.e. I get to sleep!Bottom line , though , is that it is doing to be dog specific . I recommended it to a co-worker and she got good results , too . It 's $ 20 and it might work . For most people , that 's a reasonable investment . If it does n't , you 're only out $ 20 . Try it !!!
 A friend gave me a sample of this to try with my 3 month old french bulldog puppy . We started last week trying to get her to sleep in a room by herself at night and she would cry and howl and whimper ALL night long for us . This went on for a week until we used this spray , we thought she would get used to being alone and learn to calm herself down eventually , no such luck . We had her sleeping in her crate in our room by the bed for the first month , taking her out avery few hours to pee , she would sleep fine if she could see you & touch your fingers thru the gate but we were getting no sleep . During the days she sticks to me like glue and is only happy sleeping in my lap and definitely has separation anxiety and startles/barks at noises . The first night I sprayed her bedding with this , she cried for 5 minutes then went right to sleep but rushed out of bed and ran to the door frantically to see me in the morning . The next night , no crying at all and when I came in the room , she just lay in her bed happily and turned over for a belly rub !!! She is also calmer and more independent during the day . I have to say it seems to be working wonderfully , I would say her anxiety level has dropped 75 % in just 2 days , and we can sleep at night ! I 'm ordering a full bottle right now !!!!
 This spray works great . I spray a few pumps onto my dogs bandamma and he settles down from his anxiety attacks . It doe have a strong alcohol odor at first so I just air it out until the smell dissipates then put the bandanna on him .
 The D.A.P. Spray does help keep my Manchester Terrier calm while riding in the car . That 's the good news . The other news is that it only seems to effect him for a few minutes . I 've also tried the collars . Same issue - does work as advertised but not for the extended time that is hoped for .
 I , ve used DAP with several dogs , both my own and those for whom I am providing training . These are dogs that become distressed and anxious in certain situations . I use the spray and put it on kercheifs for the dogs to wear during these stressful times . It does n't work for all dogs , but for those that it does help , it is amazing how quickly they calm down . Then they can be comfortable in the situation , whether it is a training class , meeting strangers , a thunderstorm , fireworks , or something else .
 I got this , b/c for a few months , i was using the flashlight to play with her and she would go crazy for that . So , i ordered the laser pet toy b/c people always told me that cats love the laser lights . She got it for christmas , and as soon as i opened it and had it going , she was going too . She ran out of breath playing with it . She looked like she was even smiling for a moment , it was crazy . anyone who has a cat , get this toy , they will love it .
 Great Item , fast shipping ! The kids are playing with the pets alot more with this pointer around . FUN for for the whole family !
 Laser light has been a great entertainment for my cats . Pricing was very reasonable and is something we use weekly with the cats .
 Compact , small light gives off some heat for Betta . I bought 10 to give to each of my grandchildren . So far have kept all . I set up 4 for display . The light is flashlight size and replaceable . Comes with 2 lights . The light is adjustable gooseneck design . Bowl is smaller than I had imagined , but enough room for a small betta .
 My birds seem to eat the food well enough just did n't appreciate the bag not getting pack correctly so when I received it . It was litterly all over everything else in the order not to mention my supply was mainly wasted . Amazon did make it right . But still it should not have happen . the price was cheaper at the time but I found with shipping its not a great deal .
 this is an excellent product and a good price . baby birds need this at least 3 times a week for good groeth and to wean . too high in protein to use daily .
 My terrier loves these little treats and they stop his whining without packing a lot of fat on his already stout little body . You ca n't get much higher praise than that .
 I was looking for a yellow collar , but did n't want anything in a shade that was too bright or neon . This fit the bill perfectly ! I 'd say the color is banana yellow . It does start to look dirty pretty quickly -LRB- especially if your dog likes to roll in the dirt ! -RRB- , but it washes easily in the washer . Great buy for me !
 I started using this recently and my parakeets love it . They have been extra energetic and cheerful since I started them on this food . I will certainly use it in future .
 I 'm still using this food for my birds . . I bought 5 bags of the stuff and it was shipped quickly.I found mixing it with other brands works well to keep my parakeets happy -LRB- switching up their diet a bit -RRB- . They spend most of their time outdoors now days .
 I have a 40 pound basset/beagle mix who is n't always the most well-behaved when on leash . Before this leash I found that when I 'd try to correct him during our walks , my hand would slide or I would get chaffing from the leash rubbing across my hand . With the gripper slide on this leash it does n't happen any more and I feel like I have even more control over him than before . The gripper is a silicone type material , not some cheap , hard plastic and it feels comfortable in your hand . The leash is well constructed with a nice heavy duty-feeling clasp . A great product that I would recommend to anyone with a younger pup like mine !
 I have an elderly English Springer Spaniel and he is absolutely CRAZZZZZZY for the celery pegetables !! He loves the carrot & corn a lot but the celery for some reason he practically snatches it right out of my hand ... these are really a great product and I highly recommend them for not only their very cool look but they are very nutritious and every dog we have shared these with loves them too !
 I was looking for a yellow collar , but did n't want anything in a shade that was too bright or neon . This fit the bill perfectly ! I 'd say the color is banana yellow . It does start to look dirty pretty quickly -LRB- especially if your dog likes to roll in the dirt ! -RRB- , but it washes easily in the washer . Great buy for me !
 Makes it easy to scoop up even the stuff that sticks at the bottom of the pan .
 I clean 10 , yes , 10 litter boxes each and every day , and this scooper is FAR SUPERIOR to anything on the market . It has the ability to pick up small pieces of litter in addition to the `` normal '' stuff . It is a bit bigger and heavier than a regular scoop , but it 's worth it .
 I absolutely love this scooper . I have 4 cats of my own and right now I have 5 foster cats . I clean all the pans twice daily . I 've tried many different kinds of scoops and always wound up spending way too much time trying to pick out those tiny pieces . But with this scooper , it makes my job SO much easier . However , I agree with the reviewer who mentioned 9th grade physics . It is designed to pick up more clumps at a single pass , which of course , is heavier . The first one I had , the handle broke . I learned my lesson the second time , so this one has lasted.You do n't have to sift the clumped litter-in order to catch those tiny pieces , I just gently rock it back and forth . Works great . One other note to mention as well-with the one I 'm using now , the screen came out on one of the edges , but I just popped it back into place . It has n't happened again .
 This is the best litter scoop I have ever had . It 's bigger than the usual scoops and has a rubber grip strip on each side of the handle . It 's great for my hands since I have arthritis . It 's made very well also . It wonderful for getting all the way under the clumps stuck on the bottom of the pan . Wo n't have to replace this scoop any time soon .
 Has a nice heft to it and a large shovel part . I was hoping it would not allow the very small pieces to slip back through , but it does.Still , it is a quality scooper .
 The only thing I wish is the wire could be smaller . Great product and glad I bought it .
 I have been looking for a scooper that would take out the little clumps for a long time . I actually almost bought a strainer from the kitchen store to do so . This was the only scooper I could find that had grating that would do the job , so I 'm happy with the product.I was worried about the handle breaking from reading all of the other reviews , and once using the scooper , I realized why this might be true . It comes with a longer handle to keep your hands away from the litter . The problem is that the scoop is deep plus the grating is smaller than typical scoops , which causes you to lift up a heavier amount of litter . Bringing you back to 9th grade physics , the torque has now increased with the longer handle and heavier weight . After time the medium-weight plastic will undoubtedly break.I could feel the amount of pressure on the handle and was worried from the start . To combat this , I simply choke up a little on the handle , hence reducing the radius and reducing the amount of torque on the handle . At that position my hand is still as far away from the litter as other scoopers and the scoop is built deep , so it does n't spill over.I did n't give it 5 stars because they could have made the perfect scoop if the handle was stronger or reinforced with metal . The scoop 's smaller grating is a must to keep the litter `` clean-er '' -LRB- I was worried because my wife just got pregnant -RRB- , but just know that you 'll be scooping up more and it 'll take longer for the litter to shift down past the grating . What does help is that the larger grating is in the back . I picture myself panning a river for gold , but in the end ... it 's still poop .
 I have 4 cats of my own , and I also foster cats from the local humane society , so I am very particular about litter scoops that work well and do n't break easily . I ordered 2 Scoopwells and I must say that I am impressed . The scoop is sturdy and well-constructed , and it does an excellent job . I will be telling my friends at the cat shelter about it !
 We had been looking for a litter box scoop for some time that would pick up `` ALL '' of the used litter . With a three cat household it was important to keep the litter box clean on a daily basis . This scoop does the trick ! Apart from cleaning the litter box completely , it is quite study with a long handle . -LRB- On a final side note
 I think this is a good scoop , although it 's not the perfect scoop . I like that the screen is smaller than most scoops , and can get smaller clumps that others leave . In fact , it has 2 sizes of screens . But the overall size is just a little too large and bulky . The plastic scoop handle bends when you fill it with litter , and feels as though it might break .
 Scoopwell is the best scoop I 've ever used because it picks up even the tiniest pieces . Unfortunately my handle snapped off last night after only five months . Maybe five months is considered a long time in the scoop world but I think it 's too soon for what it cost -LRB- I paid more at another site which is why I 'm purchasing this one at Amazon -RRB- . Yes , I 'm even surprising myself by getting another but it really is the best . If the design has n't changed to make the handle stronger I 'll just use it as a second scoop for the fine tuning and leave the initial scooping to a metal scoop .
 Great scooper - it picks up even the smallest pieces of litter my three cats can leave , and is ergonomically shaped . Like some other posters , I too wish it were a little more durable in its construction .
 Seriously , get this scoop . It 's comfortable and wo n't break and picks up the cat poop really well -- and I have multiple cats .
 This scoop does have it 's benefits . It works best for cats who urine on top of the clumping litter . I have a cat that has to dig all the way to the bottom of the box before urinating , then push mountain of litter on top of it . For him , the metal edge for scraping is nice BUT , the handle does feel weak and the scoop holds a lot of litter which also contributes to the strain on the handle . The metal mesh is nice for straining the clumps , though it does require some shaking to sift the litter through the mesh . It would be the perfect litter scoop if I did n't have Norman , digging to China just to urinate !
 I read all the reviews about broken handles and bought this scoop anyway . I 'm glad I did because it 's the best litter box scoop I 've ever used . I have six cats and scoop four litter boxes daily , sometimes more than once . Yes , yesterday the handle finally broke off ! But after using it for more than a year , I 'm getting another one today because , for the price , it 's well worth it and still the best one out there .
 It 's not a shovel . I broke two trying to push it through 3-4 inches of clumping litter . I love the grate , it gets bits the others ca n't . Metal blade cleans the bottom of the pan nicely .
 I have six litter boxes and this scoop works really well especially at getting the smaller clumps . The only flaw is a weak handle . Even though I have broken several , I still recommend it . I hope the manufacturer re designs the handle .
 The cheap plastic scoops tend to break , this one is metal and very substantial ... wo n't break under heavy use -LRB- 3 cats ! -RRB- .
 It is a strong product , but it is greater than I have supposed . Unfortunately , it is very large to my cat litter box ... Maybe it would be good when you have more than one cat at home and a big cat litter box too .
 This is a big scoop ; could be the reason some people have trouble with the handle breaking . It 's front-heavy . But if you 'll place your hand right at the base of the scoop when you use it , the handle does n't break . AND , the edge of the scoop is sharp enough to really clean off the bottom of the litter box - I have n't seen another scoop that does that .
 So far I am enjoying using it -- HA . It is working well for me . I have not had it long enough to have the problems other mentioned of the handle breaking . I have different scoops for all my different boxes .
 I have a smallish condo so only have 1 litter box for my 2 male cats -- and walking in to the condo you would never know I have cats . I scoop at least 2 times a day . The ScoopWell Premium Litter scoop does a fantastic job ! I have had it now for 10 months and I have had absolutely no problems whatsoever . Since it does a great job of getting everything , I do n't use -LRB- waste -RRB- as much litter . Even when removing litter that has gotten stuck to the bottom of the litter box , I have had no problems with this scoop . -LRB- I also `` choke up '' on the handle to avoid the possibility of it breaking per Phillip 's review . -RRB- Hoping to get one for a family member if they are still available !
 I like this scoop a lot . It has really tiny holes in the front of the mesh and bigger holes in the back , so you scoop up all the bits that need to be scooped , and nothing else . But it breaks , usually after about 6-8 months of use . It 's either the handle , or the bit of plastic on the front that you scrape with . I 've been through 4 of these in the last year or two -LRB- for two separate litter boxes -RRB- . That 's why I 'm astounded that Amazon raised the price from just under $ 12 -LRB- which I paid in October -RRB- to nearly double , at $ 22 . If I 'm gon na lay out that kinda dough , I want it to be indestructible . Sorry , Amazon - not cool .
 It would be perfect if this scoop came with a stand , however , I have been able to use it with the `` Booda Scoop & Hide '' stand which I have had for years . It is too large for the stand , however , I can still place it in the stand which has to remain open . I like the larger scoop size , the screen opening and longer handle .
 i love this scoop , but as most of the buyers has stated , the handle is not strong enough . what i did to try to reinforce the handle , was to slip a hot water pipe wrap on it which allows me to grasp the handle better also .
 I read the reviews before this purchase , so I hold the scoop toward the bottom . I can see the seam where the scoop can break if held high on the handle or if scooping tons of litter at one time . The small grate of the scoop is the best for the tiny clumps other scoops not do remove . I want this scoop to last , so I use three instruments for cleaning the litter box . I start with a cheap plastic putty knife to scrap the bottom of the litter box , then I use a regular cheap scoop and this scoop I use a couple of times a week to remove the fine clumps . Seems like a lot of work , but it keeps the boxes nice and clean . I have four cats and six litter boxes . I keep the scoops in a plastice container . I am happy with the scoop .
 Great product with nice LONG handle and two sizes of mesh in scoop . Wish the mesh in the front -LRB- toward the outer edge -RRB- was a little `` finer , '' but works very well ----- MUCH better than traditional ones sold in stores .
 I like having the choice of hole size ... larger holes for bigger pieces and smaller holes for smaller pieces . The smaller pieces can be scooped and held in front of the Scoop ; in this way , they do not fall through the larger holes that are at the back of the scoop . The blade at the edge goes through the litter with ease , and the size of the scoop holds quite a bit . Great product ... I 'm glad I bought it !
 This litter scoop works best with litter that is very fine . Anything that is more course is harder to sift through the screen . The scoop itself is kind of bottom heavy . Overall , it is a good product . I think it will probably last forever !
 This product works just as described . The litter is cleaner and scooping takes less time .
 This is the best scoop that I 've ever used . It does an excellent job of sifting out the little bits as well as the big pieces and has a very generous scoop size so you can get a lot done quickly . The metal edge on the front of the scoop is very useful for scraping , but does get clogged and needs rinsing now and again - yuk . Very sturdy , I ca n't imagine how others have broken them , unless they were trying to use the metal edge to press things that were n't meant to be pressed . I only with it had one additional layer of fine sifting available .
 I looked for a better scoopable-litter scoop for ages at our local stores and finally happened onto this at Amazon several months ago . It is substantially sized at about 14 `` l X 5 `` w The depth at the back of the scoop is 3 '' and no light weight at a about 1 lb.I was a little shocked at the pricetag for a litter scoop so I bought one to try . I spent several month comparing it to the other two litterboxes I have . It really did keep the litter on which I used it in much better condition than the other boxes with the `` usual '' and inexpensive scoops . I bought two more recently and now have one at each litter box.For me they are a bit awkward to manage , but I have small hands and my litterboxes are located in places where scooping is at awkward angles . I read other reviews that did n't like the metal strip and getting into corners . My experience has been the opposite . This strip and its edge gets into the corners better than my old plastic ones where I 'd use the handle to dig out litter.While using one of my newer ones , I heard it crack . I believe I was trying to scoop too much too quickly . It has n't broken in any obvious way and I 'm still using it.Neither of those reasons , since I believe they are user issues , is the reason I gave it four stars . The reason I have it at four instead of five is because it tends to be messy after scooping . The screens are installed between two layers of plastic . While scooping , the litter gets into the little gaps and , inevitably , comes out when I 'm putting the scoop away . With four cats , the tracking is bad enough . So more litter scattered by the scoop is frustrating.All that said , I 'll buy again without hesitation . Although the way they 're built , it 'll be because I 've added cats and litterboxes not because the scoop needs to be replaced !
 I LOVE the Scoopwell . I 've never had one break , and I 've been using them twice daily -LRB- 5 cats -RRB- for nearly 2 years . I find it helpful if you ` choke up ' on the handle a bit . I 'm cying now - because they seem not to be currently available !!!!
 I bought this for my fish tank and it was not worth it cause the water just put rust all over it but its real nice if you buy it for reptiles .
 I bought this cover to replace a plastic one for my frog as he requires a heat lamp and it was melting the plastic one.The cover fits snugly on my 10 gallon tank , the light has not faded the screen at all and no creatures have escaped . Although ants have made it in to eat the apple slice in the cage , but I can hardly fault the screen cover for that .
 ... . thanks it is a screenljh
 I purchased this cover as part of the set up for my son 's birthday present , a baby corn snake -LRB- snow morph , very cute -RRB- . It fit the 10 gallon tank with a nice snap . The locking tabs work very well to hold the cover on . I ran my hands along the sides and the front and was very pleased with snug fit . HOWEVER , I failed to run my hand along the back side -LRB- the side with the clips you have to insert -RRB- . There is a good sized gap -LRB- between the cover and tank -RRB- , maybe 1/2 an inch ? Plenty of room for a crafty corn snake hatchling to squeeze through . Which is exactly what she did . We found her , after 10 hours of searching and feeling ill at the thought of loosing her . I know that 10 gallon tanks can vary in size somewhat . I got mine at a national pet supply chain and it 's made by an American manufacturer . I 'm sure there are plenty out there . So , check the gaps between the cover and tank CAREFULLY and fill any with weather stripping before you bring your pet home . Whew ! I hope this message helps to prevent other escapes !
 The product came in a timely manner and it is performing to expectation . It 's keeping my rats out of trouble and in the cage .
 I feed one treat daily to a small double-dapple dachshund who had to be treated for a spinal incident , and one treat daily to an older fox terrier who has some marked arthritis . After six weeks , both are much more nimble . They eagerly gobble the goodie , and the unrelated siblings wonder what they are missing . Quality of life is the name of the game , and the chews help .
 I am very pleased with this product ... it has slowed the arthritis in my dog and she loves them . She thinks she 's getting a treat everytime I give them to her .
 Excellent product . My vet recommended this for our 8 year old am staff terrier . I first bought it from the vet and gave it to our dog Gemi as directed . While browsing the internet to learn more about this product , I came across Amazon as I could buy it thru them at a very reasonable price . Gemi has responded to synoviG3 wonderfully , she is less stiff in the mornings and her joints are less creaky . It also appears that it may have helped with any pain she may have had before . I do also give her Omega 3 Fish Oil 1000 mg 2-4 softgels in her food . Purina Pro Plan for sensitive skin and stomach . Its made with salmon . I am very pleased with this product . Hope this helps you decide . Now to work on my joints and bones ; -RRB-
 I have a 10 year old Shep mix weighing in around 65 lbs . Over the last couple years he seemed `` anitsocial '' - walking off to be by himself , staring at a wall , and not coming when called . I tacked it up to aging/stubborness until I noticed he started showing signs of pain - hesitant to `` jump up/down '' and struggling to push off from hips . I started these tabs 6 months ago -LRB- 4 tabs a day for the first couple weeks than 2 tabs a day -RRB- and noticed within a couple weeks a big change in his personality - he became more social and was not hesitant to stand which improved significantly . Once I finished with the chews , I made the mistake of switching to a cheaper brand thereafter and noticed a negative change in his behavior again & pain tolerance.We are back on these chews for just over a week . He has already shown positive changes in his pain tolerance -LRB- or lack of pain -RRB- and behavior - of course the latter seems to directly be linked to the reduction in pain ! These work great for my Shep mix - you may want to give them a try .
 I have used a few different types of media but this takes the blue ribbon . It is the best out there . Takes a while to get cyled but once it 's in your tank never falls out of cyle.It is a little more money than other types but it 's not something you will replace at least not for a few years :-RRB- i have noticed that other media crumbles or breaks not this stuff .
 For close to forty years I 've found the quality of ehiem products to surpass any other filter , media or virtually any product designed to enrich the hobby of keeping aquatic life . Few can compare to the build quality , performance and functionality of eheim and this media is no exception.As an engineer Gunter Eheim was a maverick . His efforts to realize the importance of biological filtration and building strong colonies of nitrifying bacteria are the mainstay of virtually every filter system in the world today . All this said Substrate Pro is the perfect choice for building a powerful colony of good nitrifying bacteria and building it quickly . Sintered glass provides millions of microscopic crevices per 2mm sphere - and the media will never break down , making it perfect for this application.Yes , conpared to other media it may be expensive but remember , ths media will last you forever it does not break down and need to be replaced.Regarding media placement - this depends on if your canister filter -LRB- eheim or not -RRB- filters the water from the top down or the bottom up . Biological media should be the second line of defense after mechanical media for proper placement an excellent filtration.If your filter draws in tank water from the bottom like say a Fluval FX5 then you want the media either right above it or someplace in the middle . If on the otherhand your filter draws in water from the top down like any of the eheim classic series filters then you want the Media close to the top however , not in the top basket or layer.Although Mech is considered a mechanical media substrate it does a fine job maintaining plenty of nitrifying bacteria as well .
 Pea sized to slightly larger ! Perfect for any size canister filter . Rinses very easily . Probably could be used in external filters if put in mesh bag . Very consistant quality .
 This filter media is a great value for what you receive ... have not had any issues with it in my tank .
 High quality product . Great price through Amazon with quick delivery.One of the best biological media for a cannister filter . Its well known within the hobby that this is the bees knees of biological filtration . It has a very large surface area , is easily to clean and lasts a very long time - can be washed and reused many times . I would highly recommend this bio-media for an aquarium , especially for use in a cannister filter .
 My Eheim wet/dry filter requires this product , and none of the local stores carry it . Correct product at a fair price .
 I own a whippet who loves chasing after things -- especially playing with a ball . I 've found she 's much more fond of going for the Air Kong football than a normal ball partly because of the size and partly because of how the football bounces on the turf and really makes her chase it . She -LRB- and her owner -RRB- enjoy the workout she gets from playing with this thing .
 I 'm sure this is a great product . A lot of healthy ingredients but I have a very picky cat and she would n't eat her food with this in it . I did n't want to give this product a lower rating as she is the pickiest cat I 've ever had . It is very hard to even find a food that she 'll eat .
 My 17 month morkie is licking this after I mix it with water and spread it in the palm of my hand . Sounds crazy , but this is one crazy pup . He loves to lick and I wo n't let him as it seems so gross , but I will let him lick the vitamin/min from my palm . He is real happy with this since he thinks he is getting away with something he generally is n't allowed to do !! He wo n't take it when sprinkled on food .
 Theres a kid across the street who jumped at the chance when asking his mum who said yes to my offer.He 's got frogs , and the jumping up they do concerned his mum . I took no money for it .
 I ordered several of these at a time . It 's great fun to watch my beagle chase them around the kitchen as they bounce haphazardly around . Tennis balls only bounce in one direction . Booooorrring ! These things are all over the place and that 's what makes them cool . She REALLY got a kick out of the squeaky version , too . I 'll have to get more of those ...
 I had read of different products to use for canine skin `` issues '' because I have a labradoodle with some allergies that effect his skin . After reviewing several shampoos , I ordered this and it seems to work quite well for him . Thank You
 My Husky has very sensitive skin that is always irritated and this is the only shampoo that will calm his skin and heal the dryness and redness . It will keep his skin good for almost a week before I have to wash him again .
 This is an amazing shampoo ! My Shih-poo has had problems with her skin forever . After being on medications , changing food , washing beds with unscented detergent , I ordered this on Amazon . It is much cheaper on here than through your vet . Must use at least 2-3 times a week the first week . The smell has disappeared , and she is not scratching herself to death .
 My dog , a golden retriever/lab retriever mix loves any kind of water and always smelled , even after grooming . It seemed to come from her skin -LRB- which I am now understanding it was -RRB- . Have tried many different things but this shampoo really has done it . She still love the water , and I still love her , but now it makes it easier for others to love her as well :-RRB- . Highly recommend !!
 We finally found a shampoo for our dogs who have many allergies and sensitive skin . Now we have no scratching after their baths , aand it keeps the rashes they get to a minimum ! Great Product !
 My yorkie has very sensitive skin . He is constantly scratching , flaking and bleeding . This really works . He had relief right after the first shampoo !
 We have fought for years with my poodle 's itching , scratching , and terrible odor . We have been for allergy testing by a pet dermatologist and followed their advice . No cure . I found this shampoo on Amazon and the last two months have been great -- the odor is gone and she is scratching very little . Be sure to use it every three days for the first few weeks .
 This is the best shampoo for dogs with or without skin conditions . After using this shampoo there is no dandruff or flakey skin and the coat is shiney .
 This shampoo really works on my long haired dog with recurrent episodes of smelly red mange . We have been through lots of shampoos with variable success . The keratolux lathers up and even smells good -- a surprise in a medicated shampoo ! I have found that alternating keratolux with Keto-Chlor shampoo is the most effective treatmentI have come up with yet .
 I trusted some dog owner and it really works.Our Golden Retriever with skin problems love that . THANKS
 Order came quickly . Received e-mails to update me on order status . Great product.Works as described . Would purchase again .
 Our Golden Retriever Jake 's had allergy problems all his life and we were happily using Malaseb on him for the last few years . Too bad the Malaseb makers got kyboshed for some drug issue because it was great shampoo ... but we found this recommended as an alternative and it 's doing fine so far . We 've been using it now for a few months and it does help keep Jake 's coat stable . We 've also used it with the Solid Gold Jojoba Conditioner which is fantastic and gives that extra something to his coat.All in all Keratolux is great stuff for our needy pup .
 My girlfriends dog had a sever break out and we were given this product by her vet . It was half the size and 2.5 times more in price . I google the product and found it here on amazon , the bottle was twice the size and only a fraction of the price . I was upset with our vet because of the price lol . But Im very pleased with this product and the price .
 Very effective shampoo . My dog has a skin condition and this shampoo really gets him clean .
 Ordered this by accident as I needed the antifungal but it cleans very well and the dogs smell so fresh .
 I have 3 Hairless Chinese Crested dogs , 2 of which have the skin issues . So I purchased this to try and help . It seems to be helping to clear up their skin .
 We rescued a three month old kitten that has round rough scaly patches on his back . After reading reviews of several products on amazon.com , I decided to orderEQyss Micro-Tek Medicated Pet Shampoo , 16-Ounce , Keratolux Shampoo 16oz , andNaturasil Homoeopathic Remedies for Pet Mange , 60 ml , 2 Ounce . First I used the EQyss shampoo twice in one week , and the kitten 's one rough scaly patch escalated to three patches . Next I used the Keratolux shampoo twice in one week , and the patches started receding , and his fur began to grow back , but the rough scaly patches remained . Today I used the Naturasil product , and was astonished to see the scaly debris coming loose from his skin . The EQyss shampoo left the kitten fresh smelling , and we 'll definitely be able to use it for normal bathing of other cats . The Keratolux shampoo also left the kitten fresh smelling , and in addition left his fur very soft , and we 'll also definitely use the Keratolux on other cats .
 I have a yorkie & he had a bad rash from what it seemed . It was an reaction to a cheap shampoo I previously purchased . But a few washes with this and did the job . No more scratching , no more dark spots ! And he was happy !
 My dog has demodectic mange as well as a condition that causes serious overproduction of oil in the hair follicles . As you might imagine , these two conditions can really reek havoc on the poor dog . Her fur used to be greasy , waxy , clumpy , and absolutely awful smelling . Keratolux fixed it all!We tried many different shampoos and home remedies but nothing came even close to the effects of this shampoo , which until now we have purchased from our vet -LRB- at twice the cost of ordering through Amazon ! -RRB- We wash the dog quite frequently , at least once a week , and the difference is like night and day . Her fur is shiny and clean , it lies normally , and her mange is so much easier to manage . I highly recommend this product to any pet owner . You go through this stuff a lot faster than you might expect , for a 40 lb dog I use about 4 oz shampoo per wash .
 One of my dogs came down with a VERY painful and itchy yeast infection . It caused his skin to flake and scab everywhere and turn very red and yeast smelling . Tearfully I begged the vet to make him feel better and he handed me this little bottle of shampoo . I was amazed at how little went how far ; only needing a quarter of what regular shampoos required for my Poodle haired Labradoodle . We had struggled with brushing his hair and keeping the dandruff out of his curls and in one application of the shampoo , it was almost as if he 'd never had a skin condition . It not only soothed his itchy skin and cleansed off the flakes , it made his fur very soft and easier to brush . I live in California and we are subject to the Santa Ana Winds every year which causes skin problems and allergies in pets . I will forever use VirBac 's product during problem seasons .
 We got our Chinese Crested dog a few years ago and first started using Keratolux back then . It was wonderful -- left his skin soft , smelled nice , and he did n't seem to mind it at all . Then , we ran out and got lazy and bought other brands . We tried Malaseb and other `` skin '' shampoos . Nothing worked well and his skin and acne got worse . Now , we 're back on Keratolux and in just a few weeks , I see a great difference . There 's nothing like it on the market that I 've found . And this was a fantastic price with excellent , quick shipping.l
 i have a chinese crested hairless dog . it 's common for the = is breed to have skin problems . mine was blessed with pearly cysts on her legs . this shampoo has started to dry them up . something no other product that i 've tried has been able to do . i 'm very happy with Keratolux .
 Our Mini Schnauser has comedo syndrome and this shampoo really does the trick . It removes the bumps and helps heal him up for a week or so at a time . Initially we were using it 3x a week as prescribed by our vet and now down to weekly . Well recommended .
 FINALLY , like a miracle , a shampoo that has cured my little pekingese ! She has suffered for years from itchy yeast-type scabby moist areas mainly on the stomach and under the arms . Every 3 months I would put her on an antiobiotic which is not a good thing to do over and over , then maintain with Malasab shampoo , then it would break out again , over and over - now , after just 3 shampoos in one week with Keratolux , she is cleared up ! Malasab never got rid of all of the scabs , it just knocked it down and it would flair up again . I can tell that it is now maintainable and this shampoo is `` the one '' for my little Lily , thank you !!!!!!
 We purchased this brand as a replacement for DVM 's Malaseb shampoo on recommendation from our vet . We use the shampoo for our pet dog and are satisfied with the results . Additionally , our dog 's coat no longer has a post-bath medicinal scent.Malaseb is a difficult product to replace . While Keratolux is not made of same chemicals , the results with our pet have been similar , which is what I would hope to find in a review.This review is written before testing against our dog 's worst allergy season , July-December/first frost.hope this helps .
 Have been using this product to treat my Mini-Schnauzer 's problem skin/BO for the past couple of years , upon the advice of my vet . Have been well pleased , although it took a prescription of Cephalexin to finally get Max 's condition under control -LRB- FYI , available through some large discount stores as one of their $ 4.00 generic prescription items , just ask your vet to call it in to their pharmacy -RRB- . By ordering the shampoo through Amazon I saved around 50 % over what my vet charged . It lathers up great , has a nice clean smell , and leaves my dog 's coat shiny and smooth . It 's now the only shampoo I 'll use on him . Definitely worth the cost .
 great product , my dog has dry skin condition , this shampoo works very well .
 My Dog was covered with some type of sores all over his body and nothing helped , doc tried every drug and test available to the tune of $ 3,00.00 and finally suggested shampooing him with this product and lo and behold his skin problem cleared up . He had been on a diet food for ever and nothing helped until the shampoo and it has been six months since he has been free of sores . I love this product .
 best product for canine allergy seborrhea - cornstarch on wet spots completed management -- this is a chronic condition so we do bath weekly to keep itching and odor under control
 My dog was getting rashes so I was looking all over the place for a medicated shampoo . After researching different ones , I decided on this one . It 's worked wonders for my little dog .
 I ca n't say they help with digestion or passing food with the fiber in it but my dog LOVES them , and they are healthy . I bought these and some other sweet potato kind from another company and she wont even eat the other ones . Shes quite the picky dog when it comes to treats or food !
 This product saved me from selling my tank . I was dealing with cloudy water in my predator tank 220gal . I was so upset that I was going to sell the team but my lfs told me to use a uv light and this one cleared up my tank in less than a week and is still clear after running itfor about a month . I used push connect fittings from Lowes and is very easy to install .
 I am very pleased with this sterilizer . I am using it on my 150 gallon FOWLR system with a moderate bio-load of fish . They all had a mild case if ICH , and since putting this sterilizer in place the ICH has improved . I did n't expect it to cure the ICH , but i think it improved the water quality enough that they were able to keep it in check . Installation was fairly easy and I have had no problems in the couple weeks it has been running .
 I have two 75 + lbs dogs that love this toy , more then any ever !!! It is great because -LRB- after two weeks -RRB- they can not destroy it like all the other squeak toys in the past . This is a KONG and it is TOUGH . My dogs are trying to figure out just where the `` squeaker '' is located , inside and get to it , , , , , , so far they have not been able to rip it apart . GREAT SQUEAK TOY FOR LARGER DOGS !!! I WILL BE BUYING A SECOND ONE FOR OUTDOORS.Great toy , but , BEWARE OF SHIPPING COST !!!!!
 My 100 # mastiff loves this . He has chewed off the felt on one end , but the squeaker still works and he LOVES this new toy . Usually squeaker toys last 30 minutes , this was in a month old . Worth every penny
 `` This is the best dog toy ever , '' said my daughter who has had a problem with dog toys that have quickly fallen apart or have harmed the dog 's teeth . She has a large yellow lab and after six months he has not been able to tear it apart , and he plays with it constantly . The squeaker died a couple days ago , however , considering its durability I do n't consider this a negative . This is the first dog toy that has ever survived the six-month-mark . It has passed the test . I highly recommend it .
 this is a great toy if for iron fenced in yards , it does not roll through the pickets of the fence and it FLOATS IN THE POOL AND LAKE , MY 1 YR OLD GOLDEN RETRIEVER LOVES THE FOOTBALL , GREAT TOY
 I love this shampoo so far . I ordered it because I 've heard alot of good things about it for use on Hairless Chinese Cresteds . I just adopted a Crestie and his previous owners did n't really take care of his skin that well so I switched his food to all natural then after the first wash using this shampoo it has made his skin so much smoother . He has a blackhead and acne problem and so far this shampoo really helps !
 I 've been using this shampoo for my Chinese Crested Hairless for two or three years now . It is the only thing that seems to keep her skin clear , soft , and free of bumps and blackheads . I highly recommend this product for Cresteds with skin problems . Try it , it works .
 I do n't know why this stuff has n't been reviewed yet ! It works so good!Cats , especially , are so prone to scabs/over production of skin cells . Whether it 's flea-bite allergy , miliary dermatitis , chin acne , stud-tail or just `` scabby cat '' issues ... every cat owner should know about this.Unlike many shampoos for keratosis , this has NO tar and is safe for cats.My cat had scabs and skin buildup on her tail . I even tried shaving a small portion so I could try to soak/pick it down but it just resulted in discomfort and crying , raw skin under what little I could remove , and rescabbing where it bled . There was overproduction of skin which the vet said was fungal and it became thick and hard as a rock ... So I bought this product along with a conditioner/lotion called `` ResiCORT '' made by the same company . I suggest you do the same . I did n't shave the hair at all . I simply washed my cat 's tail with the Keratolux , lathered it up and left it on 10 minutes while I fed her some treats . I rinsed it out and patted it semi-dry and then rubbed in a generous amount of ResiCORT.About two hours later , I check my cat 's tail -LRB- which is a little greasy-looking but not bad at all inspite of the amount of ResiCort I put on -RRB- and the skin buildup/scabs are coming off . It was so thick and hard -LRB- 1/8 inch in one place -RRB- and now it 's softened and coming away with NO bleeding or pain . In fact , she 's asleep while I pick it out . And most of her hair is intact under that . I 'm impressed beyond words .
 perfect for a large dog , just what i wanted . Star enjoys it a lot and ca n't tear it up even after a month . she has great fun with it
 It is what it is . The quality is great . My dog looks like a cubs fan now . He 's not really a fan of wearing it , he just kind of cowers around the house when he has it on . But hey ! He 's in a dogs cubs jersey !! It 's also awkward and difficult to take off . It 's easy to put on because his paws slide into the front arms but his paws dont exactly bend out of it as easily . If you have a medium sized dog get a large or x-large - take measurements . I have what I consider a medium/small dog -LRB- 55lb -RRB- and the large fit perfect , if not a bit snug . Anyway , pretty cool jersey , although I feel a bit pathetic for buying my dog clothes .
 Purchased for my Bearded Dragon 's 40 Gal . breeder tank . He seems to enjoy climbing on it , and it looks great in the tank . Shipped quickly , very satisfied .
 You never know what you 're going to get with these , but the one that I received was PERFECT ! The thickest branch measures 17 '' long , 3.5 '' thick , and there are thinner branches that jut out 11 '' and another perpendicular at 12 '' . So many ways to display this piece . It 's one solid piece of natural wood and all branches are strong and sturdy.I also orderedZoo Med Sandblasted Grapevine , Large , 18 to 24-Inches , and this medium item is much larger/thicker than the Zoo Med Large for about the same price . I opened that one first and thought that it was a nice product until I opened this one . I am extremely happy with the Fluker 's Iguana Branch and would recommend it . Remember , not all pieces are the same , but with Amazon 's return policy , it 's worth taking a chance on this product .
 Got this for my supervisor for Christmas and I 've got ta say , coupled with the addition of a picture with one of her recently deceased cats made her tear up at the Christmas dinner party . For the cat lover in your life what is a better combination than the animals they love in a frame and their own pets in an image?Just be warned though this picture is a bit smaller than 4x6 and you will need to trim your photo down . Aside from that though you will absolutely love it.My first frame came to me shattered and broken and when I reported it and asked for a refund they processed me for a replacement within hours . Now that 's good service and a heck of a good price to boot .5 Meowing Stars out of 5 !
 I needed a decorative piece of driftwood for a photo shoot.This item arrived super fast and was even nicer looking than I expected!I Highly recommend doing business with this exceptional seller !
 IF U HAVE A CAT OR DOG WITH JOINT PROBLEMS , THEY SHOULD NOT JUMP DOWN . MY SIAMESE USED MINE AS SOON AS I PUT IT BY THE BED . NOW WE HAVE THEM AT SOFAS AND CHAIRS . YOUR PET WILL LOVE U FOR IT . THIS ISSOLID , DOES N'T SLIDE AND WILL BE A GREAT HELP FOR YOUR PET AND WILL SAVR FUTURE PROBLEMS DO NOT MISTAKE THEM FOR ` DOGGIE STEPS ' YOU MAY SEE ON TV . THESE ARE STRONG
 I found this helped my dog with his awful doggie breath . He 's been on a lot of meds lately and it 's wreaking havoc on his stomach . You must use it every day for it to work properly . I just mix it with a little plain yogurt and he loves it !
 One week into using this product and my 6mo old , 35lb Shepherd mix is doing much better . Seemed to work quickly ; within the first few days I noticed she was n't farting and her diarrhea had abated . Product is designed for long-term daily use , and I definitely recommend it for that purpose.Also , if you 're looking for a quick way to address doggy diarrhea , provide simple food instead of kibble -LRB- like rice and ground poultry -RRB- and feed them a natural source of fiber . My vet recommended ONE ` dose ' of 1/4 cup of pumpkin puree -LRB- unspiced , of course -RRB- . Worked well before the Fresh Digest arrived . Do n't overdo it or you 'll have a constipated puppy , and please check with your vet on dosage , but its a natural option .
 This is an excellent product and easy to use.My American Cocker came from a rescue situation . I complained to the vet about the terrible gas he had but was told more than twice that it was typical of cockers . Having had a cocker before , I found it hard to/didn ' t want to believe , so I researched online and found other dog owners who experienced the same problem and used many different types of gas relief products . Fresh Digest was the most reasonably priced and I purchased it with skepticism . I am glad to report that within the first 24 hours of adding Fresh Digest to Bentley 's food , there was a significantly ` noseable ' difference . Just before Fresh Digest arrived , I learned that Bentley had Giardia infection and that took quite sometime to overcome . I added the Fresh Digest to his treatment regimen and I 'm confident it was of great benefit.Lesson for me , and hopefully others , you do n't have to live with stinky doggie gas and the benefits for the dog is even greater with this digestive aid . I highly recommend Fresh Digest .
 I bought this for my baby red-tailed boa , and she absolutely loves it ! You 'll almost never find her anywhere in her 6 ` x3 ` x20 '' enclosure BUT coiled up on the branch somewhere . I put it near her radiant heat source . She wo n't let go of it either if I try to take her out of the enclosure LOL .
 This is our yellow lab 's favorite toy of all time , and it 's the only one that stands the test of time . Most other toys end up in the garbage the very next day ... but he has n't been able to put a dent in this one . Plus , it 's just hilarious . A suspicious chicken with a bandit mask ? C'mon ! That 's classic !
 Our Swissy who is big into suckling stuffed animals has found this chicken to be the best for this such thing . He used to love the ducks from farm and fleet but they fall apart too fast . He does wear these out after a few months of sucking . We cut off the tag and the felt thing on the chicken 's head right away . As long as you do n't play tug-of-war they last a good long time . I have to buy 2 at a time . I give it four stars because I have to alter it before I give it to the dog to chew . Atreyu has the fish , snake , alligator , and frog . He loves the chicken the best .
 I gave it to my Daughters dogs and they loved it and so did my cairn terrier . It is tough material and that is what all 3 of them need as they want to tear every thing apart.Beth Champion
 My dogs love this toy ! Every dog from the maltese to the lab play with it . Great for tug-of-war . Very hard to destroy !
 this is the second toy , the first one lasted my jack russ almost 2 yrs , tough and the dog loves it.will buy again
 These last my 100lb German shepherd months . He chews it gently and loves it . I have been buying these for years and for multiple dgs who have all enjoyed . Amazingly durable .
 We have a Staffordshire Bull Terrier who tears her way through toys like this in a matter of minutes . The chicken has made it through about 2 months of use -LRB- we rotate her toys , so we 've had it considerably longer -RRB- and to date , only needed minor stomach surgery to close up a seam . Nothing is funnier than watching our dog charge around the living shaking the living heck of this thing ! She LOVES it !!!
 Our lab-mix dog loved this toy from the minute we gave it to her . She normally destroys plastic squeaky toys in minutes and after two weeks of playing with Suspicious Chicken , the chicken still lives . We got this toy to replace the Fat Cat `` Bad cat '' toy that unfortunately did n't survive a snowstorm . Both the chicken and Fat Cat toys are very durable , but not weather-proof .
 My dog loves this toy . It is her favorite . We use it play fetch and tug of war .
 I have a 85 lb . Samoyed who has had 2 Fat Cat toys since he was a puppy ... and he still has them . Both my pup and the toys are 5 years old . They are not torn or damaged in any way and they still squeak . They are the floppy Cat Burglar and the floppy Mailman . I just got him the Suspicious Chicken and The `` EX '' . He carries at least one and sometimes both all over the place , squeaking them constantly . Maybe he 's easier on his toys , it 's hard to say , but of all the toys he 's had over the past 5 years , the Cat Burglar , Mailman and one hard rubber Kong are the only ones left.Doggy Hoots Floppability Barnyard Bullies Suspicious Chicken
 Fat Cat products are the BEST . My dog loves them and they are extraordinarily tough . Not only are these products cute and bring a smile to my face , the printed material that comes with each of their products are funny as well !
 My Mini Schnauzer loves this toy and I am so glad I bought it . At first Sebastian was n't sure what to do with it until I started placing treats inside the pumpkin with all the squeakers stuffed inside . This toy is great and can be run through the washing machine and dryer . Very sturdy construction . So I decided to purchase two extra pumpkins for when his initial pumpkin is finally had it . Looks as that will be a while . I wanted to be sure to get a few more as I am thinking this toy will soon be discontinued.I also have the Hide a Squirrel and am looking to purchase the Gingerbread Kyjen toy . This toy is definitely worth the asking price .
 My standard poodle loves these sorts of toys . She did utterly destroy one of the squeaky bones but all in all , it 's surviving pretty well .
 Both my dog and my sisters dogs love these Hide-A-Toy products whether it is this Halloween Pumpkin or the squirrels or the birds etc. . They spend hours playing with them and of course getting the squeekers out .
 I have a nine month old Schipperke and she is generally very rough on her toys . I 'm glad to say that this keeps her entertained and has not even started to fall apart ! It did n't take her very long to figure out that it was a game to get all of the toys out . I could not be more pleased with this product .
 My dog loves this ! This is actually the second one that I bought because the first got really dirty after about a year and a half . My dog plays with this everyday . She loves to pull everything out of the pumpkin and loves to play fetch with the squeaky toys inside . I hope they never stop making this toy . Very sturdy !
 I would recommended these interactive tots to any big or small dog that loves to chew !!
 I have four of these in use now for two years . Just bought three more for new feeders . I agree with some that say a smart squirrel can and will figure out a way to defeat it . It does however work most of the time . I have four of my feeders on Shepards hooks . I find that the hooks must be attached via hook and loop velcro . This keeps the baffle attached to my shepards hooks . This keeps the baffle from blowing away and keeps it secure on the hooks . The squirrels like to try and defeat it by hanging from the baffle . I read what others have done and can see how some modifications might help . I found a much easier modification . I simply coat the top of the baffle and the shepards hooks with a little cooking oil . It is a blast to see the squirrels try and climb the pole or jump onto the baffle only to loose their footing and fall to the ground . They have seemed to learn this is the case and even when I forget to re-coat the tops of the baffles or the pole they just look at the seed and seem to say crap ... and they just feed on the ground . This works great ... . you need to try it .
 I put up one expensive baffle , and no squirrels were defeated , I added this $ 10 baffle and I bet that about 50 % of the squirrels do n't get past the two . Great little baffle for the price .
 This squirrel baffle is just about as cheap as they come here on Amazon . -LRB- The best and cheapest ones can be found either at a local Tractor Supply company , or at the Tractor Supply website -RRB- . Its not quite as big or effective as either a squirrel deterrent or protection from the weather as a dome style , but it is certainly far better than nothing . -LRB- And a whole lot cheaper -RRB- . The problem with the basic design of this baffle is the swing away system it employs . The same ineffective system that is unfortunately employed in a lot of squirrel baffles . Even ones a lot more expensive than this one . The theory behind it is that the squirrel will lay down its paw on top of it with its full weight , slip off , and then fall to the ground as the baffle swings out of the way . Unfortunately this is one of those times when something sounds most logical in theory , but is a total bust in actual practice . Squirrels very quickly figure out the baffles rational and set out to defeat it . That is to say , they just come to learn to hang their feet from above and use the baffles swing away design to their advantage by it moving freely out of their way . Just about everyone that has a bird feeder then sees the usual result . A squirrel hanging down from above upside down feasting on and spilling your expensive seed . This baffle can be made far more effective by a simple redesign . Just unscrew the two hooks that merge in the middle of the dome from above and underneath and screw in a lock nut so it is flush with the baffle on top and below . Then screw the hooks back in . The swing away design is then defeated and the baffle will remain stiff and very hard for the squirrel to move out of the way with his body due to the counterweight of the feeder underneath . Also , installing the nut stiffens the baffle sufficiently enough to prevent it from being tossed around by the wind as some other reviewers have mentioned . Trust me , it is very simple to do and it makes this very reasonably priced baffle most effective indeed . I recommend this baffle if you 're on a budget and desire something that works very well with the simple modification described above . Order several at once to make the shipping charge worth it ...
 The item was received in great condition . Works great . Excellent product and price . Thanks
 Does n't do much to keep the squirrels out but does a great job of keeping the seed dry when it rains or snows . Seed clogs the feeders after it gets wet and that is the reason I bought them .
 We bought this squirrel baffle to go with our Droll Yankee Tipper bird feeder , which helps keeping the squirrels off . I would recommend getting it .
 I had a squirrel `` theft '' problem . This will keep those pesky squirrels off the bird feeders until they figure out a work around .
 if you have a larger diameter feeder the squirrel will be able to hold the hook on the top and stretch to the edge of the feeder below . works best with smaller diameter feeders .
 I bought this to use as a sun/rain shield for my hummingbird/oriole feeder , I sanded it lightly with sand paper so the paint would adhere -LRB- painted underside only -RRB- and I also sanded the top side to make it a bit less shinny , I painted it pine green and it looks great , it shades my feeder most of the day in the full sun of my hanger on the deck railing and the rain ca n't water down my nectar ! BTW I bought my deck hanger here too and I love it ! -LSB- ... -RSB-
 This has worked really great . I have a few squirrels and they ca n't figure it out . Also it seems to have helped the rat problem .
 this helps to keep squirrels from bird food but better yet helps to keep the bird seeds dry . .
 I did n't have too many squirrels getting into my feeder , but I did have a few that would hang down and spill all the seeds . This product has stopped them . I think they tried when I first put it up because there was spilled seeds but I 'm guessing that it made them fall or made it too hard for them to get anything because they do n't try anymore .
 Followed the other reviewers advice . Added a wing nut to the top and the squirrels are definitely baffled . I have 5 of them hanging from a pergola . Squirrels keep trying , but ca n't find a way around , over , or through them . I do have a separate feeder for the squirrels - I 'm not heartless!Heath Outdoor Products HB-1 Squirrel Baffle
 This baffle rocks literally ! I 've had mine nearly 13 years and I 've been searching everywhere for another one , mine is out all the time in Great Lakes weather and still is in mint condition ! I use mine on the clothes line pole about 5 feet in the air with a swinging tube feeder , squirrels ca n't jump up on it because the feeder swings or down on the baffle because the hex nut is so tiny , the baffle swings too much . I hook my baffle up with a pipe cleaner wrapped several times , even the babies ca n't get in the feeder . :-RRB- :-RRB- I 'm happy to report I have been winning the squirrel wars for years , they do n't even bother just eat meekly under the feeder .
 Had a serious squirrel problem before putting these up . Very easy to assemble and use . Anyone can do it!After these , NO MORE SQUIRRELS ON MY BIRD FEEDER
 Plastic was surprisingly thick , very sturdy , and really exceeded all my expectations . Comes with two pretty long hooks that screw together through a hole in the middle . Water will be able to run through the middle hole , though not much will . Saw a squirrel still eating my bird seed the other day , but those wily squirrels will get into anything . Hopefully it took him longer than average to figure it out .
 they work . This is the first time that I have put seed in the feeds that did n't disappear in one day ... the squirrels are kept busy trying to figure out how to get to the food . Thank you . Good product
 It 's surviving NE PA winds , snow and rain ; easy to hang & clean , and it baffles the European Starlings & grackles away from the suet as WELL as the squirrels . What more is there to say !
 We just put our Squirrel Baffles out and so far , they have kept all the squirrels away from the bird feeders ! We have used our below the feeders on a pole but I am sure they would work as well above feeders . All that was needed was a small plumbing clamp attached to the pole , below the baffle to hold it in place and you 're in business ! -LRB- of course , we feed the squirrels separately ! -RRB-
 I bought 8 of these to stop squirrels from eating my Christmas cactus and it works very well
 Useing these mostly for keeping snow off my tray feeder . Doing a good job .
 It has really helped us on reducing the amound of seeds that squirrels would get . Another plus is we use one for our hummingbird feeder to keep the rain out of it .
 The squirrel baffle worked , but they have since been done in by wind and my lawn mower running over one . They certainly saved me some bird seed .
 I ordered this for my shih tzu , bailee . Its so cute ! The duck squeeks like a dog toy . There isnt really much lather to this shampoo but it can be that way because of natural ingredients . The shampoo and spray both smell great but the `` washcloth '' is a body pouf so i would use that for myself
 I have been looking for this product for over 4 years since I first bought it at Fosters and Smith 's online . They do n't sell this anymore and my 55 lb puppy -LRB- hahaha -RRB- has worn his other one out . He is 21 '' from neck to base of tail -LRB- now -RRB- , and the coat is 1 in off from his tail -- meaning it is shorter . However , XL fits him okay . I should get a bigger size in case he grows longer . I will exchange the Large one for an XXL . I love this parka , as it keeps my hound warm in 40-45 degrees weather at night.If amazon puts a link to attach jpg for the future , I will be able to attach a photo .
 I got this for my puppy it was two small for him so i ended up giving it to my neighbors dog . They loved the coat looked super cute on there puppy kept him warm and was very comfortable for him to wear .
 The construction of the coat is of very good quality . LG fits a 4 month old Boxer Puppy , just right and will for another month or so . I am very happy with this coat . The hoody is way too big and goes right oever his face so he can not see . But besides that its a great item . I also purchased a pair of black boots that matched perfectly as if the came in a set .
 I have been looking for this product for over 4 years since I first bought it at Fosters and Smith 's online . They do n't sell this anymore and my 55 lb puppy -LRB- hahaha -RRB- has worn his other one out . He is 21 '' from neck to base of tail -LRB- now -RRB- , and the coat is 1 in off from his tail -- meaning it is shorter . However , XL fits him okay . I should get a bigger size in case he grows longer . I will exchange the Large one for an XXL . I love this parka , as it keeps my hound warm in 40-45 degrees weather at night.If amazon puts a link to attach jpg for the future , I will be able to attach a photo .
 The construction of the coat is of very good quality . LG fits a 4 month old Boxer Puppy , just right and will for another month or so . I am very happy with this coat . The hoody is way too big and goes right oever his face so he can not see . But besides that its a great item . I also purchased a pair of black boots that matched perfectly as if the came in a set .
 The product is just as described and arrived sooner than expected . It 's a bit larger than it appeared to be but more cowbell is better than none . Thank you!Sandra Thompson
 Nice perch with washer/screw mount . I probably should give it 5 stars but my Amazon parrot does n't really like the perch because 2 &#34; around seems to be too big for comfortable grasping . It is very sturdy and definitely wide diameter .
 Yeah OK the flaps can get stiff in the COLD , to the point that they will crack at the top and even break . -LRB- below 0 degrees F. -RRB- But it took over 3 years for that to happen , and I have 2 collies and a beagle that use this daily , in and out.I installed it in the wall . One on the outside of the house , and one on the inside of the house . And because I have a 6 inch thick wall , they work well together and create a bit of an airlock which helps to keep the cold drafts out . The magnets on the bottom help keep it closed , and we have never had a problem with it coming open in the `` breeze '' , 40 mph winds , well then it will open . I will never have another dog without having one of these , and have used others and this model holds up well . Metal frame and the flap is replaceable . I have been using this model over 12 years and have had to fix it twice.If you have a puppy and an older dog , this thing will help potty train your dog . The puppy simply follows them outside ... assumming you have chosen an intelligent breed . We have never had a problem with dogs `` going '' in the house . One thing though , if they get used to it you can not lock it without problems , as the dog gets used to going out at will . Which is why I love it ! You can leave the house and not have to worry about getting home to let the dog out.Fence in your yard though , your best friend is worth it !
 This little doggie door is the best . With the metal frame construction and ease of installation , this product is a sure win . It was the best size for my old Mini Dachshund and Chihuahua . Just make sure you have a plung circular saw or a jig saw to cut through the door . The only reason that I did n't give this product 5 stars is that it comes with plastic screws to mount the door , and well lets just say they do n't hold up to the installation very well . A small trip to your local hardware store , and the same bolt in metal worked out better . The plastic ones do work well , but if you happen to strip one like I did , there is help at the local hardware store for a $ 0.99 .
 my cat is 13 years old and had stopped cleaning himself - his pretty white fur was looking tan ! with these vitamins , not only is he keeping himself sparkling white , but he frisks like a kitten . and he loves the taste - if i go for the cupboard where i keep them , then he runs over and meows insistantly . what a great product .
 I always hate pet snacks that ... well smell like pet snacks . This product has no smell to humans ; remains soft and easily chewable for my elderly cat ... . and best of all Charley loves 'em .
 I appreciated the solo review on this multivitamin . I searched around amazon for a quality senior cat multivitamin . I ordered this one just as a test to see if the older one , Mouse , would eat it . They passed the test . Flying colors . He has a sensitive stomach and he , also , can be picky at times . Yet , he seems to love this multivitamin , which is awesome because he is 10 years old and he could really used the extra good stuff . I give this item a 5 out of 5 , as well .
 My kitty is over 10 years old and just survived a major bowel resection . She lost a lot of weight after surgery and I thought these would be a good addition to her current recovery diet . They are a hit so far , she loves them . I 'm glad we can use these to help supplement her current diet . I would definitely recommend for older kitties .
 This works just fine and I recommend it over the e collars that do not have the rubber protection on both sides . I have 5 wonderful dogs -LRB- -2 Akitas , 1 Husky , 1 Dachshund , and 1 Dachshund mix -RRB- . Regretfully , my one Akita and Husky had to both wear e collars at the same time -LRB- - double trouble -RRB- . I ordered this collar just to have another one on standby . When it arrived , I took off the old e collar my Akita was wearing which had no rubber lining , and put this one on . It was wonderful because I no longer was constantly being scratched by the rubberless old e collar -LRB- - you know how dogs love to share their misery with you by constantly ramming their e collars into you ! -RRB- . Plus it was nice to have an e collar without duct tape repairs -LRB- - with 5 dogs , use your imagination for the potential of damaging things -RRB- . If this helps you , please click on the yes button .
 This is exactly the model I wanted , but was too small for my dog . My fault , should have measured my dog 's neck . This brand is out of stock and I 've had a very hard time trying to find retailers who have any left . I sincerely hope Coastal starts making more , soon !
 I 'm very pleased with this food ! I have 2 male cats prone to blockage - I first put them on the `` prescription '' diets . Tried both Hills & RC , one hated both , the other hated the first & kept throwing up the second , & stress is a big contributing factory to urinary problems in cats . So I read online about different foods . I now give them wysong uretic - I pour a little water in their bowls , put in some food , & after they finish that I give them a bit more without adding water so they get their teeth clean . They really like it , & have had no problems since . Sensitive stomach kitty has had no problems at all.I buy 16lbs at a time - it comes in 4 pound airtight bags to keep it fresher , so 4 bags come in a box .
 My cat has crazy allergies , is an extremely picky eater , and has urinary crystals . He is making my vet a very wealthy woman . I had tried the Royal Cain and the Hills urinary dry food . He hated them both and they gave him the runs , which he tracked through the house . Plus they were expensive and rarely in stock at my old veterinary clinic . I gave this a try and he loved it . It saved me a ton of money and trips to the vet . However , after 6 months of this diet , the urinalysis suggests it did not help break up his urine crystals . Oh well .
 If you live in or near Philadelphia , Doggie Style , which has several locations , carries this . I love it & so do my boys -LRB- cats -RRB- ! Plus is has a heater in the base to help soothe the pet . What a great invention !
 Love this feeder . Squirrels can hang on it , but can only get a few seeds at a time .
 I have no idea what feeder `` Mary Fairy '' is talking about ; there are no springs on this feeder . As far as the rain , I 've had no problems with that ; I 've never seen water in the seeds , and there have been plenty of rain storms over the years I 've used this feeder.The squirrels can push the top off , but you can use a small bungie cord or other devise to lock it down . It 's not a perfect solution , but over the years I 've tried many different designs ; this is the only one that keeps the squirrels reasonably under control .
 Good feeded ; separate compartmnents allow three layer feeding throughout the supply . Easy to fill . Definately NOT squirrel proof , but HEY-they got ta live too !
 Picture by customer is the correct one . This is a nice metal/plastic feeder . The multiple level gives this feeder interest . And I 've seen this feeder at Lowe 's -LRB- their brand name -RRB- and at Target -LRB- Perky Pet -RRB- for $ 24-28 .
 I 've had one of these feeders for about 6 months . The squirrels absolutely can not get into the feeder through the cage , but the woodpeckers , titmouses , chickadees , finches , etc. can eat from it . A squirrel did figure out how to push the top up and ate the seed out of the top compartment , and chewed on the tube , but we just put a bunji cord over the top and the squirrels ca n't get in anymore -LRB- it 's fun to watch them try for a few minutes and then give up -RRB- . All of the parts are replaceable if your supplier carries them , so I paid $ 4 to replace the chewed tube and it 's good as new . I love the way the three compartments come apart ... I find it very easy to clean , much better than solid tubes with perches through them , and I do n't have much trouble with seed getting wet -LRB- and we had a lot of rain this Fall -RRB- . You just have to wait until it 's pretty empty to pull it apart and clean it , and I just dump the last bit of seed into my tray feeder when I dismantle it to clean it . I can clean it using a paper towel in a couple of minutes on the deck before I refill it . This is the best feeder I 've ever owned . I 'm feeding the birds , not the squirrels .
 I love that this feeder can hold three different kinds of seeds . This is especially useful it you want to feed multiple birds , but do n't have room for multiple feeders . I 'd put the most popular seed in the top compartment though as it is the easiest to refill.The feeder did not create any kind of dilemma for the squirrels though -- they can hang comfortably on it and pull out a seed at a time , which they will . They 've also figured out how to open the top and help themselves ! What they HAVE N'T done though is destroy the feeder , which is a huge benefit . I still have the feeders , but I also still have the feeder -- making this still a worthwhile investment .
 I have bought 2 of these feeders for our house and one as a gift over the last year and a half . They may seem a little bit longer than many other feeders but it is wonderful to see up to 12 birds feeding from it at the same time -LRB- if they do not end up chasing each other out -RRB- . Birds find it easy to sit on while feeding . Despite the `` squirrel resistant '' description on the label , squirrels still can get into it . In fact , deer like them too . I would still recommend it to my friends as it is more resistant than many other nicer feeders made of wood .
 I have had this bird feeder at least 10 years and was able to purchase replacement inserts for it . It is a favorite with the birds . You can either fill it with 3 different types of seeds , or take out the dividers and just fill it with one as I do . Actually purchased a second one because I have been pleased with it and find the birds really use this one more than my others .
 I purchased this bird feed as Hyde Model 104 in 1991 in Connecticut . I replaced the inserts with the Evenseed model in year 2011 after the originals cracked during cleaning . I used the feeder for 20 years of seasonal use at 4-8 months per year under a shady tree , and the metal parts of the feeder are still corrosion free . Unlike other reports , the squirrels could not lift off the top lid , so perhaps my older version is a little different -LRB- heavier lid with notch ? -RRB- . The feeder is not squirrel proof as they hang on the feed and swing it around , but the squirrels do give up after 5-10 minutes . The feeder is harder to clean than the other feeders I have owned , but the other feeders lasted at most 5 years .
 My IG had some itchy skin and I had heard that oatmeal was good for this issue . This product was recommended to me by another owner of IG 's who 's opinion I respect , she uses it on hers . I think I have seen less itching in my IG , it has a nice scent and he has a shiny coat , with no build up .
 This product has worked better for us on our dogs than any other . It leaves their coat silky shiny smooth .
 This is a great Natural Shampoo ! Nice lather , nice scent , and it works terrific !
 My cat absolutely loves . Tosses it in the air , kicks it , bites it , loves it . Big enough to grab and kick .
 My 5 cats love their NipFish and a friend of ours owns the shrimp , we must get the shrimp !!! Very appealing for cats !!!
 My two cats play with this and enjoy it . They hold it between their paws and scratch and bite it . It 's a good toy !
 Yeoow makes the best toys !! None of the cats can resist it.We had to buy a few more , as the cats hid the others.The color is eye-catching to them , and to us .
 My friend 's cat absolutely adores this toy . I got it because she showed me a very old one that he still liked , but it was so dirty that it needed to be changed . It was such a hit that I got 10 of these little toys .
 The cats love these , and they 're the perfect size for bunny-kicking , pouncing , chewing , even batting ! Filled with nice , potent catnip covered by canvas so it 'll last a long time . If you have a kitty who likes to bunny-kick their toys , this is the toy for you -LRB- well , your cat -RRB- ! I got several so my kitties would n't have to fight over them ; -RRB-
 This potty litter works great . My hamster does not eat it , he started using the potty really quick . When it 's fresh he seems to bathe in it . This is where he urinates and sure helps keep the smell out of his cage .
 Arrived quicker than expected . Used with Super Pet Hamster Potty . Works like a charm as it is easy to scoop and clean .
 Great product , my rats use their litter box exclusively ! It 's easy to clean out and really helps keep my cage clean . Yay !
 I knew that hampsters usually go in one corner . How do they know to go in the potty , that is not in a corner ? To my surprise , when I checked the next day , the litter was wet . It is really great . Instead of cleaning the whole cage of shavings , I just have to clean the potty every other day . Then to find out that my pet store -LRB- and none in the area -RRB- would not be selling the potty litter anymore . After checking around , the only place I could find it was at Amazon . I by 12 boxes at a time . I do n't know what I will do if they stop making it . IT IS REALLY GREAT !!!!!!
 I bought this for my indoor angora rabbit 's litter box . I give this a 4 for the quantity and price ; it 's expensive and you go through it real quick if you have a rabbit , but otherwise it 's a great choice . I 'm trying this product for the first time this week . I 've tried recycled paper pellets and Carefresh in the past but with all the fur on an angora it 's such a hassle and mess and tends to get caught and matted into their fur -LRB- and on you ... and on everything nearby ... -RRB- My rabbit has n't minded the change at all . I 'm going to try spot cleaning as much as possible to conserve as much of this product as I can .
 very happy to find this online . great stuff and my hamster loves using the potty . happy overall with our shipping experience and the cost too ! thank you again for all your help amazon !!!!!
 We bought this litter to use in our hamsters potty . It works well and the hamster uses the potty every day . Now all we have to do is clean out the potty every day and clean the cage out once a month . There is only a smell if you do not clean out the potty daily .
 This litter is good for hamsters and young rats . My teenage rats are about to graduate to the larger `` Critter Litter . '' There is almost no dust with this litter , unlike clay cat litter.Even this small box of litter lasts a long time ; most little animals can be persuaded to poop in their potties but they do n't always urinate there , so the litter wo n't need to be thrown out and replaced very often.Litter training thoughts :1 . Be sure the litter pan is big enough . Start with a very shallow pan plenty large enough for your pet to walk into and turn around easily . You can use a more space-efficient corner pan later when they are dedicated to using their litter . Having a pan that 's too small is , I think , the major obstacle to training .2 . Put the pan in the corner of the cage that THEY want to use . You can try to change their minds later . If their instincts are insisting they use a particular corner , though , you 'll have to go along with that .3 . Put a few `` samples '' in their litter pan to give them the idea , and many will train themselves right away . Keep putting all their mistakes into the pan and keep the rest of the cage very clean . Be happy if they use it MOST of the time ! 4 . VERY IMPORTANT - do n't EVER use clumping litter with small pets . Many health risks ! 5 . AND - if you see your pet actually eating any clay litter , stop using it . Many will taste it the first time they see it , to find out whether it 's food . If they keep eating it , remove it from the cage !
 This is by far the best litter we have used with our rabbit.As long as you keep the litter box clean , there is NO odor at all . WAY WAY better than any of the paper products we tried.We take a corner litter box , put about a cup full of litter in it , just enough to completely cover the bottom . Every two days or so , we have to dump the litter , and start fresh . The scooper is totally worthless for a rabbit . This litter is a type of clay , so the amount of urine that a rabbit produces quickly melts the pearls together.HINTS : cut down a puppy pad and put in the bottom of the litter pan to make easy cleaning -LRB- make sure it is totally covered , or it will probably get pulled out . -RRB- Keep TWO litter boxes in case you wait too long to clean it , and have to soak it to get the dirty litter out.If you are tired and dont feel like doing a full clean , but you cat smell the urine , just sprinkle a fresh layer of litter on top of the old stuff . It will get you by.The only reason that I gave this product 4 stars is because they do not sell it in bulk . We go through about a bag a month , and I wish it could last longer .
 I use this litter for my guinea pigs and it works great . Just be sure to change it regularly , of course . If you leave it too long it becomes full of urine and turns into sludge that can gunk up your animal 's nails . I have three guinea pigs , though only two use the litter box , and I change it every other day .
 I 'm writing a review of small animal potty litter , of all things , so that other customers might avoid making the assumption I did . My rats LOVE to use the small granular Super Pet litter , which is the one in the 16oz box . It works great , and litter box training them was really easy with this product . I recently purchased a much larger cage for them , and had to buy a second litter box . I was excited to see a large bag of the Super Pet litter on Amazon and purchased it , thinking that it would be the same litter as the 16oz box -LRB- because they are listed as the same item , and you choose the size you want -RRB- . However , when the litter arrived it was actually really huge balls of clay litter , which I know from experience my rats will not use . I 'm not sure if this is my mistake or if Amazon 's description and purchasing options for this stuff is kind of misleading , but I thought I would give other customers a heads up.For the record , the litter works very well - great odor control and easy to scoop , and shipping was very fast . It 's only the product description that I have a bit of an issue with .
 This product is great for when you hamster urinates in it . There is practically no smell unless you leave it for a while . What I did was placed chinchilla dust into a disposable Tupperware with that is about 4x6 ~ big and let him play with the dust . It was one of his favorite places to go ! Then he started to pee in it and that was when I slowly switched out the chinchilla dust for this . He did n't notice the differences cause he keeps on climbing into his little `` sandbox '' and digging like mad ! Now when he needs to urinate , he always climbs into it and urinate in the corner . Since he only urinates in one side and digs on the other I usually will rotate the tupperware and he would n't notice it and starts peeing on the other side . What I found out is if you let it dry then you can really reuse it for a while so one of these packages last me more than 2 months.My only complaint is if you do n't rotate it and it gets super saturated with his urine , it can smell REALLY bad . So i find that on cold weeks I have to actually throw out the pellets cause it ca n't dry in time . Other than that it 's great!My hamster will wake up mid day and climb up to the 2nd story to get to his sand box to pee then climb back and go to sleep , it 's great !
 All I did was pour this critter litter inside a litter pan and put it in one corner of my guinea pig 's cage , and that 's all it took . I did n't have to train her or anything and she started hopping right in to do her business . Of course she does leave stray poops and some pee around her cage , but having the litter seriously cuts down on the amount of time in between cage cleanings .
 I have diabetic hamsters so it 's a hassle cleaning up their huge urine spots constantly . The hamster litter makes it a lot easier than cleaning up wet bedding constantly .
 We have potty trained our pet rats and they love this litter . I have tried other brands and they wo n't use their box unless it has this specific litter in it . Amazon offered a great price and we were able to stock up !
 Loved this product for my hedgehog so much that I decided to buy the 4 lb . bag of Super Pet 's Critter Litter next time to have more of it . Sadly , it is not the same product . The Critter Litter is made with a larger pearl , too big for my hedgie . I will have to stick with buy multiple boxes of the 16-oz Potty Litter instead .
 Ok ... so I was skeptical , but my hamster loves this stuff . When I actually fill the little litter box , he is always inside of it . He loves digging in it . He fills it with poo and pee but I think he loves sitting in it best of all ! I have one of those open litter boxes but I am going to purchase the closed top one . My hamster kicks it out when he is digging in the open one . I have gone through one box of this . It does last a long time ! I believe this hamster is smarter then my dog and learned to use the potty right away . I think the hamster is very smart ... everything I seem to show him , he picks up right away . I guess they are much brighter then dogs ... LOL . I recommend this litter and the closed litter box !
 I love that my hamster is liter trained and this liter works great . It is just like scoopable cat liter . Great price as long as you can get the super saver shipping . I will be ordering again !!
 This product is a must have for Syrian Hamsters . I have been using it for several years on several different Syrian hamsters . Syrians are the large hamsters i.e. golden , long-haired -LRB- Teddy bear -RRB- , fancy bear etc. . Using this allows you to go several times longer without cleaning the cage and there is no ammonia smell . Just scoop out the clumped litter everyday.My Robo hamsters did n't use it . I do n't know if Winter-white Dwarfs or Campell 's Russian Dwarfs will use the potty litter but I have heard that they can learn to.If you hamster kicks it out of his box put the litter in another container such as a glass dish with high sides . If he sleeps in it or puts his food in it then your cage is too small , too dirty or too boring .
 My hamster took to this litter right away . She does n't only use it to do her business , but also likes to dig around in it afterwards ... Anyway , the litter appears to absorb reasonably well . Unfortunately , it does n't seem to do a whole lot about the smell .
 We tried a different brand , which looked like gray sand when scattered about , and more like mud when wet.This Super Pet litter seems to satisfy the hamster and its human family . It looks rather like tiny balls , the hamster does not scatter it around so much , and it does not get as messy and ugly when wet . So we ordered more . The only drawback is that the package is small , but I 'm not sure the larger package -LRB- which appears as an option when ordering -RRB- is the same stuff . So we 'll just order more of the 16-ounce version . I hope Super Pet and Amazon keep selling this stuff !
 This is the only potty litter we use for our hamster . -LRB- : He really likes it and we know it is safe for him to use , the only thing is if you have a hamster that likes to chew on things a lot he may view this as a `` treat '' . Our hamster did munch on it when he first got it but it did n't make him sick or anything , which was good . Now , he is more used to it.Suggestion
 Although my hamster poops everywhere , she usually pee 's in her potty house with this litter , and it works great . Price is Great , Amazon Prime free shipping is great , Product Great !
 I have 3 rats . One female and 2 neutered males . I bought a litter pan for them and had been trying out different materials in it to get them to stop pooping everywhere . Nothing was working until I got this litter . I added it and tossed in a few of their little poops and within ten minutes they had used it . By the end of the first day they had all used it.They now use it for poop about 75 % of the time , and for pee almost never.Pros : Works!Easy to clean , just shake and tilt the litter pan and all the pellets go to the edge and can be scooped out.Lasts a long time for the cost -LRB- 2 $ bag will end up lasting me 2 months -RRB- . Does not make them sick from the dust.Cons : They do not like to pee in it.I will be buying this for as long as I have my rats . Excellent product .
 I was a skeptic , I will admit . I had a hamster years ago and never had to do any of the `` cool '' things being done now . However , I bought two dwarf hamsters for my kids and they actually use this litter ! I did n't have to train them at all , I just added the outhouse and voila , it worked . Now , they may still `` leak '' every now and then , but when I cleaned their cage last weekend , there were no wet spots that needed scrubbing -LRB- like I used to have to do with my old one -RRB- . I recommend this litter to any small pet owner.One thing I was confused on is I bought the smaller , cheaper box of litter -- which they are small pellets -- but when I went for a bigger bag , thinking I could save money , the pellets were a bit bigger and the hamsters seem to not have used it . Not sure if I just did n't read the bigger bag right , or I got the bigger ones by mistake.Either way , I am happy with this product and just bought 4 more boxes : -RRB- EDIT
 I have used cat litter , Yesterday 's News for Ferrets , and this is better than either of them . I do n't scoop the litter ; it 's easier to pick up the waste with a poop bag . Eventually -LRB- depending on how many litter boxes I have going and how big they are -RRB- the urine makes a clayish paste on the bottom and when that happens I dump the litter , wash the pan and refill it . I just use enough litter to cover the bottom , so an 8-lb bag lasts a couple of months -LRB- for two ferrets -RRB- . The ferrets are n't tempted to fling the litter all over the place , it does n't stick to their paws or fur , and it 's very easy to sweep or vacuum up . Ferrets that are used to cat litter take a little time to get used to this , but it is worth it .
 My hamster is so good . He uses this potty litter exclusively for urine , and this helps the cleaning process totally .
 This worked well for my rat girlies . It actually lasted relatively long . Yes I would purchase it again for sure .
 I have been looking at my local pet shop for my hamster 's need to feed and care of it . To my dismay , these products come pricey at the store and made me realize how expensive can be to buy locally . Amazon.com has an assortment of suppliers that offer the best bargains and shipping options so you ca n't feel ripped off and happy that the product you buy is on par with the store brands . Cleaning your dwarf hamster is not difficult and you can do it every other week since the soiled areas are minor by comparison making this activity a chore you will feel good to do and your pet will not know or care how often you do it .
 This stuff mystifies me . It attracts my ferret , who will dig in it if it 's clean , and actually use it if I transfer a previous load to it . It dissolves when wet and dries into a weird powder . Does n't fly everywhere even when he digs -LRB- just a few little balls outside the box -RRB- . He wo n't just use the empty litter box , but will when this is in it . I have no idea what kind of sorcery this stuff has , but whatever.It 's also really , really heavy , just fyi .
 I bought a syrian hamster 24 hours ago and my little Hammy is already LITTER TRAINED !! I found this litter and ordered it along with the Habitrail Cristal Habitat and two Habitrail Ovo Dens . My plan was for little Hammy to use one Den for sleep and the other for potty . Well , after I placed my order I realized most websites tell you to find where your hamster is peeing , then place a dish of litter in that area . I was instantly disappointed , but I was n't going to return the litter when it was only a couple of bucks . So I attached the two dens , and filled one with litter so that the litter was just under the opening to the cage . I got Hammy last night . This evening I was watching her sleep in her `` Penthouse '' -LRB- if you check out the Cristal Habitat , you 'll know what I mean -RRB- , and to my AMAZEMENT she woke up , ran down her ladder , jumped into the Ovo Den , TOOK A LEAK , and ran back up to bed . I truly felt some soccer mom pride . I squealed . I called my parents . I called my boyfriend . I was like one of those annoying parents who always brags about his/her children . Anyway , I wanted to write a review right away , but I figured I should wait to see if this was a one-time occurrence . Guess what ? It was n't . Just 10 minutes ago I was watching Hammy run in her wheel ... she stopped , ran to her Den , peed , and went back to spinning.Now , I have not read any testimonials about the Ovo Den and its INSTANT success at potty training , but I highly encourage everyone to try it out . If nothing else , it can serve as a nice little ball pen for your little guy!Satisfied beyond belief . No more stink ! FIVE STARS !
 This pad in combo with the Simple Solutions Potty Training Aid works very well ... . the pads stay in place and absorb almost instantly ... . AWESOME PAD !
 i was n't sure what i was getting because this was less expensive than others ... but it 's been the best of all pads so far . The best quality - the fiber fill does not leak out , it 's the most absorbant , and bonus - it 's a low profile so i can open and close a door over it .
 Pros
 These are the best training pads I have ever used . They can be used several times before discarding .
 Unable to find this product in the stores , the company is not goingto be making it any longer and that is a sad thing because I think itis superior to all the training pads I have ever used . Sad to see it go .
 These pads are great . Very absorbant , odor free , and last . No messy clean up at all .
 These pads sell themselves once you use the first one . By far the Ultra Thin training pads by Simple Solution are the best money can buy . They absorb liquid very quickly and do n't leak like the cheaper ones tend to . I 've tried many different brands and even the economy ones , but none compare to these . Save yourself the headache and buy them !
 These are the best puppy pads I could find anywhere . I have purchased almost every other brand and found that Simple Solutions makes the best of them all . With the price on Amazon with the 4 for 3 offer and the Simple Solutions frequent buyers rebate of $ 1 back on every bag purchased the price remains unbeatable . The quality is much better than Hartz or any brand . Anyone that purchases these will not be disappointed .
 These are the only pee pads that do n't leak , and I 've tried 4 or 5 other kinds . I have a 5 pound Yorkie who is only trained to the pad - we adopted her that way and it works out nicely so we do n't have to plan our activities around someone dashing home to let the dog out to go potty . There are other kinds by this company but they leak ; so do all the other brands we 've tried . The key here is to make sure the package says `` Ultra Thin '' and they are as thin as paper but hold more than a day 's worth of pee -LRB- who knew a little dog could have so much pee !!! -RRB- . They must have some sort of scent , because she found and used it right away once we switched from the leaky kind -LRB- though we did have it in the same spot -RRB- . I thought it seemed gross at first to have a dog potty in the house , but it 's just like the concept of a cat using a litter box , and dog pee does n't have that strong ammonia odor like cat urine does .
 This is the best product that I have ever come by.Works great for two small dogs . Very thick even thoughit looks thin . Leak poof too .
 Love them , Love them , Love them !!! Best pads on the market and a great deal at Amazon.com . If these really are going out of production I 'm going to be seriously disappointed : -LRB- You ca n't go past these for a superior product and Amazon has the best deal on them anywhere !
 Works like advertised . My dog go potty inside the house and this thing work wonder . It does n't leak and smell less then other pads I used before .
 Very strong and lick proof product , I 'm very happy with it and I will order it from now on .
 This is the best product for my purposes -- I 've tried a number of them , and this one is very good quality , does n't leak , stays flat and does n't ravel up when the dog walks on it . I have a 6 # Min Pin who is trained to use these pads ; we travel extensively , and the `` Ultra Thin '' pad folds up small to fit in my purse , so that we can `` potty '' in any restroom , or stay undetected in any hotel . Because they are Ultra Thin , you may need the Simple Solutions regular pad for a larger dog , but beware the economy pads ! They can leak , fluff apart , stick to your dogs feet etc. .
 I have two Staffordshire Bull Terriers . My youngest one has itchy skin . This shampoo seems to help . I would buy it again
 My 65 lb dog does great with this gentle leader . Even my 4 year old and 8 year old can walk the dog when he wears this , because it prevents the dog from pulling . I highly recommend that you watch the included video on how to properly useit . The dog needs to wear it a few times without a leash attached to get used to the feeling of having something around it 's mouth . Give your dog a treat when you put it on the first few times , so the dog realizes he will get rewarded for wearing it . After they are used to it , attach the leash and go for a walk . If the dog starts to pull , a gentle tug on the leash will stop them .
 we took in a rescue dalmatian that had horrible other animals skills and would chase and bark at everything on our walks pulling and tugging make it extremely hard to walk her.After about a month now using the gentle leader we have taught her to sit lay down and our walks are now really walks and not a cat hunt . . Products works if you take the time .
 This product is great ! It works really well ! My dog walks so much better now on a leash , wish I 'd found it sooner ! If you buy this make sure you watch the video for proper fitting .
 I got the medium size , in red not fawn but everything else is the same . I love it , it 's made my walks & runs with my dog so much easier and stress free . At first , most dogs wo n't like it . They will throw themselves on the floor , try wiping it with a paw , etc. . Just keep trying but do n't leave it on them unattended . My dog is a constant puller , and at times it comes on very sudden which is annoying . This took care of the issue immediately . Makes me want to take him out more often . Definitely recommended .
 We borrowed one from a friend to try , and ended up buying two for two different dogs . Works well on a male GSD who pulls on every other kind of collar .
 My dog trainer used this on my Golden doodle for the first time to show me the proper use . I watched the enclosed video and practiced in the house and around my house twice and then was able to walk my entire neighborhood with no pulling . With consistent practice and lots of training treats , I believe this will be an excellent tool and much kinder than pinch collars or fear tactics .
 Good product and price . The dogs love to chew -LRB- and fight over -RRB- them . One sits in her bed and gnaws on one while sitting on and monopolizing two others .
 Bought this toy as a gift for my sister 's westie . Her dog often chooses this chew bone over raw hides and pig ears . Great product .
 My dog is a rescue and had really bad teeth so many of them had to be pulled . But even with just a few , she LOVES to gnaw on this . I love how focused she is when she get her nylabone ... because she just really gets into scraping her teeth against it.I have bought several different nylabone flavors/types but she always seems to prefer the original and chicken flavor.I also follow the directions and steep them in chicken broth for a while so not sure it that flavor penetrates inside because I rinse it off after steeping.She seems to lose interest in them after gnawing off the nubs on one side ... so they do n't last too long . In less than a year , she has gone through 8 of them . I wish they were less expensive .
 I have always purchased Nylabone chews for my dogs . This particular product is a little too large for my 7 Mo old miniature Labradoodle but she will grow into it .
 My dog has food sensitivities and can only have Nyla bones . She has tried them all but her fav is the Nyla flexi bone ! -LRB- She is a husky . -RRB- We will be ordering her more of them ! : -RRB-
 bought the wolf size even though the dog is small , the puppy items are for those with puppy teeth , which I learned is written in small print on the packageas she is a tough chewer , the adult bones are a better fit for uslike the gumabone better than the nylabone as itends up having softer chewed spots
 My 10 month old 80 lbs puppy -LRB- Border Collie and Labrador Retriever -RRB- likes this wolf sized Nylabone Flexi chew bone with the original flavor . He eagerly went to it when I gave it to him an he has worked on it day and night . He has cow hooves as well which he likes .
 Just got this for my 10 year old foster dog . He went to town chewing away last night . He just loved it .
 I got this for my teeting German Shepherd puppy , and it 's great for that . She 's not a super strong chewer yet . But , I have to be careful that my adult Shepherd does n't get a hold of it because she is a much stronger chewer and can tear chunks of this loose.Then the puppy comes along and eats those chunks , and then she throws up.So , to review , good for puppies/dogs who are not strong chewers . BAD for strong chewers . Swallowing small bits of this = no big deal . Swallowing big chuck of this = messy clean up -LRB- or potential other health problems -RRB- .
 We used to buy these in local pet supply stores . The supply stores stopped carrying them . Was happy and excited to find them on Amazon . So were our dogs!You need to watch dogs closely when they chew these and remove the bone once it is small enough for the dog to swallow it -LRB- two inches by two inches -RRB- . Some of our dogs have chewed off and swallowed parts of the bone . Some have even swallowed large chunks . One had to have stomach surgery to remove the large chunk that did n't pass through . Some of our dogs just chew and spit out any chunks or pieces they chew off of the bone . Depends on the dog .
 My Golden Retriever puppy Bailey is 8 months , and he is a super chewer . He can finish a 12 '' braided bully stick in 1-2 hours , devours knuckle bones in a couple of days , and tears up all of his plush toys ! We got him an expensive antler , thinking he would get lots of use out of it , but it was too hard for him and has no scent , so Bailey only half-heartedly chewed on it for 10 minutes , then abandoned it . We were desperate to find something for him that he enjoyed , but would n't be destroyed so quickly . -LRB- And dog toys are so expensive . -RRB- I think this Nylabone is a miracle ! It 's listed for moderate chewers -LRB- which I think Bailey exceeds -RRB- , but he 's been chewing on it and carrying it around for days , and he 's only made a small dent on one end . I will be buying more !
 My boxer has a soft mouth and likes a little give in her chewing . Some of the power chewer bones my Rottie chews up . . are too hard for her . This is perfect for her . No mess either . Stays together and does not get sharp after chewed . No smell like regular real bones either.Nylabone Flexi Chew Bone , Original Flavor , Wolf
 Been giving this bone to my dogs for years . Gave a flexi chew to my co-worker as a gift for his young dog who was chewing up his furniture . It kept his dog busy , no more destroyed pillows or furniture . Now , several of my co-workers have purchased for their dogs . Great product , does not chip dog 's teeth , no messy residue left on carpet .
 We 've experimented with most chew treats on the market and all of our dogs have liked Nylabones . The harder bone choice , the Dura , is really hard and our 65-kb dogs can wear away the knuckles but they have not ever cracked or chipped one . Consequently , I 've worried about their teeth . Our dogs ' dentist -LRB- yeah , they have one -RRB- recommended we try the Flexi.Again , all our dogs love to chew on this and the more aggressive chewers break off tiny -LRB- ball-bearing size -RRB- pieces . Makes a bit of a mess but fortunately the dogs do n't seem to swallow them and they are easy to pick up . Downside
 it is of excellent quality , this one flexible is more favored than the hard ones.My two dogs fight for them !!! there is a nylabone in every room of the house !!!
 Even though it is a bit more flexible it is still pretty durable . My dog is a pretty focused chewer , however I like to mix things up to give his teeth a break , he seems to enjoy this . No chunks breaking off this yet as well which is positive .
 Not for strong chewers , but my dog is moderate chewer and seems to likes it . Good price for a good product.This is a softer more rubbery bone , flexible . -LRB- pieces can be chewed off my a stronger chewer -RRB-
 I have a very active chewer , but she shows little interest in the dura-chews , as they as as hard as a rock . She likes this flexi-chew , as it has a little give to it when she chews on it . No , it will not last as long with her as a dura-chew would , but she actually likes this one !
 This is the best dog harness I have ever seen in 20 years . Great for my Yorkie . Would be great for any size dog . NO MORE PULLING and easy to put on and off ... Does not restrict the dog in a harmful way . Love it
 The whole litter pan is A LOT larger than what I thought it was going to be . It takes up 1/4 of the cage . However , the HI-BAC feature and the smaller entrance part is what sold me on this litter pan . It does what it 's intended to do . Would 've given it five stars , if we would 've had a choice of colors .
 These Super Pet Hi-Bac litter pans are more expensive than some of the pans I can get at my local pet store , but they have significantly higher back and side walls even than other other `` high back '' litter pans , producing better bunny litter box results than any other pan I 've tried . Five stars , and well worth the extra money .
 Like others have noted , the back is actually higher than stated . Mine measures nine inches tall . I actually like that it 's higher though . I ordered this for my rabbit and he loved it so much , I ordered a second one for him . I have the first one in his rabbit run and the high sides protect it a little from the wind . The new one will go in his hutch.It 's big enough that he can hang out in it , or curl up and sleep , which he does quite often ! He definitely prefers it over the other litterboxes we 've tried . It does n't attach to his cage , but he could care less and it 's stable enough for him without that.While I would love the ability to choose the color I received , that 's a minor quibble for me . I have gotten a gray one and a pretty bright lime green one . Hopper and I highly recommend this product !
 These litter pans are wonderful for my pet skunks they are big and roomy and dont tip over like the corner ones I was using . And my skunks love them .
 I bought several of these . My ferrets past away some years ago but I found that their old litter pan was a great nesting box for my chickens . So I have purchased 6 more and put them in the coop . They are a good size , keep the eggs from getting pushed out and easy to clean .
 This was nice and much better than the triangular ones . But I have started using a plastic tup that is about 1 1/2 by 2 feet wide and 6 inches deep . It has really been greast - hardly any ` accidents ' !
 I own an Avian Adventures Hacienda Bird Cage and both me and my Miligold Macaw Sunshine like it . It 's not as big as I thought it would be but working in the bird business it is definitely one of the largest single bird cages I have seen . It is built to last and if you have an escape artist for a bird then this cage is the best choice out there . It is VERY easy to put together since there is NO screws or bolts to mess with , simply SNAP it together and you 're ready to go . I LOVE the Avian Adventures brand and own 2 cages by them , the Hacienda Dome Top and Castillo Play Top . Both my Macaw and Umbrella Cockatoo LOVE them and have plenty of room to play and entertain themselves when I am not home . I would STRONGLY recommend Avian Adventures to any one who owns a bird and wants to make sure that have a SAFE and ROOMY environment to live and play in !!!
 Nu-Cat vitamin pills were recommended for my two cats , now sixteen years old , by my vet . My cats like to eat dry cat food . When I put the pills in the dry food , the pills disappear with the food . The pills are mostly eaten by one cat , Brownie , and only sometimes by her brother , Pi . It does certainly improve Brownie 's fur.This is much easier and safer than trying to give the cats liquid vitamins with a dropper . However , Pi gets the liquid vitamins . He getsHi-Viteliquid vitamin drops . The drops do give him more energy , but are difficult to give to him . If your cat will eat the Nu-Cat tablets , I recommend them .
 I doubt that I 'd have purchased this had I been able to inspect it first , but I bought it online , so ... This clever and well-designed item 's desirability is limited by its having been manufactured from extremely hard , brittle plastic . This will undoubtedly result in its early demise -LRB- forgive me for personifying here -RRB- , which , even for an inexpensive item , is frustrating -LRB- especially if replacements are n't readily available offline -RRB- . The scoop I use for my cats ' litterbox is much more durable ; why Super Pets did n't go the extra mile is beyond me . How much more could it have added to the per-unit cost?My experience with this company 's products , although limited , has been disenchanting . I intend to avoid them in the future .
 I guess I should have done this review when I bought the item so I would n't have to comply with a minimum word count , but these are nice collars .
 I bought this kitty collar for my toy sized poodle because he sporadically runs outside without me . I was afraid he would get hit by cars so I thought that the reflector and glow in the dark would help other drivers spot him . I also like the bell because it jingles rather than the annoying chime most cat bells make . The sounds of these bells will be perfect for Christmas . I ll buy another one for my other small dog.So far it works great .
 Glows in the dark , reflective and good quality . Gave it 4 stars because my cat 's long hair covers most of the collar . Wished the collar could be more thicker .
 The collar glows in the dark to provide increased visibility . We had a black out and at least knew exactly where the cat was . This is also a breakaway collar !
 I have 10 barn cats on my farm but I still look out for their saftey as they were indoor cats . I did a lot of research and this collar met all of my needs .1 . It has a saftey release in case kitty gets caught on something .2 . It has a reflective strip so cars can see kitty at night .3 . It glows in the dark so you can find kitty easier at night .4 . I bought the lime color because it shows up easier during the day and lime color looks good on all cat colors .5 . Has a bell so I can heas kitty and warns it warn the birds and squirrels that kitty is near . The silver bell looks good .6 . The price is the best I could find anywhere.I also ordered the glow-in-the-dark lime color heart shaped pet ID tags with the 24 hour call in center . What a great combo .
 This is a great idea . I do n't have to worry about stepping on my cat when I walk around the house with the lights off . Only problem is my cat has a med size neck -LRB- from other custom collars I 've ordered -RRB- and this collar is very large . I had to move the black plastic buckle to the middle of the `` plastic glow band '' in order to fit my cat . The glow part is plastic and stiff , so the buckle does n't easily adjust to fit smaller cats .
 We absolutely love this collar ! My cats come in and go out as much as they please . This GLOWS and REFLECTS light !! It is so easy to see at night . . especially in the street ! Now if they just could make some similar for children ...
 I originally bought this collar for my indoor cat in case she ever got loose . She 's an all black cat and we live above a highway , so I was particularly afraid that one night she would run out there and that would be the story of her.But after having the collar on her for a few days I quickly realized another positive aspect of it . We can see her at night in the house too ! No more stepping on kitty in the middle of the night . The glowing stripe is also a tell tale sign of where she 's at and whether or not she 's going to try and make a go for the door when I come home late.This collar has prevented a lot of hassle for both me and kitty .
 I ordered two of these about 4 months ago . My youngest kitty managed to get his tag ring caught on some carpeting on his tree while he was climbing . After I heard some commotion , I went into the room and saw that the collar worked exactly as it should have - it broke off , freeing my kitty . If it had n't , my kitty could have strangled if he fell while caught . These are the best things you can buy for your little feline friend !
 This is far and away the best cat collar I 've found . It has a safety release , in case the collar gets hung up . It will release , but does n't just fall apart , like some other collars I 've tried . It BOTH reflects and glows-in-the-dark . This means that if your cat runs out of a lit-up house into the dark outdoors , you do n't need a flashlight to see the collar . It will be glowing . It also means that if a lost and frightened cat runs away from your flashlight beam , you can still see where he is . This is great ! To top it all off , although I was concerned because the collar seemed ever so slightly stiff to me , the cats actually seem to find this to be the most comfortable collar . Even Firebolt , who hates collars , rarely bothers to scratch at this collar -LRB- that ca n't be said for any other collar he 's worn -RRB- . HIGHLY RECOMMENDED . Please buy this for your cat.Please note that regardless of what color collar you choose , the overlay covers much of the nylon and the color of the overlay is always a glow-in-the-dark yellowish color with a silvery-white edge and stars in the middle . -LRB- The color contrast between the 2 overlay colors is not very noticeable . -RRB- The neon yellow and neon lime collar colors blend well with the overlay . The other colors contrast . Either can be nice , just depends on what you like . Just be aware that if you select red , the whole collar will not be red .
 MissKittyWamPuss says thank you for this lovely collar . It really glows , especially when She basks in the sun . She 's a tortoise-shell , and I 'm half blind , and often She 's only a shadow . With this collar I can see Her when She 's underfoot-and before I step on Her tail!It seemed too stiff at first , but it conformed quickly to her neck and I 've had no complaints.I already have the yellow ; I keep one under a light so I can switch out when I really need to see her . Now I want to get the blue !
 I let my 2 cats out into our yard , so I was concerned about their getting caught on shrubbery . I can assure you the breakaway feature works
 This is the best collar we have ever bought for our cat ... you can see it for 1/2 mile at night .
 So far so good as far as collars go . It is stiff as others have commented and the glow part of the collar does show but can be hidden by hair . I like the break-away part the best . I 'm confident that my cat will be able to get out of the collar if he ever gets it caught on something which is extremely important for a cat the goes outside sometimes !
 I ca n't see the collar much , but my cat has long hair . My cat is indoors , but has always worn a collar in case he is let out by accident.He likes it.Any collar is going to get scratched up -LRB- with my cat -RRB- , so I 'll take the $ 6.99 hit.The bell is also less annoying than any other I have tried . Not as bouncy or loud as others .5 / 5 because it 's a collar that works . Got what I ordered.-Mike .
 I love this collar.It 's got a nice clasp , a breakaway type , but it 's not so easy that one brush against a bush will lose the collar.This thing is so bright that I can see my kitty , even in the middle of the night when I get up to go to the bathroom in total darkness . It glows for hours . I think it 's funny when I see GhostCat moving across the room and all I can see is a lime green line .
 I 've bought many collars for my outdoor cat who wonders around and goes in and out our multiple fences . He used to lose collars constantly , sometimes even daily . Until I got this one . It lasts for months and it breaks away fast if he pulls on it when he is stuck ; but it can withstand scratching and teeth pulling so he does n't take it off . The reflector is excellent !! I would not buy any other collar ever !!
 love this collar ! I have bought several glow in the dark collars from my local pet store and it had a miserly thin strip of glow so they do n't glow as well as this collar . This collar even glows indoor when I have my lights on ! Beware that the orange is not a soft orange . It 's a bright/neon orange .
 My cat is indoor/outdoor so I like to have a reflective collar on her for when she slips out at night . This collar reflects well and is easily visible in headlights . I had used the brand sold at PetSmart for a long time , but when the changed the latch to make it more `` safe '' the latch constantly came undone and I 'd find it when I mowed the law . This collar 's latch stays put , but breaks away easily enough that she would n't be injured if it got caught . Overall , a great product .
 I thought I was ordering a blue collar , but when it arrived , the whole thing was bright orange ! I 've since decided that the color is oddly flattering on my cat , so that 's no real problem.It definitely glows in the dark . I 'm not sure how visible it is to a person driving at night , but it makes me feel a little better.Someone has commented that the bell is kind of loud , but that does not bother me . What 's the point of a bell if you ca n't hear it ?
 These collars are priced right , and are GREAT at making you pet visible in the dark . This collar does not need a light to hit it to shine in the dark , it seems to do it all by itself . I can carry my cat into the house during the daylight , and when I go thru the garage which is dark inside , the collar automatically starts glowing . It seems to store the daylight so it can illuminate in the dark . If you love your animals and want to help protect them , I highly recommend this collar .
 My two cats come and go as they please . This cat collar glows and reflects light . It makes it VERY easy for them to be seen , especially in the street ! I will only buy the Premier Glo Kitty collar!I just wish they made something similar for children !!
 I have looked for a passive glowing collar for my cat and this was one of the few I have found ! It works fair outside and very good inside . It glows for 20 - 30 min . after being exposed to light and is very reflective . It seems to increase the viability of my cat to oncoming drivers , and it makes locating my cat much easier .
 I bought this knowing the amount of trouble my can will get into . It has a bell , which was removed because he could n't walk more then two feet without attacking it . A breakaway clasp , which works , but actually stays on his neck . Reflective plastic which also glows in the dark . The reflectors work well outside , but the glow in the dark part does not . It needs to be charged with light in order to glow . The sun charges it the best , but if he is outside at night for a while it stops glowing . This is just like any standard collar except with the reflective surface . It does not cut into his neck like others I have seen . And bald spot under is very minimal .
 This is a good cat collar from a safety aspect . Although it 's not ideal , it 's the best one I 've found yet for my indoor / outdoor kitties.Pros : Highly reflectiveGlows brightly in the darkBreaks away safelyRemovable bellComes in bright colorsCons : Reflective / glow strip causes collar to be stiff and potentially uncomfortable for kitty depending on adjustmentReflective / glow strip can also make collar more difficult to adjust for sizeBreakaway feature may be triggered too easilyBright collar colors partially obscured by glow stripMy cats lose a lot of these collars since they are indoor / outdoor and quite active . Still , I 'm willing to pay for a few extra collars to keep them safer ! I 'm looking for an alternative collar , but until something better comes along , this is your best bet . The manufacturer could improve this collar by either finding a reflective / glow strip that is not as stiff or decreasing the length of the sewn-on strip by a couple of inches so it does n't go all the way around the collar and is therefore easier to adjust for smaller cats and easier on their necks . Shortening the strip would also make the bright color underneath more visible . Another improvement would be slightly increasing the tension at which the collar breaks away.That being said it 's still an overall good product that could just use a few tweaks . I 'm still giving it four stars based on it being both highly reflective and having good glow-in-the dark visibility as the description promises .
 I like the reflecting part and the glow-in-the-dark part . One night I was wearing my headlamp and I all I could see was this collar bouncing through the grass as our cat ran back to me.They snap on easily and seem to let go when the kitty is in trouble . Our kitty comes home without her collar two or three times a year , that 's how I know they let go.I got a great price , probably because they are pink . Honestly , my kitty does n't care!Once you get the collar adjusted to way you like I suggest you use tiny rubber bands at each end to keep them flat. : - -RRB-
 We have a strictly indoor cat and this collar has been great so far . Very sturdy and durable material , and best of all it is VERY bright , but I guess that mostly depends on how long it 's been exposed to direct light . The break-away snap does n't release as easily as we had feared before purchasing it , so the collar 's managed to always stay on . The bell is a little loud , but I personally like it that way.This collar 's been very helpful in being able to see where the cat is in the dark .
 These pads are great for maltese and yorkies and all small breeds that are trained to go inside . I suggest the 200 pk rather than the 100 .
 I got a new puppy for the first time a few months ago . He 's small and we live in an apartment , was not yet potty-trained , so I needed to get him some puppy pads . I initially picked up a dozen for about ten to fifteen dollars at a local store in the midst of doing my original supply run in anticipation of my baby.These pads are MORE ABSORBENT than the ones I got originally , which actually had the Arm n Hammer name on them . They are incredibly cheap relative to most other pads . No need to buy the expensive ones , even considering shipping costs . Great product .
 I 've been using this product long . I 've tried to uses other brands but come back to this . Even though this maybe a bit more expensive than others but those cheap ones has just paper towel in and can not hold my dogs one time liquid . This product can hold more than once thus making it more economical .
 These pads work great . My puppy tends to go in the doorway & these pads are the perfect size to put down . They are very absorbant & hold a lot of liquid .
 These pellets work nicely in my sump , I actually make a sock with some old pantyhose and place it next to my flow hose . They do the job . Of course , the best solution is to determine where your nutrient export is coming from , but these are a nice stop-gap solution .
 I had an outbreak of red slime algae which really took it 's toll on my 14 gallon biocube . Afterward I decided to switch to only invertebrates . After a series of water changes and using this product I finally have my nitrates reading nearly zero . Follow the directions closely and give it time .
 I use this in a 20 Gallon tank for Platties . My Nitrate has stayed much lower and I 've needed much less water changes since using this .
 I use this in all of the bio-bags for the HOB filters , and I also have added it to one of my canister filters . It seems to help lower the nitrates , but it does take some time to become active for some reason . I typically put this in nylon mesh bags and rinse them , before I place these inside of the target filtration devices ... just to keep it all more manageable for cleaning .
 These are my Bunnies favorite Treats , he comes Running every time I Shake the bag . Made with Real Carrots and Oats they are a Healthy Treat . I 've had a Hard time finding them in Stores , so I was Excited to see them on Amazon . You wo n't be Dissapointed with these , and your Bunny will Love you Even more for it !
 I 'm so glad you have these rabbit cookies it 's the only place I can by them my rabbits love them : o -RRB-
 The rubber bottom keeps it from slipping around , and it 's solidly attached to the stainless ; so , no messy gaps to collect food like some of the other `` no slip '' bowls .
 We have 4 cats who are aggressive eaters . They were getting kitty acne on their faces from plastics bowls , even ceramic ones were irritating their chins . These dishes are excellent - perfect size . The cats seem to prefer this shallow size to the regular deeper style . The rubber bottoms definitely keep them from sliding around - which was a problem we had with the plastic and ceramic bowls . By far the best bowls I 've ever had and I 've had cats for 20 years . Could n't recommend more !
 I tried other bowls with a higher profile - like a small dog dish - but my cats would just knock them over or they would slide around on the floor . This wide , flat bowl with the rubber ring on the bottom work very well . The food stays in the bowl , for the most part . The bowl stays put and the cats like the wider space so their whiskers do n't get crumpled inside the bowl . The bowls are also very easy to clean and sanitize . The 12-oz size is good for single servings , but if you leave food out all the time in larger quantities , you might want to try the next size up . Measurements
 Easy on kitty whiskers ! Nice and shallow perfect to lick clean without rubbing the face and reaching every last bite .
 A great bowl for cats.A nice size , cleans well in the dishwasher , good looking , stackable.We now own four of them -LRB- for two kitties -RRB- and they are going strong .
 I own over 5 of this type of item . It is a great kitten/small pet dish . Cleans up nice and has a non-skid bottom . This helps keep it from tipping and moving around while the pet is eating . Unlike plastic it will not hold bacteria or absorb smell and oil from food.I do kitten and puppy foster care . We have to feed small amounts . The humane society that we volunteer at uses this bowl too . The description is miss leading , if you look at other sites they include the dimensions -LRB- 1 '' deep with a 4.5 diameter or 5 diameter -RRB- .
 Love these bowls - easy to clean and cats dont have to chase around room with the rubber ring bottom - as usual received quickly ... can always count on amazon to locate just about any product needed without having to schlep from store to store !!
 I have 4 cats . One of them gets chin acne which the vet said was caused by plastic bowls . I ditched the plastic and thought about ceramic bowls . Every ceramic bowl I looked at was made in China or Mexico and I do NOT trust either country not to put lead in the paint or some other harmful substance . They poison people with no problem so they could really care less about pets . I purchased about 7 of these bowls in different sizes -LRB- Amazon only sells a few sizes -RRB- and have had them about a year now and every other day they get dumped in the top rack of the dishwasher to be sterilized . The rubber on the bottom is fine . They are heavy and stay put . I am very pleased with them . The blogger who complained about the size should look around another website . This manufacturer makes many sizes.If you need a larger bowl with lower sides - try the Bergan Pet Platter . I just purchased 5 or 6 of these bowls in different sizes and like them very much .
 I purchased these bowls in January 2011 ... I have had cats for years , and have purchased many cat bowls/dishes . These are , by far , the best quality/functioning dishes of all ! These bowls are low profile , so my older cat with only one tooth left has an easy time finishing all of his food ... But . . the best part ... they are very durable with an inserted/permanent ring of rubber that prevents slipping/movement when they eat ... the rubber ring has not degraded at all after many washes in the dishwasher ! Purchasing more today so that I can always have clean ones available ! Regarding the `` size '' ... th 12oz bowl easily holds a full can of 6oz cat food -LRB- I feed 2/3 can twice a day -RRB- . . the actual liquid capacity is 8oz -LRB- water to the rim -RRB- ... Hope this helps !
 I have used these bowls for many years for cat food and water dishes . The rubberized base keeps them from sliding around and from scratching any surfaces . This is a great replacement for plastic or ceramic dishes that may cause allergic reactions or harbor bacteria that can be harmful to your pet . They have held up to the dishwasher on a practically daily basis and only show minimal wear of the rubberized bottom -LRB- SEE UPDATE BELOW -RRB- . Quick and easy to clean , and they come in a variety of sizes . I just ordered a bunch to give to a local shelter , and would gladly order more for my own use if mine ever need replacement . At first I thought that they seemed expensive , but since they seem to last forever , they are well worth it.Updated
 The non-skid rubber on the bottom of these bowls do NOT smell or give off gas as one reviewer complained of . I own at least 7 of these bowls in all different sizes . I also own several ceramic bowls but got concerned about possible lead in the paint -LRB- that Mexico/China junk -RRB- and too many were accidentally broken or chipped . NO PET -LRB- CAT , DOG , whatever -RRB- should eat out of plastic bowls-especially cats . One of mine got bumps/acne on her chin that turned out to be an allergy to plastic bowls . No plastic - no acne . I like ceramic pet bowls but finding one manufactured in the USA is like finding a needle in a haystack . Also , ceramic breaks and chips . Steel bowls are the answer BUT not the cheap , cheesy steel pet bowls . These are HEAVY bowls and not made of thin inferior steel junk that chips/scratches easily and then rusts where it is damaged . The Durapet bowls say India/Japan patents pending . Unlike Mexico and China , India and Japan are honorable manufacturing countries and besides , it is hard to screw up steel.Buy these bowls for your cats and dogs . They will avoid eating off plastic -LRB- never a good thing -RRB- and you will not have to worry about inferior products or buying bowls for many years to come AND you can place them in the top rack of your dishwasher to really sanitize them . The rubber does NOT come off the bottom even after YEARS of dishwasher cleaning .
 These are my favorite cat feeding bowls . They are small , weighted , i.e. they do not slide around the floor and stay put , and the non-skid rubber around the bottom is integrated into the bowl , so no annoying rubber ring to fall off as is the case with many other designs.They are also nice and shallow which is what cats prefer when given a choice because it does n't bother their whiskers as much.The stainless steel is good quality and we have on occasion thrown these in the dishwasher with no noticeable rusting or damage to the rubber on the bottom . Yes , they are a bit pricey but in my experience these are the most durable cat dishes I have ever used and I have had -LRB- and fed -RRB- cats for almost 30 years . I would always buy these again .
 EDIT
 This bowl is perfect for my cat . It is the ideal size for the small portions he prefers and is easy to clean . I have two and am thinking about ordering more .
 I have several Durapet bowls and love them all . The rubberized bottom makes it very hard for my mischievous cat to knock them around or tip them over . I even keep one water bowl on a wide windowsill where he likes to hang out and although it has been there for years he has only knocked it over once . But be careful about the size . This one although it is marked as 12 oz -LRB- by the manufacturer -RRB- only holds 8 fluid oz . I am told that the 12 oz refers to weight of the food it can hold but really , if I filled it with gold -LRB- and do n't I wish I had enough gold to fill it -RRB- it would hold a lot more than 12 oz by weight . So I guess the 12 oz refers to average -LRB- whatever that is -RRB- weight of cat food . At some point the bigger Durapet bowls seem to be labeled by fluid oz -LRB- e.g. , 1.5 pints -RRB- but when in doubt contact the vendor -LRB- for my purchase that was Whole Healthy Pet -RRB- before ordering . He is the nicest person to talk to and very helpful . Oh , and by the way , the 12 oz bowl makes an excellent saucer for me to use under the little pots of oat grass I grow for my cat . Also the Durapet bowls seem to last forever and are indestructible as well .
 for my four cats and I love them . They 're the perfect size for one meal of wet food 3xdaily , nice and small so they can all eat next to each other . chin acne problems from plastic bowls are gone . they do not smell , are not rusty , and are super heavy-duty , withstanding daily cleanings . have had for a year now and highly recommend , worth the money for outstanding quality .
 We 've purchased many of these bowls for feeding our cats , and we 've been absolutely satisfied . The quality of the bowl is great , there 's a rubbery ring on the bottom that keeps it from sliding on linoleum , and they can be cleaned in the dishwasher .
 I use these bowls for water dishes and bathing dishes for my Finches and they love them . I 've bought about 40 of these in 3 different sized and use some in cages with only 2 finches and the larger ones on cages of 10 or more finches . I use them to feed the egg-food in the morning and special treats in the afternoon . They have the rubber on the bottom so they stay where I put them . As I clean up each portion of the day I just put those dished in the dishwasher and clean everything at the end of the day . The stainless steel is great . The only problem I 've had was getting the blasted labels off the side of the dishes . Gene
 I have three cats and wanted all of them to have metal bowls for sanitary reasons . I have had them for a little more than a year now , and after being washed multiple times weekly by hand , they look as they did the day I first got them . This is a perfect size since cats do not eat very much and it encourages against over-feeding -LRB- which is great since most domestic cats are overweight -RRB- . Great bowl !
 Since plastic is not a good choice for cats and after having many broken ceramic bowls I was searching for an alternative . Tried the small stainless steel bowls from a local store but they are thin and light so the cats just push them around making a lot of noise and mess . Also a shallow bowl would be better as the cats seem to dislike sticking their faces down into their current bowls . So I was happy to discover that Durapet makes a shallow cat bowl which will fit my needs perfectly . I have owned this product in a large size for dogs for several years and they are sturdy and well made . The dog bowls have been used primarily outside in all temperatures and often washed in the dishwasher but the blue rubber on the bottom , although now lighter colored and a bit dried out , is still intact . Note to other reviewer looking for ceramic bowls made in the USA - Homer Laughlin makers of Fiesta ceramic dishes also makes ceramic pet bowls in the US - but I 'm still going with stainless steel because of the durability .
 I ordered several of the 8 oz . bowls and have been using them for almost a month . I have 9 cats and the bowls are used twice a day -LRB- for canned food at breakfast and dinner -RRB- . They still look as good as they did when they arrived . They are the perfect size for a canned food meal . If you free feed dry food , you would probably want a larger size , especially if you are feeding more than one cat . They wash up very well and make a nice tight and sturdy stack that would be difficult to knock over -LRB- unlike the ceramic bowls I used to use -RRB- . They -LRB- obviously -RRB- will not break and , unlike a few of the reviews stated , do not have any smell to them whatsoever . I will be ordering more of these bowls , including the larger sizes for my two dogs .
 Bought a Durapet bowl from a local store and was very happy with it . Ordered a couple of stainless steel , supposedly skid-proof bowls from a pet website . They are too light , and slide while my tiny dog tries to eat from them . The paint on the outside of the dishes started peeling the first time it was put in the dishwasher -LRB- they said `` dishwasher-safe ! -RRB- Was very happy to find Durapet quality on Amazon -LRB- love Amazon ! -RRB- Ordered two bowls , one small and one large , and they are perfect . Probably will never need to buy another one , but would definitely recommend it to anyone who wants to avoid China-poison paint ceramic bowls , but wants something that wo n't skid.Thanks , Durapet !
 I have 3 of these bowls but did n't know the size of them -LRB- were they 8 or 12 oz ? -RRB- , so I poured water into one and it held 8 oz . So , I figured I had the 8 oz size and ordered it . When I received it , it was much smaller than the ones I had and I gave it away . I went back and ordered the 12 oz one and am much happier with it . They are wonderful for food dishes for my cats , but both sizes are too small for water . The rubber bottom had an odor for a few days , but it quickly went away . I would recommend the 12 oz size . You will be happy with your purchase .
 I have dachshund puppies . I use this size bowl to put in the pool w / the mom to feed her 4-5 times a day . It is the perfect size for this . It cleans so easily & I love the skid resistant ring around the outside bottom . When mom 's eat , sometimes they push the bowl & this does not push . Love it !!
 My kitten was used to eating out of a bowl like this , and I forgot it in the move , so I ordered this and she started eating regularly again . Huge relief . Easy to clean , non slip bottom , and the one I ordered is bigger than the little bowls she had back at our old apt . Which is great , because she eats much more than she did then , and I do n't have to find wet food all over the floor from her piggy style of eating : -RRB-
 Cats love this and so do I. Much easier to clean than other bowls I 've had . Sticker easy to remove . Nothing to hate here .
 I love these dishes . Just the perfect size for a cat , easy to clean , and holds just the right amount of food and water .
 Love this product !!! Best money I could have spent with 6 cats in the house . The rubber base keeps the bowl from sliding and it 's heavy enough to last a lifetime through many dishwasher washings !
 This is my first automatic feeder . I 've been using it continuously for ten months without any problems . When I go out of town , I have no worries about my fish.The good : - it has worked reliably for me - it holds weeks worth of flakes - I have n't had problems with moisture , even without using the air input - adjustable feeding quantity - 1 to 3 feedings/day - low battery warning - batteries lasted me 10 months with 3 feedings/dayThe bad : - programming interface is poor . The 24-hour clock starts * at the time you set it up * , which means if you want the first feeding at 7am you have to wait until 7am to program it . - I ca n't program it without the manual . It 's not simple enough to figure out , and there is n't an instruction plate on the unit . Now that I have to change the batteries , I have to go digging for the manual . - the program is inflexible . There is no way to pause the program , or to make the unit do a one-time extra feeding . The multiple-feeding/day interval is unchangeable -LRB- 12 hours for 2x , 6 hours for 3x -RRB- . - bulky with limited mounting options . The unit has to sit on top of your tank , with the feeder output over an opening . The base of the unit -LRB- the black part in the picture -RRB- is about 4.5 '' , with the feeding slot -LRB- clear plastic part -RRB- extending past the base with a 1 '' wide opening.I had to experiment over a few feedings to find a position that would get all the food into the water . I put velcro strips on the base and attached it to a heavy drink coaster with a felt bottom . It does n't move around and wo n't scratch my acrylic top.Despite the inflexibility , I 'm happy with this thing because I really have no worries when I 'm on vacation .
 Have had the product for a few months now . It is working and seems to be reliable . Only wish you could program it by entering a time into the feeder . You have to set it at the time you want to feed the fish and then it just counts the hours until the next feeding ... once a day , twice a day etc. . The amount you feed depends on how wide you open the hopper . Make sure you have enough food in the feeder since it works off of gravity and the rotating hopper to drop the food into your tank .
 I was kinda worried about how well it would work , since I bought it here on Amazon and the reviews made it look kinda sketchy , but I 've owned it for nearly half a year now and I have not once had a single problem with it . I did notice though that if you place it over the surface where the bubbles from your air stone come up , the inside of the feeder does get a bit of condensation causing the food to clump a little and for it to shut down . But as I found out after doing a little bit of research , that is expected of ANY feeder , and the condensation will usually KILL it as well , so I guess this feeder is a toughy .
 First of all , setting up this feeder is the simplest thing ever . There is only one button , which pressed repeatedly , allows to select 1 , 2 or 3 meals/day that have been preprogrammed at the most logical time interval of each other -LRB- that is 24h , 8h , and 6 hours , respectively -RRB- . The first meal is repeated at same hour each day , which coincides with the time you set the feeder . It 's up to you to decide when you want to feed your fishes the first meal each day . I do n't see any problem with that , unlike many other people before me did.The canister that holds the food is a lot bigger than you can see in the picture , most of it being hidden in the main body of the feeder . It probably can hold same amount as one of the Tetra 29 g -LRB- 1.02 oz -RRB- of flake food . That 's -LRB- a lot -RRB- more than a month worth of food for my fishes , so no worries here . The amount of food that is dispensed at each time can be adjusted and if the amount of food still does n't seem to be sufficient for the number of fishes you may have , I would suggest to try more frequent meals , I mean more than 1 or 2 . 3 meals a day is a little too much from my experience , while 1 is not quite enough . 2 meals a day should be ideal I 'd say . Another option would be buying some feeder that is double in price or even buying 2 feeders and put them to run in the same time . I guess you have to be inventive , but for any normal amateur aquarist this type of feeder is ideal and meets their needs.The mounting is done the most natural by placing the feeder on the hood of your aquarium , and nothing else being necessary to keep it in place , although 2 velcro strips are provided . No clamp is provided but I believe that is obvious from the image . If , for any reason you can only mount the feeder by using a clamp , the alternative is to get a cheap clamp from a Dollar store but my tanks need cover anyway or else the fishes will jump out.I even like that there is the option to connect it to the air pump so clumping is prevented . I do n't know if that would happen otherwise , but I decided to use the air as well . The pressure is n't high enough to see flakes flying , but the producer made sure that the air supply is cut in the time of feeding to prevent an overdose . That being said , I believe this feeder to be very good for what it is intended , and paying more would only matter for bragging rights , not performance.There is an update I 'd like to add to what I have previously stated . After some time using two of these feeders , I have noticed that the small plastic clips that keep the canister in the body of the feeder have a very good chance to break . So you have to be careful when inserting or taking out the canister for a refill and also make sure you buy a good , intact unit . I am however considering different remedies , since plastic clips are n't going to set me back now . On a market invaded by cheaply made chinese products this is n't a surprise or is it -LRB- this product is actually Italian -RRB- ?
 Love it ! No problems at all ... Fairly sturdy and very easy to use.The only issue is , wish it would dispense more food at a time . I have large fish and I still have to add a little xtra food at the end of the day . But is actually more than enough if you are going away for a week . My fish are just pampered.If you are looking for soemthing cheap that gets the job done . This is the one !
 Works perfectly and seems to be very reliable . I 've had it for about 6 weeks and the food has never clogged or become wet . Consistently delivers the right amount of food each time .
 not sure about all the whining , this is my 3rd one -LRB- I have 3 tanks -RRB- they work perfectly , not a problem yet ... had about a year ... keeps food dry via air hose connection ... easy selection 1,2 , or 3 times per day .
 Not a bad fish feeder , at all . It runs very reliably , the dispense amount is decently consistent for a hungry fish , and I have gone about 6 months now without changing the batteries . No complaints here .
 This worked as stated . Great job for whoever thought of this . I 've told my sister-in-law to inform her boyfriend about this .
 It works just at it is supposed to but it is larger than I expected . Works great overall !
 I thought this litter scoop was so cute ! I love the little bunny face on it . It 's very useful for loosening my bunny 's packed-in litter in the corner of her litter box . -LRB- It tends to clump together and STICK -RRB- However , I am not sure why the makers decided to put slots on the bottom of the scooper . You ca n't see in the product photo because there is a sticker on it , but there are horizontal slots on the scoop . Bunny poops are tiny and round , and unless I have a garbage can right next to the area I am scooping , I ca n't clean the litter box without dropping about 20 poops on the floor ! It would have been a lot better if they decided to make the bottom solid ! I can see where a design like this would be necessary for cat litter , but rabbit litter is nothing like that . I use CareFresh litter , and her pee clumps together , but the poops are just loose . Oh well , the problem can be avoided by keeping an extra steady hand to ensure I do n't let anything fall through the holes -LRB- I just have to balance it -RRB- Regardless , I think this is a good scoop , and DEFINITELY an upgrade from using latex gloves and clawing the litter our with my hands - yuck !
 With this stuff I had my rattie litter trained in no time , and it keeps her cage smelling so much cleaner . She does n't object to the way it feels under her feet , and she doesnt try to eat it . She has n't scuffed it out of her litter box since the first day I used it , and she seems to like it better than the other litters I tried during litter box training .
 Just love this litter . Our Holland Lop drinks a lot of water in Hawaii , which would make the critter litter in the box turn to cement , as one reviewer noted . I put a layer of wood shavings in the litter box to soak up all the liquid and then put a thin layer of critter litter on top . We use a large corner litter box for our rabbit , so I usually add another layer of sawdust and critter litter on top the second day and clean the box on the third day . Originally we made our own litter boxes out of soda case boxes -LRB- husband drinks a lot of diet coke -RRB- , and just threw the box away every few days , but got tired of making the boxes . You will need to scrub out the litter pan occasionally , but the wood shavings seem to keep the `` cement '' from forming . The smell is virtually nonexistent.One thing , the bag is not rabbit proof . Our rabbit runs loose in the house and once I blocked one of the rabbit 's favorite spots with a new bag of critter litter . She shredded it trying move the bag out of the way . The litter was easy to sweep up and put in the old bag .
 This is perfect for my ferrets ; we switched from Yesterday 's News a couple of years ago . It does n't smell when it 's dirty , it is n't dusty , and my ferrets are n't tempted to play in it and fling it around -LRB- anymore ! -RRB- . An eight-pound bag lasts about a month -LRB- two ferrets and multiple boxes -RRB- . Wish it came in bigger bags , though !
 I was using plain old kitty litter before I starting buying Critter Litter . I was such a mess it was almost not worth litter training . They would drag it around the cage and make a big mess . Now however , these stuff is perfect . It does just what I need . As for the litter becoming cement like yeah that does happen . It happens to a lot less of a degree if you add a good inch to the tray no just enough to cover the bottom . Just make sure you add enough and it is great . It 's a little pricey but the amount of time and effort it saves me its worth it .
 Ok ... it works ! Little to no smell in litter box . The bunnies like it . Happy family ! Only need to use a little .
 This has really cut down on any offensive litter box odors and the waste scoops right out . The only `` problem '' is that some good litter is bound to be scooped out with the bad when you 're scooping the urine ... but other than that this is great . I agree that it needs to come in larger sizes !
 We expected slightly smaller litter pieces , based on the picture , but our hamster still seems to like it just fine . It beats the PetCo 6oz . box for $ 7.99 and lasts 4 times longer .
 Hydor has done it again . Consistantly this brand sets the bar . This heater is great , being very stabile , durable , easy to clean , and easy to set . I use two 300w ones for my 125 gallon . Only wish they made a model for larger tanks .
 I purchased this on the recommendation of several fish forums.It 's fantastic ! It has a dial on the side to specify the temp , and once done , it keeps it there . Very efficient way to heat a tank , as ALL water must pass through the heater to return to the tank.It 's the only way I 'll heat my fishtank from now on . I have no worries about an in-tank heater causing burns , or weakening the glass , as this is totally outside the tank , and in the return line from the filter -LRB- a Fluval 405 in my case -RRB- . I confirmed via an in-tank thermometer that the temp that I dialed in is in fact the temp that the heater is keeping , and I 've had no problems.Takes a bit of work to get it working with the Fluval filter -LRB- I had to get non-corrugated tubing at the hardware store to replace sections of the ribbed tubing that Fluval provides -RRB- but once in place , you can dial it in an forget about it.Highly recommended !
 I installed the Hydor ETH 300 watt heater on my 65 gal freshwater tank and I must say I could n't be happier . I connected it to the return hose of my Fluval 406 canister filter . I needed to purchase two Fluval hose ends to properly make the connections . I set the temperature at 77 deg . And it holds it there perfectly . The elimination of a heater inside the tank is well worth the extra few dollars I paid for this unit .
 No problems ... I run mine in line with a Fruval 306 . Connections are solid no leaks , drips , spills . Temps are right on ... zero fluctuation .
 Qualidade geral boa , manual bom , envio r&aacute;pido , funcionamento razo&aacute;vel.Poderia ter com as conexes maiores , com dimetros maiores.Atende o que promete .
 This product works great I have a reef tank and I have been runing the heater for about a month now and it holds the temp right on targetSeller was very fast with the order came in 4 days with 7-10 day shipping That was great ... Thanks so much for everything !
 I am a long time fish keeper now specializing in discus . I have owned just about every brand of heater in my over thirty years in the hobby . No heater I have even owned is comparable to this one . It is quite simply far better than any other aquarium heater . Easy to set , accurate , holds temperatures extremely stable . It must be used with a canister filter which I notice the Informational Blurb does not include , but if you run a canister filter on your aquarium this is the one to own .
 This ETH-300 has been working great for almost a year now . I have it hooked up to the Hydroset thermostat in my 90g male Peacock Cichlid tank . Its plumped inline to my Fluval FX5 using some 1 '' x 5/8 '' barbs . It keeps my tanks temp steady at 79 , every once in a while I 'll set it to 80 . I love the digital display.Nothing else to say ... it works and works well . Just make sure you get a thermostat to hook the heater up to just just as added protection in case of a heater failure .
 I installed this heater on a new 75G saltwater tank . Water was about 68deg when I started and it only took about 8 or 9 hours to get the tank to 78deg . I have a very good digital thermometer and this heater keeps the tank + / - .3 degs from target temp . Great heater and a good value .
 I get tired of looking at glass heaters taking up room in my fish tank or having to wipe the glass off or having to worry about larger fish breaking the glass . I found this product at a local pet store and amazon had the lowest price . It is easy to install inline with the filter and is super reliable and easy to adjust . I never have to look at a heater inside my tank again and cleaning is easy . To clean you can just use a took brush or the larger pipe cleaners . I highly recommend this heater for any fish tank .
 Really short review
 Bigger than I suspected it would be , but it works fabulously . It does have 3/8 '' ID connectors which was not convenient for all my other 1/2 '' OD stuff so I had to make a trip to the hardware store . Other than that - it 's doing a great job !
 the only issue I had with the salt was some of the bags where broke open which I figured happened during shipment .
 Kent marine salt is a high quality salt that mixes easily . My corals are doing great good growth great colors . On my LED pro tank I had to add buffers and alkalinity boosters but on all my other tanks are doing great without it . I hate adding suppliants to my tanks and with Kent I do n't have to all parameters are in spec . the vender that sold this item provided quick delivery .
 After trying several salt mixes over the years and finding them ALL lacking in some respect , I went online to get advice about the best mix for a very densely populated reef tank . The consensus seemed to point to Kent Marine Reef Salt Mix . After having used it for over 2 months , I must say that the consensus was right . It mixes instantly , has no residue and maintains remarkably high and consistent levels of calcium , magnesium and trace elements -LRB- I have not had to supplement at all -RRB- . And , most importantly , my animals are thriving.Clearly this mix is the best and it is n't even the most expensive !
 it makes the pH a little high like 9.5 so thats the downside and also i think its a little expensive when you can buy a 200 gallon box of instant ocean reef crystls for the same price and is a much better salt brand .
 This product helps us keep our pond healthy and clear . We use it whenever the pond begins to become murky . The beneficial bacteria helps the pond to process the leaf litter that blows into the pond .
 This makes my tank look a little yellow and my fish are n't as pretty . That being said , my plants look great ! they have been suffering for a while , but now they all look fabulous . I swap this bulb out for my old one if I know I am having guests , but normally keep this one on .
 I bought this to replace the Aqueon bulb . Everything in the tank looked the same . I 'm not sure about lifespan . It was a good price & packaged well
 Installed and have very good light . Needed new starters ! 1.97 for two at Lowe 's . But that was my light fixture . Once replaced the light was beautiful and my fish in my 100 gallon are as happy as can be . Will order again in a year or so . Will only leave more feedback if they do n't last for that long but I bet they do .
 I find these bulbs work just fine . They are bright and the daylight 5500K is nice in my aquarium . I see no different between these bulbs and the more expensive ones , except the better price . Nice to have a competitor to the brand I 've always used in the past .
 For a price that was around a third of what the big chain pet stores were charging I was expecting the worst . I got the 48 '' lights I ordered and all 4 worked perfectly . I returned the pet store lights and saved a bundle !
 These Daylight Fluorescent Bulb T8 15 Watt , 18-Inch tubes are much brighter than the original yellowish tubes . Hoping with the winter plants will do better inside my full time motor home . They work very well for my 12 volt DC fixtures , unlike another I ordered without knowing it was for 120 volt AC ONLY .
 Price was great at 1/2 the retail price . Product arrived undamaged and within the quotedshipping time .
 This is a great feeding system for small -LRB- under 20 lbs -RRB- dogs ! The ability to store his food underneath his dishes is so convenient . I am very happy with this product !
 I adopted two rescue dogs and I have put them both on Nupro Silver a year ago . The difference this product has made for them is amazing . My austrailan cattle dog had a broken leg and it was never set correctly-she was three years old and had trouble getting up and when she played to hard with her playmates she was so sore and stiff for the next 24 hours . I started looking for supplements and after my research and vet visit NUPRO SILVER was the answer - she is no longer sore at all even in the winter ! My new rescue was a mess when we adopted him . He had mange and was so underweight he was anemic and heartworm postive . We put him on Nupro also and today his coat and skin are beautiful he is no longer anemic and we are winning the battle with the heartworms !! Overall Nupro gave his whole system a big boost . I would recommend this product to anyone who wants to try a holistic options for their dogs health and save alot of money not having to go to the vets often ! One vet visit cost us the same as a years worth of Nupro Silver ! That to me makes it worth it ! Best wishes fellow dog lovers .
 I have used NuPro Joint Support powder for my dogs for several years.It 's tastey . Of course , I speak only from observation . It makes a brown gravy when mixed with warm water and added to dry food . My dogs gobble it up and it looks yummy.I love it because I know I am supporting their health from the inside out . Even though I buy a high-end , nutrient-packed dry dog food , I noticed their coat and skin quality improved when I began adding NuPro Joint Support . Of course I purchased it for one of my dogs with severe hip dysplasia . I added it to both dogs ' food just because I wanted them both to have the benefit of the nutritional boost . -LRB- Ca n't play favorites ! -RRB- My dog with hip dysplasia , Wolfer , was given 4 years to live because he was born with malformed hips and I was told the pain would kill him and he would n't be able to walk . He was on a regimine of only NuPro and a supplement called Glycoflex for 8 years before I had to start him on medications for pain -LRB- Deramax -RRB- . He lived to be 12 . He swam , he ran lickety-split through tall grass , played with Jazzy -LRB- my other younger bigger dog -RRB- and followed me up and down steep steps in our house many times a day . On the last day of his life , we took a swim.Was it just the NuPro ? Probably not . But I 'm sure it had a part to play in both the length of his life and the quality of the time he had with me.Now Jazzy is older , stiff and limps a little . You can be sure she gets her daily scoop and a half of NuPro in her `` dinner '' every day . She deserves the best and NuPro helps me provide that for her . Scrappy , her younger Terrier-mix playmate who scoots around and is full of pep also gets the supplement in his food . I consider it prevention.It 's expensive , but I feel it is worth the expense when I see the obvious health , vigor and longevity of my beloved pound-puppies . I took on a responsibility to care for them when I adopted them . Nupro is part of the `` care package . ''
 I started my German Shorthair , Buddy , on Nupro Joint Support about 8 years ago , at age 8 , when he was diagnosed with hip dysplasia . Within weeks , he was running with me again with absolutely no limping or indication of pain . He readily ate the supplement mixed with water in his kibble . I never had him on flea or tick repellent because the garlic and brewer 's yeast in the formula seemed to repel them -LRB- and I live in a rural area with plenty of deer ticks -RRB- . His coat was always shiny and he exuded health . We hiked together almost daily up until the day before he died . He was 16 years old . Was his longevity a result of the product ? Probably not , but I believe his joint health was . I can not recommend this product more highly . I adopted two labs and they are both now on the Nupro - not because they have hip problems - they do n't . They are on the Nupro because of the improvement in vitality I see in them on this product .
 Price was great at 1/2 the retail price . Product arrived undamaged and within the quotedshipping time .
 We have 2 leopard geckos and there is plenty of room for 2 adult geckos in here and they love it !! They sleep in here all day and then pop out at night for dinner . This is perfect if you have kids because you can take the outside panel off and the kids can see the sleeping lizards and my kids love it !
 This den is a great accessory for my leopard gecko habitat . I have two -LRB- will be getting another soon ! Excited ! -RRB- leopard geckos in a 40 gallon tank , and this reptile den is by far their most used hide . I love that you can remove the front cover and check on them , or even leave it off during the day , they do n't seem to mind spending the whole day in the den without the cover on ! They spend probably 80 % of their sleeping time in the den , they have 4 different hides in the tank so it 's of us this den is homier than the others . There is space for 2 adult leopards on each floor , so four could live comfortably in this den . If you have 5 I 'm sure they would be fine , there is a bit of extra room , but I do n't think they will like it as much . The magnets are strong , and yes there is some hazard when closing that you may injure your animal if you are n't careful , so I always either nudge the geckos deeper in to avoid any chance of pinching them , or only put the cover on when they have left the den to be even more safe , but I do n't think there is a huge risk . Be careful yes , but not scared haha also , the den seems to be a bit too big for a 10 gallon tank , it fits fine but does fill up more space than you 'd expect . I 'm sure a 20 gallon would do fine with this size , it looks great in my awesome 40 gallon tank !
 We searched for a place for the lizard to hide , yet we wanted to be able to watch him . This item is perfect . It was not at any of the 5 local pet stores . We were so happy to find it at Amazon.com and now use it ! We think the lizard is happy too !!
 I have a leopard gecko and she ADORES this den . She normally hides in her favorite spot under a hollow tree . Literally 10 minutes after i put this in the tank , she climbed in and relaxed for hours . She LOVES it ! best thing about this den is that you could remove the exterior magnetic rock and take a look at your animal at a closeup view . They tend to feel really safe inside of it . I promise that your reptile will enjoy this den -LRB- unless of course its too big to fit inside -RRB- .
 Pros : * Nicely shaped , and decent looking . * Great for being able to view your pet without having to disturb their habitat . * Can be used as a moist hide/micro-clime * Two levels allows multiple animals to easily share if they choose to . * Magnet is strong and holds together well . Never put the two pieces together without something in between them ! * Will last a long time when taken care ofCons : * The plastic is somewhat brittle , if you drop something , like a rock , on this , or drop it during cleaning it will crack , but on the bright side , it does n't shatter or chip and is still useable with cracks . Mine has multiple cracks and functions no problem . * The magnet is strong , so you have to be careful that when you open and close the hide that your pet does not have any toes/feet/tail / etc. between the glass and the hide , otherwise they could be injured . I have never had this happen with my leopard geckos , but it is something to be careful about . * Depending on where you buy this item , it will probably be overpriced , as most pet supplies are . * Dogs , cats , & small children are capable of knocking the outer piece off , so be aware of what it will fall on if it is knocked off . It can break or break other things when it falls or hurt your toes . My cats have knocked it off occasionally by stepping on the outer piece as they jumped onto the tank.I would give it 4 1/2 stars now and I 'd give it 5 stars if the plastic was a bit less crack prone when dropped.I 've had this hide for a few years for my two leopard geckos , who seem to enjoy it . It 's a good product and I 've never regretted purchasing it . It 's really useful because it allows me to view them while they are inside , which makes it much easier for me to check on their well being . It also allows them to easily be shown to other people and children without having to remove them from the cage . I imagine that any reptile or even amphibian who can fit comfortably inside this hide would enjoy it , as will their owners .
 you must have this item if u have a reptile.i have a crested gecko and leopard gecko and let me tell u that this looks awesome.i got the medium and its very big and heavy and durable and sure 21 bucks might seem over prices but its not.trust me save money and get the medium cause its big enough.i honestly thought they sent me the large because it was so big and heavy.but yeah its worth the 21 bucks.perfect for a reptile who loves to stay hidden and safe .
 Put this in my leopard gecko 's cage , and he loves it . I read other reviews about how if you were n't careful you could get their toes or tail stuck . I carefully read the directions and as long as the ground is completely level , the rock will not move ! Love it !
 This is a great hideaway for a snake ! My milk snake spends all of his time in here and it is so easy for me to take a peek and see how he is doing . The only issue is that when replacing the outside the tank peice , the magnets tend to pull really hard and can scare your animal .
 The magnet idea was kind of unique , it adds an interesting look to my desert terrarium . It functions well and my leopard geckos love it . The large size has two levels , and my two geckos do n't mind sharing the den because each one gets their own level.They also love pooping in the den however , and after I rinsed it with water I found that it has a few holes that trap water and it 's hard to get out . I would give it 5 stars if it was easier to rinse , but all in all I am happy withe the purchase .
 My leopard gecko was getting a little to big for the small rock I had for him . He does not like getting sprayed with water , but in this rock he will just sit in the bottom as I spray the top , where the moss is . He spends more time in there than any of his other hides .
 It 's a great product . Be sure to properly level so the den is completely flush against glass to ensure no tails or toes can get between it and the glass.I bought the medium thinking it would be great for my single Leo . It is a little smaller than I had hoped for.After researching it it seems like the size difference between medium and large are significant . The top level in the medium is pointless for a Leo . I 'm returning this to upgrade to the large as I have large tank anyways.I recommend that all new reviews post the size den they buy and the application , as all the reviews for all sizes are in one place . It can be confusing as a buyer to know what size to buy , even with reviews .
 It 's a great hide . My leopard gecko prefers this hide to all others I 've tried . If you use it properly , and place it flat against the glass so it ca n't move , it 's perfectly safe . The medium size is perfect for a leo from juvenile through adulthood . It 's a very thick piece , but placed directly over the heat tape , it stays nice and warm in my drafty house .
 Not much to say about a light bulb in a review . I bought two of these for my aquarium over a year ago . They are still working and my plants are still flourishing . It has exceeded its expected life and is probably is due for replacement because these kinds of bulbs degrade before they fail , but in this case any degradation is not apparent . Will definitely buy again .
 It works . I have no complaints . It arrived carefully packaged and in one piece . But if you plan on using this with aquapod aquarium and want to use two of these , you better have a backup plan because your tank will overheat . Aquapods are primarily designed for saltwater , I 'm using mine for freshwater so I have two of these lights in there and it runs HOT . It 's not the fault of this product , but of the aquapod for having little ventilation for the water . so I 'll still give it 5 stars .
 Our Shetland Sheepdog -LRB- Sheltie -RRB- , Buddy T. Dogg , was a `` rescue '' and was horribly abused and neglected . He is now about 9 years old and had slowed down a lot this past year.I contacted the wonderful Lady who `` saved '' Buddy and the other 13 Shelties from the same place , to inquire what she would suggest.Pat suggested Nupro for Dog , Silver and suggested that I made a tasty `` Gravy '' with it adding a little water and putting it on his dry food.We have had Buddy on this for almost one month now and wow - what a difference!He use to get tired -LRB- or now we think possibly sore -RRB- playing ball , which was his favorite thing to do . Now we acts like a puppy again , running , jumping and playing for long periods of time.I did n't tell my family that I had started Buddy on this . They noticed the difference in his actions and happiness and wondered what was different.Thank you , Nupro for making this excellent product and for allowing our beautiful little Sheltie many more years of running , jumping and playing !
 I have a 2 year old chihuahua who is usually obsessed with tiny toys but not the case when monkey showed up . . Co-worker purchased monkey # 1 for her German Shepard but quickly realized that her GSD would tear through the monkey in one minute so my dog lucked out and he got the monkey . This monkey is his favorite toy . Its color turns disgusting because we dont have carpet in the house and he takes it everywhere . . so I ordered monkey # 2 in February realizing that the even if I throw monkey in the wash , he looks gross . A few weeks ago , I noticed monkey # 1 -LRB- Yes , I kept both , my puppy was having too much fine have two . . haha -RRB- had a shoulder injury . Given that this monkey is his favorite , I dont blame the quality of the toy . He has managed to pull stuffing out of monkey # 1 so I will retire him when monkey # 3 comes today . . yeaa for 2 day shipping . He is a good toy for small dogs that like to bury their heads into a toy and clean the monkey . Even better , the monkey is light enough for my dog to do his weird `` throw the toy on his back '' move that he loves to do so much . Do n't ask . . my chihuahua is one of a kind . Get the toy , your puppy will love you for it .
 This multipet monkey curly pets dog toy is just right for night-time quiet time . He is very soft and plump and our dog , Omee , loves to fall asleep w/her head on his tummy . And for all his softness he is quite sturdy .
 I bought this for my boy and he really adores it ... he throws it around and loves the squeaky noise inside . My other dogs are n't as thrilled with toys the way he is , so it 's a joy to pick out a toy especially for him . It 's cute , it 's light and it 's soft and snuggly . At the moment he 's on the bed with his head resting on this dog toy.That pretty much says it all.Love your animals , give them special gifts !!! They deserve it !!!
 My dog loves this toy , and even takes it to bed with her ! I 'm astounded at how strong it is-she tosses it around , chews on it , gnaws on its limbs , and it is still looking as good as new . The squeaky makes an interesting `` monkey '' sound that she likes , and I find preferable to the high pitched squeaker in most pet toys . She is a 12lb dachshund/maltese mix , and this is the perfect size for her to play with . I definitely recommend it .
 Length :
 My miniature dachshund loves this toy . When the box arrived and tipped over to the floor once opened , she grabbed it while still in the plastic and ran off with it immediately ! This is her habit to steal things anyway . With the plastic off , she played with it like it were alive and really mauled it over !
 Bought this toy for our 4-month-old poodle . It 's his favorite toy and with his razor-sharp little teeth biting it constantly , it still looks likes new . He loves the squeaker . Definitely would recommend .
 I 'm not sure if it 's the softness or what , but our dog likes this more than the normal stuff animals -LRB- of course those do n't squeek like this does -RRB- ! Seems pretty durable
 This is the only animal toy that my puppy has n't chewed or ripped apart yet . Iv ' e had it three months and my puppy still plays with it , although the squeker did break after about a couple of weeks ... and its gone through the wash a few times -LRB- i have n't put it in the dryer though -RRB- i 'd recommmend it for anyone with a puppy or smaller dog -LRB- i have a black lab but shes not a ` power chewer ' -RRB-
 Wow . My dog has had this toy since he was a puppy and carries it around everywhere . The squeeker is gone and so are the poor monkey 's ears but my dog lays with him between his arms and licks him and loves on him all day long ! It is so cute
 Bought this for our future puppy as a welcoming gift . I 'm sure she will enjoy cuddling up with this toy when she comes home . Later on , I 'm sure she will enjoy tearing into it .
 Our pup loves this monkey - it has so many appendages to bite ! He has had it for 2 weeks and it shows no signs of destruction so far ; even the tail is intact . However , after a few days I took out the squeaker just for my peace of mind . I felt the slit that holds the squeaker in was too large and it would be too easy to get it out . There is no velcro or anything holding it in . The dog is just as excited about the toy anyways .
 We got this toy for our Cockapoo and she loves it . She likes playing with it , but also will carry it under my chair and use it as a pillow . I could n't recommend a toy more . You wo n't regret it .
 Great quality toy ESPECIALLY for the price . My dog rips through everything within a week , anything NEAR plushy , but this little soft plushy monkey thing has survived biting , gnawing , and thrashing for the past month without a problem . No holes in it yet , no ripped seams or anything . Even the little string on the top of its head is still intact -LRB- and not from lack of trying to destroy it either -RRB- ! Also , the noise it makes is lower pitched & happens after the dog releases it -LRB- upon re-inflation -RRB- so unlike alot of toys , it does n't get louder as the dog gets more vehemently obsessed with chomping at it.This thing is great . Definitely ordering more to stock up in case they ever -LRB- god forbid -RRB- decide to stop manufacturing it .
 I bought this toy for my yellow lab mix puppy -LRB- 1 year old -RRB- and she LOVES it . I was concerned when it came and it was smaller then I was expecting , but it has held up very well . She did chew its ears off , but there are no holes in it . She loves the grunt noise that it makes and it is one of her favorite toys .
 I have two miniature dachshunds who love to chew . I bought this and they loved it but chewed the faces and paws off very quickly . The body itself is holding up well but the softer material on the other areas were easily chewed off . My dogs do love this though , even with the nose and hands chewed off the carry it around and sit with it all the time . It just does n't look too good !
 I do n't know who loves this thing more , my dog , or myself . I have a 9 month old chocolate lab that runs around with this monkey all the time . She 's had this monkey for two months now and it has held up . In the first week she pulled a few stitches loose , and a week ago the squeaker stopped working , but other than that , this thing is in immaculate condition considering it 's owner.In regards to the squeaker itself , it is wonderful . I have n't found another squeak toy I do like.I have already purchased a second one for my other lab who is 2 years old.Highly recommended .
 Larger and softer than I expected this monkey is about 8 '' stretched out . He makes not a squeek but a monkeyish grunt when squeezed . LIke a sleepy monkey might make if disturbed . Despite trying for a week my dog has done no damage so far . Maybe he is being less rough cause it looks a bit like me . I will replace it when he has disemboweled it but no signs of that yet .
 I love this toy . It is about the only toy that still squeaks . And is the only one my Dachshund has n't been able to chewed through . Is soft and fluffy and very washable in my wash machine . Also , the best thing is , my Chihuahua and 2 Dachshunds can play with . I would say that it would work with everyone from German Shepard to Chihuahua !!
 We have had a hard time finding toys our dog does ' t chew up and remove the sqeakers , the first day she gets them . This one has lasted longer than anything she has ; Our Precious wo n't stop playing and cleaning it like it is real .
 I bought this for my , now 6 month old Rottie puppy . He loves this soo much ! We named the monkey George and every where Niko goes , George is right there with him . He even takes him on his walks around the neighborhood!He enjoys playing , sleeping and lying around with George and so far has n't demolished him ! George may not have a tail or ears but still has his stuffing and is in one piece , unlike most of Niko 's other toys.If anyone asked me about this toy I would definately recommend it since it has become my puppies best friend !
 I bought this for my 8 month old Labarador PUPPY . It 's hard to find toys that he does n't destroy in the first 5 minutes . This one has lasted so far for a few weeks , so I could n't be happier . I do n't expect chew toys to last very long , and this one has lasted longer than I expected .
 I bought this after reading all of the great reviews on Amazon . . and I have say that this really has been and continues to be is a fantastic toy for our dog Daisy -LRB- Cocker -RRB- . She is trained in the field of stuffed animal destruction , yet she can not do much to this toy . She still tries on a daily basis but the monkey is still holding together after about 5 weeks . She carries this monkey around and likes to rest her head on it when she naps . If your looking for a toy that actually lives up to its billing - buy one and see for yourself . Would recommend for smaller-mid size dogs only , would be too small a toy for a larger breed like lab or golden . .
 My 5month old Maltese with baby teeth like razor blades can not tear this monkey apart , as much as she tries . And the fur is so soft and ticklish , she loves to lay down on it .
 My dog loses interest in it fairly quickly because it 's hard to make squeak . But it is durable - he tries to tear it apart and has n't yet .
 Honks repeatedly . Glad I bought two . This toy will be forced to honk until my two dogs manage to shred it , which does n't seem to be tonight , gift night . Anyway not as sturdy as the Loofah dog or as prone to muteness as the pig but a very good toy .
 omg the dog loves this thing , kids named the monkey `` frank `` the dog carries this everywhere ... a hit ...
 I was very welled pleased with the order because I received it in 3 days and I think that is very good . I had to returned part of my order because it did n't work and I did n't have a problem at all . They were very nice about it .
 The noice maker the monkey makes & has is different from the small bubble other toys have inside & my small dogs enjoy it .
 I am writing this on behalf of my dog , Cooper , who truly loves his monkey ! Very happy , the stuffed animal is soft and excellent for launching across the living room . ute and fuzzy , a lot of people simply think he is left over from a child , but Cooper would argue that it is his baby . Great toy for the mutt you love
 The good thing about this is that it looks really real ... the plant helps alot with hiding humidity and decorations . I bought this for my BP and it helps alot just that the small is way to small rather bye medium or large
 Holds up well and easy for the snake to pass through while giving her a nice covering . Rigid enough that it will stack nicely from cave to cave .
 I love using suction cup plants because they are easily removed and cleaned . Sturdy for my arboreal geckos to lie on .
 Exo terra hanging plants ' quality are still pretty good.mandarin looks beautiful in the terrarium , however , it will look fake if you place it directly under the light .
 I bought this for my baby leachie gecko who did n't seem satisfied with the smaller cover plants I had originally put in his tank . This plant I attached to the rear wall so that it hung down like a curtain and my little lizard has been chilling behind it ever since . I think this works best as a sort of curtain cover that hangs down rather than a floor covering since it is a bit flat and dense . It does n't look fake from further away but the color sort of gives it away from upclose ... unless you mix in some real plants and moss which can help trick the eye . If you 're looking for some bigger plant cover for your reptile , this is a good choice for you , they also have many assorted leaf styles so check those out also !
 I have it in my 10 gallon tank with my pacman frog . It was a lot longer than i thought . i have the suction cup on the top side of the tank and it streches all the way across the tank . The suction cup may not stay up , but if you first lick the suction cup or wipe it with a wet rag then stick it on it will stay on stronger . Looks great and does not hurt the animal . Would buy again .
 this plant is awesome . very large made for lots of privacy for the lizards . and -LRB- as with all exo terra -RRB- the suction cup is awesome !!
 why does amazon want me to write a review on fake plants for my reptiles lol they 're green ! and fake . . my reptiles could n't give two shits if they are , so why should I !? haha
 I got this for my chameleon and he loves it . Half the price of what you would pay at the pet store .
 The product came as a single plant with multiple vines off it and only one suction cup to attach it . The rest of the plant can be hung from the top of the tank . My corn snake loves it . I had thought that the item was going to be a single vine with multiple suction cups and bigger leaves -LRB- they are a little bigger than a quarter . -RRB-
 its a fake plant for terrariums it looks nice snake seems to like it Id recommend it for any animal that lives in a terrarium .
 My only complaint is that there is only one suction cup . I had no trouble attaching it to the side of the tank but it just sorta hangs there from that one suction cup if you do n't have anything else to attach it to . I had to kind of get creative and attach its branches to my snakes hideaway .
 I had to cut some on the plant off to fit in the cage that I have properly . I bought extra suction cups for it as it only comes with one . My frog loves it and it is so easy to clean .
 This item it amazing my iguana just loves it . Creates a really nice green environment and im please with the result . The item came right on time and in real neat condition .
 i bought about 5 or 6 of these for our chameleon , he seems to enjoy them , he usually kills other plants we put in , so these keep it green in there .
 When I bought my bearded dragon from the pet store , I originally bought him a medium sized one of these . I never thought that he would love it as much as he does ! He 's constantly sleeping on it , climbing on it , or hiding under it . Happy to find something that he loved so much , I was ecstatic to find them not only listed on Amazon , but to find them for much cheaper than the pet store sold them ! While I paid around $ 4 on here for the small Mandarin plant , I would of had to pay $ 7 for the same thing in store . As soon as I got it in the mail , I cleaned it and then placed it into Dumbledore 's house . He eagerly went to climb on it as well as his other one . I 've never had a problem with the suction cups coming off , knock on wood . However , I do have a small dragon , so that may be why he can lay entirely on top of these with ease and security . No matter the size of your dragon though , I recommend this product ! I will definitely be buying more in the future , especially as I upgrade his house size . : D
 I purchase several different kinds of these plants for my Ball Python 's aquarium so he would have more of a jungle feeling to his habitat and more hiding places . I am very happy with the look of all 3 different kinds . If I ever decide to purchase more , I will definitely be getting these .
 I purchased 3 of these for my 20 gallon tank and my anoles love it ! They love running up and down the plants . I am very pleased with the size and look of the glossy leaves and the suction cup works nicely , unlike many other in-tank products with suctions cups . I will be purchasing a couple more for my tiger salamander tank . I definitely recommend this product for pet owners that dont want to deal with live plants in the tanks !
 The leaves were a lot smaller than I had anticipated but being that i got the Large , it was a lot of plant . The only problem with it was the suction cup . it didnt want to stick at first and it was really annoying but -LRB- it may sound gross -RRB- after applying some saliva its actually kind of difficult to remove . my cornsnake absolutely loves it < 3 She actually spends most of her time sleeping on it rather than in her hides so I get to see her pretend to be tree boa for the later part of the day :D great product , its stiff enough so that she doesnt fall when she lays on the plant but soft enough to be gentle on her scales . Defintely going to buy another one when I upgrade her terrarium . It wont be the same kind because I like variety but I definitely reccomend this product . keep in mind it doesnt look % 100 realistic , but it looks really nice in a terarrium : D
 i just have to say that my breaded dragon loves to sleep on this and hang out on it more then his log it was the best thing to get kush thank you ...
 I bought these for a beginer gecko cage . I bought the medium so that I could reuse it in a bigger cage when the gecko gets bigger . Well , this ended up perfectly ! I was afraid I was going to need another plant for the smaller cage but since the leaves are small and there are so many of them it grabs just enough water for the gecko to drink ! I am super excited and will deff be buying another one when my gecko gets moved into a bigger cage ! :-RRB- Thank you so much !
 They look really nice and blend really well in the tank . My turtles absolutely love it ! looks good in a 10 gallon tank as well
 My son 's corn snake loves to hide in the plant . Looks great in the terrarium and make it seems wild like . I also bought the medium branch and they go great together .
 Easy to move around and position . Can bend the stem . My pacman frog loves the shade it gives and two brown anoles lounge on it frequently .
 Just upgraded my red-eared slider 's tank size -LRB- again ! -RRB- and purchased one of these . Suction cups to the wall and looks great . He likes to float in it while sticking his head out of the water . He and I liked it so much , I bought 2 more yesterday !
 The only way to anchor it in the terrarium is with the suction cup to glass . I wish it had more so I could anchor it in a couple of different places , but that 's my only complaint . It 's easy to clean and maneuver . My crested gecko loves getting lost in the leaves .
 Adds a nice look and additional hiding spot for my Ball Python . The plastic leaves/vines are a little on the hard side , but the colors are bright and vibrant . There are about 4 or 5 long vines , two that are about 18 &#34; , that you can spread around to offer lots of coverage.I have it on the cools side of a 20 gal long tank , using the included suction cup , and spread the vines/leaves over and around the water dish . Now , my herp will hang out under the vines as often as he will hide under his cork flats on the hot side and middle . I like it because I can still partially see him under the vines . I was originally planning on snipping some vines off to use for another terrarium , but I like this enough to purchase a second unit instead . I would recommend this product for someone looking to add foliage/additional hide spots to a terrarium .
 These are great lights . The speed at which That Fish Place ships orders is amazing , they never let me down , and they were extremely well packaged .
 Great product . The lamps are slightly smaller then their competitors to fit into the very tight Current hoods . If you choose another companies replacement lamp you many find it too long / thick to fit .
 I got this for my chameleon and he loves it . Half the price of what you would pay at the pet store .
 The product came as a single plant with multiple vines off it and only one suction cup to attach it . The rest of the plant can be hung from the top of the tank . My corn snake loves it . I had thought that the item was going to be a single vine with multiple suction cups and bigger leaves -LRB- they are a little bigger than a quarter . -RRB-
 its a fake plant for terrariums it looks nice snake seems to like it Id recommend it for any animal that lives in a terrarium .
 My only complaint is that there is only one suction cup . I had no trouble attaching it to the side of the tank but it just sorta hangs there from that one suction cup if you do n't have anything else to attach it to . I had to kind of get creative and attach its branches to my snakes hideaway .
 I had to cut some on the plant off to fit in the cage that I have properly . I bought extra suction cups for it as it only comes with one . My frog loves it and it is so easy to clean .
 This item it amazing my iguana just loves it . Creates a really nice green environment and im please with the result . The item came right on time and in real neat condition .
 i bought about 5 or 6 of these for our chameleon , he seems to enjoy them , he usually kills other plants we put in , so these keep it green in there .
 When I bought my bearded dragon from the pet store , I originally bought him a medium sized one of these . I never thought that he would love it as much as he does ! He 's constantly sleeping on it , climbing on it , or hiding under it . Happy to find something that he loved so much , I was ecstatic to find them not only listed on Amazon , but to find them for much cheaper than the pet store sold them ! While I paid around $ 4 on here for the small Mandarin plant , I would of had to pay $ 7 for the same thing in store . As soon as I got it in the mail , I cleaned it and then placed it into Dumbledore 's house . He eagerly went to climb on it as well as his other one . I 've never had a problem with the suction cups coming off , knock on wood . However , I do have a small dragon , so that may be why he can lay entirely on top of these with ease and security . No matter the size of your dragon though , I recommend this product ! I will definitely be buying more in the future , especially as I upgrade his house size . : D
 I purchase several different kinds of these plants for my Ball Python 's aquarium so he would have more of a jungle feeling to his habitat and more hiding places . I am very happy with the look of all 3 different kinds . If I ever decide to purchase more , I will definitely be getting these .
 I purchased 3 of these for my 20 gallon tank and my anoles love it ! They love running up and down the plants . I am very pleased with the size and look of the glossy leaves and the suction cup works nicely , unlike many other in-tank products with suctions cups . I will be purchasing a couple more for my tiger salamander tank . I definitely recommend this product for pet owners that dont want to deal with live plants in the tanks !
 The good thing about this is that it looks really real ... the plant helps alot with hiding humidity and decorations . I bought this for my BP and it helps alot just that the small is way to small rather bye medium or large
 Holds up well and easy for the snake to pass through while giving her a nice covering . Rigid enough that it will stack nicely from cave to cave .
 I love using suction cup plants because they are easily removed and cleaned . Sturdy for my arboreal geckos to lie on .
 Exo terra hanging plants ' quality are still pretty good.mandarin looks beautiful in the terrarium , however , it will look fake if you place it directly under the light .
 I bought this for my baby leachie gecko who did n't seem satisfied with the smaller cover plants I had originally put in his tank . This plant I attached to the rear wall so that it hung down like a curtain and my little lizard has been chilling behind it ever since . I think this works best as a sort of curtain cover that hangs down rather than a floor covering since it is a bit flat and dense . It does n't look fake from further away but the color sort of gives it away from upclose ... unless you mix in some real plants and moss which can help trick the eye . If you 're looking for some bigger plant cover for your reptile , this is a good choice for you , they also have many assorted leaf styles so check those out also !
 I have it in my 10 gallon tank with my pacman frog . It was a lot longer than i thought . i have the suction cup on the top side of the tank and it streches all the way across the tank . The suction cup may not stay up , but if you first lick the suction cup or wipe it with a wet rag then stick it on it will stay on stronger . Looks great and does not hurt the animal . Would buy again .
 this plant is awesome . very large made for lots of privacy for the lizards . and -LRB- as with all exo terra -RRB- the suction cup is awesome !!
 why does amazon want me to write a review on fake plants for my reptiles lol they 're green ! and fake . . my reptiles could n't give two shits if they are , so why should I !? haha
 The leaves were a lot smaller than I had anticipated but being that i got the Large , it was a lot of plant . The only problem with it was the suction cup . it didnt want to stick at first and it was really annoying but -LRB- it may sound gross -RRB- after applying some saliva its actually kind of difficult to remove . my cornsnake absolutely loves it < 3 She actually spends most of her time sleeping on it rather than in her hides so I get to see her pretend to be tree boa for the later part of the day :D great product , its stiff enough so that she doesnt fall when she lays on the plant but soft enough to be gentle on her scales . Defintely going to buy another one when I upgrade her terrarium . It wont be the same kind because I like variety but I definitely reccomend this product . keep in mind it doesnt look % 100 realistic , but it looks really nice in a terarrium : D
 i just have to say that my breaded dragon loves to sleep on this and hang out on it more then his log it was the best thing to get kush thank you ...
 I bought these for a beginer gecko cage . I bought the medium so that I could reuse it in a bigger cage when the gecko gets bigger . Well , this ended up perfectly ! I was afraid I was going to need another plant for the smaller cage but since the leaves are small and there are so many of them it grabs just enough water for the gecko to drink ! I am super excited and will deff be buying another one when my gecko gets moved into a bigger cage ! :-RRB- Thank you so much !
 Easy to move around and position . Can bend the stem . My pacman frog loves the shade it gives and two brown anoles lounge on it frequently .
 Just upgraded my red-eared slider 's tank size -LRB- again ! -RRB- and purchased one of these . Suction cups to the wall and looks great . He likes to float in it while sticking his head out of the water . He and I liked it so much , I bought 2 more yesterday !
 The only way to anchor it in the terrarium is with the suction cup to glass . I wish it had more so I could anchor it in a couple of different places , but that 's my only complaint . It 's easy to clean and maneuver . My crested gecko loves getting lost in the leaves .
 They look really nice and blend really well in the tank . My turtles absolutely love it ! looks good in a 10 gallon tank as well
 My son 's corn snake loves to hide in the plant . Looks great in the terrarium and make it seems wild like . I also bought the medium branch and they go great together .
 Adds a nice look and additional hiding spot for my Ball Python . The plastic leaves/vines are a little on the hard side , but the colors are bright and vibrant . There are about 4 or 5 long vines , two that are about 18 &#34; , that you can spread around to offer lots of coverage.I have it on the cools side of a 20 gal long tank , using the included suction cup , and spread the vines/leaves over and around the water dish . Now , my herp will hang out under the vines as often as he will hide under his cork flats on the hot side and middle . I like it because I can still partially see him under the vines . I was originally planning on snipping some vines off to use for another terrarium , but I like this enough to purchase a second unit instead . I would recommend this product for someone looking to add foliage/additional hide spots to a terrarium .
 My Yorkie absolutely loves this toy . It is his new baby and he carries it all around the house and uses it for a pillow when he takes one of his numerous daily naps . It is VERY soft and I am sure makes an excellent pillow . My baby -LRB- I am speaking of my Yorkie of course as they are the best babies !! -RRB- also loves squeaky toys and this pig makes the coolest sound - not a squeak - so not as annoying for those of you who have a dog like mine who has OCD with the squeaker !!! Do you ever get the squeaky toy at 6:00 a.m. right in your face - you know what I am talking about right ?? If you get it I hope your doggie loves it as much as mine does .
 We have an Old English Sheepdog , and Brittany Spaniel who have enjoyed this toy for two whole weeks until it finally got a small hole -LRB- that is definitely sew-able -RRB- ! The OES is a heavy chewer , and they play tug-of-war with it too . Well worth the money .
 I recently bought my daughter an imperial shih tzu and gave her the Curly pet as a gift with her puppy as well as many other toys . Yoko has picked her favorite - the curly pets . I purchased this pig and a monkey and she loves them !
 My Rocky has not put his toy down !! He loves it an that is all that matters . Its almost bigger than him . And sooo soft . My chihuahua is such a treat an so was the little pig . The squek it makes is a perfect noise - YOU did it again as usual Amazon , now you have my pets hooked on your site !! thank you for everything , Marylou
 If your cat loves toys with feathers this is quite the novel toy . Not only does it bounce , it has rope and faux fur . This toy can be thrown across the room and as it bounces your cat will catch it in mid-air . My little cat -LRB- Princess Meesa -RRB- loves this toy and tosses it about recklessly . She takes the feathers in her mouth and then flicks her head back to make it fly up into the air . This `` Vo-Toys '' treat is also made from non-toxic materials and colors so it is healthier for your pet . ~ The Rebecca Review
 My cat loves bouncing toys that she can carry around in her mouth . We 've tried other toys but nothing compares to this - she 's obsessed . She 'll occasionally lose one of these under the couch but I can always tell exactly where it is because she 'll sit and stare at the spot where it is until someone comes to her rescue and fishes it out for her.Construction seems solid , the feathers come out after not too much effort but that generally seems to be the case with most cat toys .
 I have a 120 gal freshwater aquarium with about 50 - 60 fish ... Corey Cats , Clown Loaches , Mollies & several varieties of Tetras with a few Chinese Algae Eaters to boot . I change 25 % to 30 % of the water in my tank each week and this equates out to about a bottle -LRB- 16 oz -RRB- of Cycle a month . At over 20 bucks a bottle it 's a bit on the pricey side . However , at Amazon I found it for just a little over 10 bucks a bottle and my tank looks beautiful ALL of the time and it is n't eating up my budget!Cycle is in my opinion the single best aquarium supplement on the market ... It is the ONLY supplement I have used in the last 4 years.Creative Coral Reef was the seller , and I am VERY impressed with their service.Sincerely , Ralph C. Kinzel
 I have used Cycle for many years to keep ammonia levels at zero . it works wonderful . I have tried other like products and never had much luck . just high ammonia levels . Cycle always does exactly what it is suppose to do . in fact it works so well that my 20 Platties have turned into almost 100 Platties ! Highly recommend this product to all fish lovers who want to keep their pets safe .
 When I ordered this leash for my miniature schnauzer , Daisi , I was expecting only a longer length leash so she could explore more as I jogged the trails around home . What I did n't expect was how easy it is to use , Or how quickly and smoothly the retracting mechanism functions or the reflective stitching on Daisi 's end . This is a GREAT leash . I notice there are others available with stronger -LRB- larger ? -RRB- cords for larger dogs . I do not know about them . The up to 26 pound size I bought is ideal for Daisi and me to walk and truly enjoy the experience .
 I really like this leash , the action is smooth and the leash stays taut at all times . Cheaper versions will tend to drag on the ground . The only problem with this leash is that just a couple of days after purchasing it , the rubber necking came loose . I 'm not sure that it is all that important to the action , but it seems that feature needs to be fixed . Overall - a very good leash that allows my dog freedom and me - piece of mind !
 I get the 26ft ones and go through probably about 4 of these a year . This is nothing bad on the leash its self , its my dogs that cause the damage . One of my dogs is right at the top of the weight limit and the other one likes to chew on the line and acts like its a play toy . So for the abuse that these things go through , I am lucky to get away with as few of them as I do ! I do think the price is a tad expensive but it is the price I pay for having 2 great dogs !
 The handle is a little too big , I wish they would have had one that was just as long , but with a smaller handle . Otherwise , the leash is great . Very well-made !
 I personally love these leashes . It makes my dog feel like I 'm giving him a good amount of freedom and prevents me from going underneath trees and such that small dogs like to go into . It does n't get stuck and works very smoothly . I would definitely suggest this product . I am using this for a 7lb chihuahua so almost no dog is too small !
 I have a 38lb Cardigan Welsh Corgi and I needed to replace my old leash . I went with this one because it was the longest that I could find . Its built well and does what it needs to to keep a 38lb dog in check .
 This is the BEST toy for my little Pom . He loves carrying it aroung with him and when I put it in the basket with all his other toys he digs until he comes up with his Dino . I keep several on hand in case his Dino disappears .
 My dog LOVES this toy ... took him more than a year to get the squeaker out . Although he did chew off the feet ... it has been one of only two toys that have survived my tough chewer ! Even the no stuffing or `` for aggressive chewers '' toys do n't survive long with my Pembroke Welsh Corgi ... he has to remove the squeakers for some reason . This is the BEST ! He chews it , snuggles with it , plays with it , fetches it , you get the idea . Highly recommend !!
 My Maltese loves his Dino ! He chews on it all the time . I throw it out the back door and he chases after it ... too cute . It 's too funny watching him walk around with it hanging out of his mouth ... looks like a pipe . I need to find another small orange one . Please let me know how I can find a small orange one .
 This is the best dog toy ever . It is made of a durable rubber material . Comes in various sizes . I get the size that will fit great for my dog , Kaci to put it in her mouth . She loves to play catch with ` Dino ' . When she gets the Dino she likes to run around and squeak it.That 's right this toy bounces and squeaks!My order arrived on the day I was told it would and since I ordered 2 Dinos there were 2 different colored Dinos in there.Kaci and I think Dino is the best dog to ever !
 Works great and lights up the aquarium so that the colors stand out , I will buy from again . Great price
 I had purchased a healthy , happy pedigree Boston Terrier puppy who , once reached 4-6 mos of age , developed a rather severe case of Demodex . After going to vet and being prescribed serious , heavy duty topically-toxic prescriptions -LRB- oral meds with and frequent poisonous dips to kill the parasites -RRB- I opted to research the problem on my own to find a holistic cure -- and discovered the parasites/mites survive on the skin , appear like mange and are actually dependent on yeast that ultimately comes from the dog 's diet and needs to be treated topically with Neem Oil shampoo.I modified the diet to a solely organic reliable food source -LRB- found at website FlintRiver dot com -RRB- that provided only foods found in a dog 's natural -LRB- pre-domesticated -RRB- enviornment . They abstain totally from all manner of artificial preservatives , yeast , enzymes , etc. . Storebought dog foods fed and maintained the mites/Demodex condition by including ingredients counter to a healthy diet for dogs . The external therapy relied on the weekly use of neem oil shampoo , a natural botanical oil that the mites could not tolerate . After a month of diet and shampoo therapy , my dog had extremely noticable and positive results - after three months , the condition was 98 % resolved . By the time my puppy was 1yr old , he had totally overcome his Demodex condition and is healthy , happy and chemical free.I continue to use this organic neem-oil shampoo exclusively to keep my dogs safe from fleas and ticks in the summer and it works great in that regard as well as keeps my dogs ' coats soft , shiney , clean and fresh smelling . I also continue to feed them Flint River dog food since a healthy , organic diet is the best preventative for good healthcare . Also , I have peace of mind knowing I 'm feeding my dogs USA-made , USA cultivated organic , human-grade quality food ingredients found in Flint River dog food . Saftey issues with pet food ingredient-sources and subsequent pet food recalls are a real concern and one we do n't have to worry about with Flint River .
 This shampoo arrived fast . It lathers well , smells awesome and soothed my dogs inflamed skin . I had purchased it because the foster dog I resuced had just gotten over Sarcoptic Mange and he had lost a lot of his hair and his skin was still irritated . I purchased it because of the Neem oil . It was great , soothing for the dog and non-irritating to him . He smelled great for days . Thanks !
 The review clearly says this shampoo is or fleas . However , someone gave this shampoo a bad review because they wanted it to prevent ticks . It does not advertise that it stops ticks , so I do n't think the bad review is justified . The customer bought the wrong product and punished the product because he did n't read the description prior to purchasing .
 I got this for my chameleon and he loves it . Half the price of what you would pay at the pet store .
 The product came as a single plant with multiple vines off it and only one suction cup to attach it . The rest of the plant can be hung from the top of the tank . My corn snake loves it . I had thought that the item was going to be a single vine with multiple suction cups and bigger leaves -LRB- they are a little bigger than a quarter . -RRB-
 its a fake plant for terrariums it looks nice snake seems to like it Id recommend it for any animal that lives in a terrarium .
 My only complaint is that there is only one suction cup . I had no trouble attaching it to the side of the tank but it just sorta hangs there from that one suction cup if you do n't have anything else to attach it to . I had to kind of get creative and attach its branches to my snakes hideaway .
 I had to cut some on the plant off to fit in the cage that I have properly . I bought extra suction cups for it as it only comes with one . My frog loves it and it is so easy to clean .
 This item it amazing my iguana just loves it . Creates a really nice green environment and im please with the result . The item came right on time and in real neat condition .
 i bought about 5 or 6 of these for our chameleon , he seems to enjoy them , he usually kills other plants we put in , so these keep it green in there .
 When I bought my bearded dragon from the pet store , I originally bought him a medium sized one of these . I never thought that he would love it as much as he does ! He 's constantly sleeping on it , climbing on it , or hiding under it . Happy to find something that he loved so much , I was ecstatic to find them not only listed on Amazon , but to find them for much cheaper than the pet store sold them ! While I paid around $ 4 on here for the small Mandarin plant , I would of had to pay $ 7 for the same thing in store . As soon as I got it in the mail , I cleaned it and then placed it into Dumbledore 's house . He eagerly went to climb on it as well as his other one . I 've never had a problem with the suction cups coming off , knock on wood . However , I do have a small dragon , so that may be why he can lay entirely on top of these with ease and security . No matter the size of your dragon though , I recommend this product ! I will definitely be buying more in the future , especially as I upgrade his house size . : D
 I purchase several different kinds of these plants for my Ball Python 's aquarium so he would have more of a jungle feeling to his habitat and more hiding places . I am very happy with the look of all 3 different kinds . If I ever decide to purchase more , I will definitely be getting these .
 I purchased 3 of these for my 20 gallon tank and my anoles love it ! They love running up and down the plants . I am very pleased with the size and look of the glossy leaves and the suction cup works nicely , unlike many other in-tank products with suctions cups . I will be purchasing a couple more for my tiger salamander tank . I definitely recommend this product for pet owners that dont want to deal with live plants in the tanks !
 The good thing about this is that it looks really real ... the plant helps alot with hiding humidity and decorations . I bought this for my BP and it helps alot just that the small is way to small rather bye medium or large
 Holds up well and easy for the snake to pass through while giving her a nice covering . Rigid enough that it will stack nicely from cave to cave .
 I love using suction cup plants because they are easily removed and cleaned . Sturdy for my arboreal geckos to lie on .
 Exo terra hanging plants ' quality are still pretty good.mandarin looks beautiful in the terrarium , however , it will look fake if you place it directly under the light .
 I bought this for my baby leachie gecko who did n't seem satisfied with the smaller cover plants I had originally put in his tank . This plant I attached to the rear wall so that it hung down like a curtain and my little lizard has been chilling behind it ever since . I think this works best as a sort of curtain cover that hangs down rather than a floor covering since it is a bit flat and dense . It does n't look fake from further away but the color sort of gives it away from upclose ... unless you mix in some real plants and moss which can help trick the eye . If you 're looking for some bigger plant cover for your reptile , this is a good choice for you , they also have many assorted leaf styles so check those out also !
 I have it in my 10 gallon tank with my pacman frog . It was a lot longer than i thought . i have the suction cup on the top side of the tank and it streches all the way across the tank . The suction cup may not stay up , but if you first lick the suction cup or wipe it with a wet rag then stick it on it will stay on stronger . Looks great and does not hurt the animal . Would buy again .
 this plant is awesome . very large made for lots of privacy for the lizards . and -LRB- as with all exo terra -RRB- the suction cup is awesome !!
 why does amazon want me to write a review on fake plants for my reptiles lol they 're green ! and fake . . my reptiles could n't give two shits if they are , so why should I !? haha
 The leaves were a lot smaller than I had anticipated but being that i got the Large , it was a lot of plant . The only problem with it was the suction cup . it didnt want to stick at first and it was really annoying but -LRB- it may sound gross -RRB- after applying some saliva its actually kind of difficult to remove . my cornsnake absolutely loves it < 3 She actually spends most of her time sleeping on it rather than in her hides so I get to see her pretend to be tree boa for the later part of the day :D great product , its stiff enough so that she doesnt fall when she lays on the plant but soft enough to be gentle on her scales . Defintely going to buy another one when I upgrade her terrarium . It wont be the same kind because I like variety but I definitely reccomend this product . keep in mind it doesnt look % 100 realistic , but it looks really nice in a terarrium : D
 i just have to say that my breaded dragon loves to sleep on this and hang out on it more then his log it was the best thing to get kush thank you ...
 I bought these for a beginer gecko cage . I bought the medium so that I could reuse it in a bigger cage when the gecko gets bigger . Well , this ended up perfectly ! I was afraid I was going to need another plant for the smaller cage but since the leaves are small and there are so many of them it grabs just enough water for the gecko to drink ! I am super excited and will deff be buying another one when my gecko gets moved into a bigger cage ! :-RRB- Thank you so much !
 Easy to move around and position . Can bend the stem . My pacman frog loves the shade it gives and two brown anoles lounge on it frequently .
 Just upgraded my red-eared slider 's tank size -LRB- again ! -RRB- and purchased one of these . Suction cups to the wall and looks great . He likes to float in it while sticking his head out of the water . He and I liked it so much , I bought 2 more yesterday !
 The only way to anchor it in the terrarium is with the suction cup to glass . I wish it had more so I could anchor it in a couple of different places , but that 's my only complaint . It 's easy to clean and maneuver . My crested gecko loves getting lost in the leaves .
 They look really nice and blend really well in the tank . My turtles absolutely love it ! looks good in a 10 gallon tank as well
 My son 's corn snake loves to hide in the plant . Looks great in the terrarium and make it seems wild like . I also bought the medium branch and they go great together .
 Adds a nice look and additional hiding spot for my Ball Python . The plastic leaves/vines are a little on the hard side , but the colors are bright and vibrant . There are about 4 or 5 long vines , two that are about 18 &#34; , that you can spread around to offer lots of coverage.I have it on the cools side of a 20 gal long tank , using the included suction cup , and spread the vines/leaves over and around the water dish . Now , my herp will hang out under the vines as often as he will hide under his cork flats on the hot side and middle . I like it because I can still partially see him under the vines . I was originally planning on snipping some vines off to use for another terrarium , but I like this enough to purchase a second unit instead . I would recommend this product for someone looking to add foliage/additional hide spots to a terrarium .
 I had several of the previous version of the Love Nest -LRB- jungle print -RRB- , which my Meyer 's parrot absolutely loves . However , they were wearing out , and I could not find them anywhere in the large size . After purchasing a different item on Amazon.com , I saw that the large Love Nest was available in the blue striped material . I bought two right away . They came quickly , too , and when I opened the box and took one out , my parrot went nuts ! I held it up to him and he immediately climbed in . He is generally very shy of new things , but not this Love Nest ! I hang it from an area on his playgym , and put his favorite jingle ball , and his chirping chick inside . He has a great time beating those two up , and throwing them out on the floor . I might not see him , but I sure do hear him when he is wrestling the ball , as the chirping chick is making all kinds of noise . So I can safely say that the Love Nest is bird approved , and bird loved !
 This is a great bird nest for large birds . Quick shipping , excellent seller ! Thanks !
 Truthfully , I only bought this in order to make up the last few dollars and get free shipping on my item . My cat loves big toy mice with real feeling fur and I was attracted to this one because it says it squeaks too . When it arrived , I did n't think it squeaked . Thought it was supposed to be the battery one that you tap and then it squeaks , but it 's like a dog toy that you squeeze and it squeaks . That 's actually better because there is no battery to run out . Guess you have to be smarter than the cat to figure it out !! LOL ! My cat loves it and does pick it up in her mouth and it squeaks . I cut the string off so she can carry it around easier .
 THIS CAT COLLAR '' HARLEY DAVIDSON '' BESIDES MY CAT 'S NAME IS HARLEY HAS BEEN A GOOD BREAK A WAY COLLAR.THIS HAS COME A LOOSE 2WCE BECAUSE HARLE3Y FOUND HIM SELF STUCT AND BROKE A WAY SO HE DID NOT GET HURT . THIS IS FASHIOONABLE AS WELL AS A SAFETYTHANK UEDDIE
 I love this collar ! I have bought about four of them over the years . I use them for my Yorkie and my Chihuahua . I really like the break away feature ... I do n't have to worry about them getting caught up in something and getting hurt . Shipping was fast .
 I like the orange color , it stands out , this collar fits any cat who runs like a HD -LRB- mine does -RRB- . I wich it came in more choices bright colors , I would buy several at a time .
 Product was shipped quicker that we were told . Coller is cute on our new kitty !
 fast shipping excellent service . My bird loves to chew and play with it .
 Good hay , good for them to chew on , and the guinea pigs act like they 're treats ! They love 'em ! And they 're good &#34; treats &#34; for our small kids to give them too !
 My rabbits love these cubes . I give them half a cube every night , and it 's gone by morning . It gives them something to chew on during the night , and I like listening to them chomping it !
 The product came in great condition . . just as described . . Now if only my puppy would walk properly !! I hope this helps .
 It went on . It looked like it did in the photo . My cat 's named Harley ; that 's why I had to buy it . It 's a fine little breakaway collar . Her other collar broke away .
 I have a current USA Orbit 2 x 65W power compact hood on a 29Gal tank . The bulbs arrived well packaged . I bought both the dual actinic -LRB- this product page -RRB- and the dual daylight 65w 4 pin bulbs.Bulbs were clearly sunpaq retail and not off brand or OEM . They inserted with almost no force into the socket . The pins were covered with a dark paste and then covered by a cap . Remove the cap and slide into the socket , no problem . Hope you were n't supposed to wipe off the paste . I did n't . On an orbit hood you slide the bottom clear plastic panel out - no fasteners to unscrew , very nice.All of the power compact bulbs lose a good percent of light output over time . Conventional wisdom is to replace bulbs after a year . My old bulbs were also sunpaq of the same frequency range and about 18 months old . The new bulbs are enough brighter than the old bulbs that some mushrooms I have reacted by curling up . Think I 'll cut the hours of light for the first few days.Net
 fast service good quality same as description.I dont know what else to said But I need to submit a minumun words on my review :-RRB- Thanks !!!
 Love this stuff . Quick and easy to use when adding water . I order in bulk to save money . I have an 800 gallon pond .
 Sometimes stuff happens and you need to put more water in the pond than you have cured . Been using this for years and never had a problem from the chlorinated water or side effects in the koi .
 Well packaged and labelled , very reputable manufacturer , consistent quality.Highly recommended for koi health.Have used for several years now with continued success .
 As the instructions state , the product must be sprinkled directly on the algae and you must turn off any waterfalls , fountains , etc for at least 30 minutes during and after application . If you do both , then this product should kill the algae for you as well as it did for me . It did not harm my fish .
 I 've wanted to clean out my fish pond for two years now , but like everything else I do I kept putting it off . My wife finally got to the point of total exasperation I relented and started to plan for the cleaning last winter . Found out I needed some crap to take the chlorine out of the water and bought this stuff , the fish are alive so it works great . Lucky fish !
 Keeps the dog out of it -LRB- after he opened one with the flip top lid -RRB- and fits an entire 27 lb bag of food
 This container came exactly as ordered and holds more than I thought it would ; it does n't take up a lot of space . So far , it 's very easy to use & seems to seal really well .
 This is very handy for use to store dry dog food in and it fits in our laundry room closet .
 Although slightly more expensive than what i wanted to pay , this is exactly what i was looking for and works great ! Very sturdy and should last me years . Would recommend to anyone thinking of keeping their pets food fresh and airtight
 I got the Vittles Vault II to store my dry cat food . It 's airtight but easy to open the round access door because of the large X shape on the top of the door .
 The vault works very well - it seals in the food and is easy to use . However , it was n't until it was all unpacked and I was pouring food into the vault that I realized that the lip of the base was slightly cracked . The base is harder plastic than the top , and can break rather than bend.In my case I decided that the small crack probably would not spread and it did n't affect the lid closing . So I kept the unit.I still recommend this , but be sure and check it thoroughly before using - you may need to return it !
 We just received our 30lb Vittles Vault for our cat food . Looks to be well made and seals tight . The only problem is that my wife and I both have bad hands , and the screw down lid is tough to open . It takes a lot of force . Still , it 's a good product.I wish this company also made a wall-mounted food hopper . All the wall mounted pet food dispensers I read about on line have door / flap issues . The Vittles Vault company makes a quality product and would probably get it right .
 My wife and I recently got a dog and live in an apartment , so storing a bag of open dog food in a closet or in the kitchen was not an option . We went to several stores looking for containers that were air tight and large enough to hold a 30 to 40 pound bag of dog food . After going to pet stores and other big box stores we were out of luck , either they did not have any or they were too expensive . Needles to say , Amazon was the next stop and we found this container.This container is small in size , but holds a large amount of food . It also looks nice enough to keep in your kitchen or next to dog bowls . Being that it is air tight and seals well , you do n't have to worry about your dog getting into it or pests.Pros : - Great price - Great quality - Seals very well - Looks great and does not take up much spaceCons : - There is a very large sticker that comes on it which is difficult to get off , but might if you work at itOverall this is a great product that I would recommend to anyone with a dog -LRB- s -RRB- .
 I absolutely love these things . I do n't use them for pet food . I use them to store bags of flour . I bought my first , then bought a second , and am ready to buy a third . It allows me to store 20-lbs bags of flour -LRB- one for All Purpose - and another for Bread-flour -RRB- . I 'm buying the third to store sugar . I could have my husband pour the 20lbs sacks into the bins for me -LRB- and store more -RRB- , but I prefer to leave them in the bags . It easily stores 20-lbs sacks , so it could easily store 40-lbs if emptied.Since I bake most of our bread and prepare our other foods from scratch -LRB- as much as possible -RRB- , we go through a lot of dry ingredients -LRB- about 20-lbs of flour a month -RRB- . I want to keep pests out -LRB- or in , as the case may be -RRB- and protecting our food is important . I hate wasting food because bugs have taken over the pantry.I know these are n't rated for people food , but the equivalent items at restaurant supply type stores are ridiculously expensive -LRB- 10 times the price -RRB- . I 'd been looking for years for something to solve the problem of grain storage , and these are the solution for us.I also have arthritis in my hands , so it is often difficult for me to open tightly closed jars and bottles . Because the lids on these spin without much force , and it is possible to get a grip on the lid -LRB- to open or close -RRB- in multiple places , I can open and close without any pain at all , while still keeping them tightly closed.I ca n't say enough about them.My kids tease me because every time I open or close them I chant `` I just LOVE these things ! '' I know it 's silly to be so enamored with a storage bin , but when something works , BETTER than advertised , it just makes using the things so pleasurable .
 A must have for pet owners ! Keeps dry food fresh and pest free . Gaskets beneath the snap on lid , and then has a threaded top so that you can easily get to the pet food . Wonderful !
 This product is a very good concept . The particular item that I received seems to be of good quality and functioning order . However , I purchased two of this type of product . This one and a larger one . The larger one in my opinion , was manufactured incorrectly and should not have passed the quality inspection . I give the product I received a B +
 I own three Vittle Vaults and find them to be excellent at keeping pet food fresh and pest-free . There are no insects or mice looking around for free food either , which I believe is due to the vaults as well . The vaults are durable and have survived years of being tossed in and out of the car for trips and being investigated by dogs and cats . Puppies attempted teething , male cats were rude -- the vaults remain uneffected and easily cleaned . Unfortunately my youngest dog has developed a safecracking talent and is able to spin the lid open . A firm tug with teeth on the cross handle in the right direction , followed with kicking the lid counter clockwise with her paw . She 's been holding seminars with the other pets , but so far she 's the only talented spinner . So , into the crate with her .
 I am glad I purchased this . I had to find a way to keep my Black Lab away from her food . She figured out how to open our pantry and just did a self serve on food . We started wondering why her food didnt last so long and why she was getting quite fat . This works perfect . It keeps the dog out of her food.You do need to be careful so you dont cross thread the lid though .
 These are really good storage containers , and much cheaper to buy online then at Petsmart . Ca n't beat the prime shipping eiether , it is very fast.I purchased the 40lb container for the Dogs food , and the 30lb one for the Cats.Containers feel durable and nothing arrived cracked or anything . Definetly recommend these !
 great amount of sturdy chain for ANY use . . I actually cut mine in lengths and used to hang plants . would buy again .
 My vet recommended I use this product after I lost quite a few cichlids due to a loss of electricity for a few days . The tank needed to be 're - energized ' so to speak , and using this product in conjunction with a water change brought my tank back to normal in no time . I would highly recommend this product .
 Well my fish is alive and i used it for a 6 gallon tank 3 quarters of a teaspoon and all i did was put it in the tank then fill it up from the sink and put my Betta in it and hes been fine for the past 2 days .
 I thought for the price , this would be a small bottle , but was very surprised to see it was a big bottle . This will last me a lifetime ! Happy
 This is pretty much the only water conditioner that I have been using for years and I have never had any problem with it and the water is always clear and safe ! I highly recommend this to all my fishy friends and amazon is the best place to buy it !!
 This conditioner with Bio Extract works very well for my aquarium I use it after each water change all the time it makes tha tap water healthy and my fish are very happy .
 Much cheaper than what I would pay at PETCO . I will definitely only buy online and not PETCO from now on
 I use this water conditioner all the time . It does a very good job . I have two turtles and they can be very picky . They seem to like it when I put this conditioner in their water . Fast , free shipping !
 This is all you need to make your aquarium fish-ready in an instant ! It does n't take much , so the bottle should last a while .
 I 've been using this product for years . My aquariums have all been thriving and I have n't had any issues what so ever . For the price , this is a great buy and delivers . I ca n't really attest for the effectiveness of it 's ability in de-chlorination of water , but I 'll just take my fish being healthy as case-in-point that it works .
 Hello , This product was exactly what I was looking for . Could have went to the pet store and spent hours looking around -LRB- I love watching fish -RRB- . However Amazon provides me with points on their credit card and I get free two day shipping on most items . I will keep buying this product from the comfort of my chair : -RRB-
 Arrived on time . What a deal !!! So glad I could find this product on amazon ! Thanks ! This will last me a lifetime .
 I purchased this for my Betta fish , been using it several times already after cleaning and the fish is still alive.Explains it 's really conditioning the tap water from the sink . I 'm happy with this purchase and recommend it to everyone . For the price and amount you get , thats a winner to me !
 I love this company . I always look for the name that I trust with all the fish in my 29 gallon tank : -RRB-
 Never had a problem with Tetra products.They do what they say . You ca n't be wrong with this product , excellent results .
 Love this for my Betta and my daughters gold fish tanks . Keeps them healthy and really does remove the nasty chlorine -LRB- IF you make sure you get enough in the water ! -RRB-
 I 'm new to this whole aquarium thing but I 'm sure this stuff is good ... There 's instructions on how much to put in there so it 's easy
 I do not have any issues . The Product was received as expected and it was on time . So far so good .
 7 drops in an average little fish bowl with normal water and I have had a Beta for over two years now using nothing but this ! Every couple of weeks , I rinse the bowl , replace water , put the drops in , done deal . Good stuff . Keeps your fish healthy . The end .
 Whenever you add new tap water to your aquarium the chemistry of the water changes , these changes can be very harmful to the fish depending on how drastic they are . So it 's recommended you do a 10-20 % water change every week to your aquarium to help reduce chemicals like ammonia and dilute the nitrites etc. . But the tap water also carries harmful chlorine and chloramine.Tetra AquaSafe removes both and enhances the stress coat produced by your fish , thus making it perfect to condition your aquarium . I 've had no problems whatsoever with it , and it has greatly improved the overall health of my fish.I personally do n't use it with every water change -LRB- although its recommended that you do -RRB- but that 's usually based on the amt being added and the condition of my tap water.Use 5ml to treat 10gal
 The first , and only water conditioner I have ever used for my betta . Spike is now 3yrs old , and continues to thrive . I attribute that in part to AquaSafe water conditioner .
 Previous reviews were helpful . I use it everytime I change the water . The water stays clean for about two weeks easily . It says aquarium for fish but I have been using it for my turtle aquarium and it has worked out fine . The filmy residue does appear but just make sure not to use in excess and it should not be an issue . Also , if you are using this for turtles , frequent baths also help to remove the film from the shell .
 We use this product on a regular basis when adding water to our aquarium . It was nice to find it for a lot less online . With amazon prime there was prompt free delivery.I would recommend this product to anyone .
 I ordered this online from Amazon because of the impressive size -LRB- I go through the ones at the pet store really quickly -RRB- and because I have Amazon Prime which means free UPS shipping right to my door ! However , since this is considered a `` corrosive '' material , they ca n't legally ship it using UPS or FED EX , so they shipped it using the post office . Normally I would n't mind , but the post office does n't deliver to my house -LRB- Rural area -RRB- and it got returned . If I would have known from the beginning , I would have offered an alternate address . ButI did n't see anything on the product description that explained that . I could have missed it . But the price was right , and the size is pretty great ! I havent ' even gotten half way finished with it yet . I have a 50 gallon turtle tank that has water evaporation issues , so I 'm constantly adding more water , this product purifies the water so it 's just right for my Donnatello . : -RRB-
 We just got done setting up a 1000 gallon pond in our backyard . The bottle originally says `` for up to 500 gallons '' . We have 10 assorted fish in our pond . And they are doing great . If you use this product for a pond you might consider adding it in an area of the pond with a pump . So the fluid can distrubute quickly . With in seconds the pond was ready for fish .
 This Tetra Aqua product is easy and effective for making tap water safe for aquarium fish . I like that the bottle has a squeeze top and a cap , has a narrow profile , and adds both slime coat additive and dechlorinator/heavy metal neutralizer . The product also eliminates chloramines.Since chlorine and chloramine are both broken down with one tool , it 's a superior product over the NovAqua Water Conditioner -LRB- but only if you have chloramines to deal with - you need to check with your local water provider -RRB- . With NovAqua you have the benefit of a product that adds beneficial water electrolytes , but nothing to cover chloramines , unless you also purchase the sister-product of Amquel . Remember , you want to add as few additives to your aquarium as you can safely manage , to decrease the overall ion load on your fishes ' gills.The narrow profile of the bottle means I can easily store the bottle among my fish stuff . It slides in really easily on my shelf of fish paraphenalia . It 's a nice break from all those round bottles that leave a lot of space unused . It 's also more ergonomic , squeeze-wise . With the squeeze top , I can choose to add actual drops for small tanks or use the cap as a cup measure for larger tanks . This takes care of a problem many conditioners have that are either established for tiny tanks -LRB- ie - under five gallons ... where you should only add a drop per gallon -RRB- , and for larger tanks , where you need a teaspoon for every 10 gallons . So this one product can service those one gallon betta tanks from the squeeze top and those 50 gallon tanks from the cap . There are also equal measure marks on the side of the container for making up really big batches of dechlorinated water . Each raised measure equals 10ml , or 20 gallons . Anyway , I like that this container makes my life easier.It would be an even better product if the inside of the cap was marked for each teaspoon amount -LRB- one gallon amount -RRB- . As it is , I only needed to measure out a teaspoon the first time , poured that into the cap , and then marked that amount with a sharpie for future use.In summary , if you have chloramines in your tap water , this is the product to get for conditioning your aquarium water . If you do not have chloramines , then I suggest the NovAqua Water Conditioner -LRB- to add electrolytes -RRB- instead .
 You do n't need this big for a small tank , so do n't make my mistake . This is meant for home whale tanks
 The size is just right , I wo n't need to buy a new conditioner for , at least , one year . This size will treat 1,800 liters of water , more or less .
 I have fish . They need safe water to survive . This makes my tap water safe enough for them to survive . It 's cheaper on Amazon than at pet stores .
 This conditioner is far superior to the one that was recommended to me by the sales associate at PetsMart . It keeps my fish tank looking clean and clear much longer . The size of the bottle and the price you pay is a true bargain .
 Not too much I could say about this item . I just know its a good brand name , so that 's what I 'm rolling with . My 20 gallon long fish tank stays crystal clear 24/7 , so I never find myself doing a water change . So I hardly ever use this in my tank unless I 'm just adding water to my tank because I leave the lid open for my auto feeder that 's affixed to the side of the tank .
 Considering I have a 5 gallon tank , I wish the measuring cup cap took this into account , especially when I am doing partial water changes it can be hard to measure the correct dosage without this feature -LRB- only has measurement for 10 and 20 gallons -RRB- . Otherwise , seems to work well . There seems to be an outbreak of ich in my aquarium , but I do n't think it has anything to do with this product , and more to do with my failure to quarantine new fishies .
 I 've been using this in my fish tank since last august . I use it in a 3 gallon beta tank . The lid of the container has measurement cup lines to tell you how much product to put in specific water quantities - really nice . The product must work because my fish is still alive and the water in his tank is crystal clear .
 I used the sample pack that came with the fish tank and it works very well , looking forward to using this product in my tank . : -RRB-
 nice product , with great looking and nice price . it 's hard for me find it at market , but easy at ebay . .
 i been using this product for a yr now and i am loving it . it dose what it say ` s on bottle and keep ` s the water clean and your fishe ` s healthy
 Big bottle little price it is good for what it 's supposed to do any what isnt .
 I love this product . I trust this product above any other , I have used it for every kind of pet imaginable , fish , frogs , toads , snakes , iguanas , hermit crabs , turtles , EVERYTHING . I will also continue to use it above any other product . And the rest of their line is great too ! Tetra is the best !
 It makes the water safe for my fish . There is a lot in there for what you pay for . Only problem is I have a 2.5 gallon tank as well . So I need to get a dropper for this tank . It 's made for 10-20 gallon tanks . But overall it 's very nice .
 This water conditioner is the best for my fish . It came sealed properly and at a great price .
 This stuff really works . I have a one gallon tank with a baby betta and i bought this for i do not have a filter . It has measurements for a 10 + gallon tank so you have to estimate how much to put in for a smaller tank . The cap is the measuring cup . This stuff does not smell good but it works . It is a gasoline colored liquid and disappears into the water after a few seconds . Does not affect fish if it is in tank while put in . Id recommend putting it in the tank after a water change or when new water is put in . It makes tap water healthy for fish to swim in .
 I have kept tropicals for over 38 years . You CAN get by without AquaSafe , but at this price why WOULD you ? A huge bottle for the price of a small one . A proven legacy product that is kind to your fish .
 I have used AquaSafe for years and I love the ease of use and the immediate effect . It 's great to condition new tanks or to add into the tank during partial water changes . My fish have done incredibly well with it and I have n't had any harsh side effects .
 This has worked so well for my bettas that I 'm not going to fool around trying different products that say they 're better .
 If you have fish , you have to change or add water to the tank on occasion . Hopefully you add water after you vacuum the gravel . I know when I vacuum my tank I take about 4 gallons of water per cleaning . It 's removed to a 5 gallon bucket , and allows me to move my bucket without spilling on the way to dump the water . Be warned that the 4 gallons of clean water weighs 32 pounds . You need to lift it to the top of your aquarium and slowly add it to the existing water.I mix this water conditioner the night before I change the water . I put the conditioner in the bucket and add the water to the bucket so it gets properly mixed . Doing this the night before gives the water a chance to reach room temp where my aquarium typically stands.I have found that using a medicine dropper is the most accurate way to get the correct portion of the additive.By buying this product on Amazon you are going to save over 50 % of what your pet store charges .
 Another great product from this manufacturer and have used this for years and extremely satisfied and works very well in fresh water and has kept our fish safe .
 This is a large container of conditioner . I like that the cap is the measuring device , but wish that it had a drip hole like the smaller bottles do .
 I 've got four parakeets of my own , and own a product not unlike this one . They prefer this to the calcium perch or the wooden perches ! It also allows groups of birds to crowd closer to one another , and since all parakeets are social creatures , they like to sleep close to one another . This product enables them to do so.A +
 Product was absolutely as described and arrived in a timely manner . Customer service was very helpful when contacted . These are GREAT treats for bunnies and I 'm gald I found this source . Would purchase from this company again .
 My guinea pigs love these treats . I would recommend them to any one who has guinea pigs .
 I have an African Grey parrot who just loves Extreme Fruit & Nut treat for small to large parrots . I 've tried him on other fruit treats , but he 's already spoiled on Extreme . He wo n't touch no other . So if you have a bird that 's hard to please , use Brown 's EXTREME fruit & nut parrot treat .
 This is a nice mix for any medium or large bird . Looks good enough for us humans to snack on . Unfortunately I ca n't get my Cockatoo to eat anything except pellets or what we are having for dinner . He just wo n't eat any nuts , seeds or dried fruits .
 This plant is bad ass . looks remarkably like a plant im fond of . Id reccommend this item for sure !!
 These look good and the suction cups are working great -LRB- although I did use some spit right off the bat cause thats classic -RRB- ... but I wonder if the plastic variety would be better in my high-humidity terrarium ... the silk does look good though . I actually took one person 's advice and went to the Michael 's craft store and got loads of awesome plastic plants etc. for way less .
 I tried to find Abuliton genus information but all I kept finding were references to cannabis bushes - the leaves on this abuliton are similar to the cannabis plant - there 's no denying it - but since they are fake and silk , there 's no danger . I first found one bag in my local fish store in the reptile section and figured I 'd give it a shot for my tropical freshwater aquarium as a background plant but first I emailed Hagen company to hear it from them that it was safe for use in water with fish and they confirmed that it was . So I soaked them in a bucket of water conditioned with Prime and added them to my tank . I love it ! I bought 4 more and they are very natural looking and hide all my equipment and tubing and provide hiding places for my fish . I highly recommend these . Exo-Terra by Hagen also come in Ficus , Ruscus , Mandarin and Amapallo . ************************ update April 2010
 I love it , looks great in my vivarium . The only dislike I have is that in the photo , they look so much more colorful and realistic . The ones I recieved look kind of ... dead and discolored . But is still a very nice product . Thanks !!
 Nothing super special about this fake plant . Looks nice and easy to position around . Our brown anoles lounge in it at night .
 This is just a awsome plant very natural looking , i have alot of people that ask me if it real and it also helps with the humidity becouse i just spray water in it and it helps e cage be in 40-65 %
 Hard to go wrong with plastic plants but I was happy with the purchase nonetheless . Exactly what I expected . Yay !
 This fits perfect in a 10 Gallon Aquarium Tank . I bought this mainly to hide a black probe cable that goes inside the tank .
 This is for a halloween costume , and it is perfect . Not sure what the original purpose of it is , but it works for what I intended .
 My turtles really like the green feeling in their habitat now . So much so it is coming apart ! Got a really good deal on this so I guess it is ok . Better than having to replace the dead moss all the time ! Like that it came in several strands connecting to the main strand and that it had a little suction cup attached so the turtles cant mess with it too much . They are always rearranging their home !
 I was browsing Amazon for some items for my terrarium and this popped up . When they say large , they mean large . This thing easily fills up a whole side of the terrarium wall . My frilled dragons love playing in it . Highly recommended .
 This is the nicest aquarium plant I 've ever seen . It is Very high-quality soft and life like . I wish I 'd ordered more than one .
 I loved how long this item was and the shipped it so fast . Yes I would tell others to buy this .
 Im not much for fake plants but wanted to `` decorate '' my snake tank so I bought some of these.They look pretty good and my snake loves climbing through them.The suction cup holds pretty well as my snake -LRB- aboout 2 feet long -RRB- hasnt knocked them down at all.I also bought the Ruscus plantsHagen Exo Terra Silk Terrarium Plant , Large , Ruscusand am equally pleased with them.I would definetly buy these again .
 This is a really nice bottle and pretty easy to install if you have a bin cage . I just drilled a little hole in the plastic and screwed it right in . It also has the nice feature of the non-vertical spout , that allows for easier use by your hamsters . I 've never had a problem with it not dispensing properly -LRB- nor have I ever had this problem with a lixit product , even though I have had it with other companies -RRB- . I 'd highly recommend this product . My favorite feature is the easy detachment . You do n't have to wake up your hamsters or scare them in the process of removing the bottle for refilling when they 're young , especially .
 I have several gerbils that I keep in pairs and trios -LRB- and 1 single fellow that wo n't get along with the others -RRB- in aquarium/terrarium style tanks or in plastic bins with mesh tops . -LRB- CritterTrail and Habitrail type environments are terrible homes for small rodent pets btw -RRB- . I have this type Lixit bottle with both the straight and tilted nozzle . When looking for water bottles for my gerbil habitats my biggest frustration was that most smaller water bottles can only be attached to cage bars , and the ones that can be hung over the lip of a tank are so long they get buried too easily by bedding , so I end up usually having to hang water bottles in odd ways with wire mesh type contraptions and masking tape . I also have one terrarium where the lid does n't fit properly over the hanging bottle lip . I love this Lixit bottle type because I can place it in the tank or bin and it stays securely sealed against the side of the wall . The bottle is easy to remove and refill , and I love the little indicator . It 's perfect for a tank or bin with 1-3 gerbils -LRB- or other rodents -RRB- . That said , it is plastic and thus chewable , so it is important to check the bottle daily to ensure it has n't been chewed through and thus leaked out . But I have had these bottles for months and so far no major chewing damage . If I do start to see chewing damage I can use wire mesh to deter it , but I would like to see a similar concept botttle that is better guarded to prevent chewing , and also one that holds a larger volume by being longer horizontally -LRB- rather than vertically -RRB- so the spout can easily remain above the bedding .
 I was very pleased with the lixit water bottles I ordered.I will keep this site in mind for my future needs
 This product was recommended by a friend with a pond with waterlilies . I have a small pond with lots of waterlilies and this fertilizer definately seems to keep them blooming and healthy .
 I used this fertilizer in my outside fish pond and had juge success with everything growing and blooming . Good price for large qty and tablets . Did not harm the fish at all . I would purchase more .
 I have been using LilyGro for several years and it the best water lily food I have found . Amazon almost always has the best price , and their service is great . Best product , best price , best service ... what more could you ask for ?
 I thought they were easy to use and the price was right . The plants in my pond and my neighbors thrived over the summer .
 This aquatic fertilizer worked very well for my lily pond . It reinvigorated the plant growth significantly with initial application , and I now use it as maintenance fertilizer . Worth the money , and I would buy this again when my current bottle runs out .
 Richell 94270 Pet Food Pedestal - MediumThis is a sturdy wood feeder , nicely assembled and extremely useful for a long legged Viszla . I gave it to my grandpup for Christmas and both my son and his dog are delighted . A well designed , well constructed product for a fair price .
 I got this food pedestal for my 19 '' tall -LRB- at the withers -RRB- Harrier . She seems to like it and I like the fact that she does not have to bend too much to eat her food . -LRB- Perfect Height -RRB- . The pedestal is very easy to assemble and made of very nice material which should not be affected by water because it has a good coat of urethane . I did not give this item a five because of two reasons . One , we had to shim a corner to keep from rocking on our tile floor . -LRB- Yes we checked , it was not the floor -RRB- . Secondly , the adhesive on the rubber feet was not adequate and we ended up gluing them on .
 I bought this product over 2 years ago , I hope Amazon will carry it again . Although it is medium size I would call it large because of the size of the stainless steel plates . At the beginning it fell way too big for the food , very good size for water ; but as time went by I realized that it was the perfect size bowls . The wood finish has withstand very good and although just now there are small signs of wear , I think that with proper care , wiping when you feed/water your dog the finish will last for more years to come , after all I do n't like to eat at a dirty table , why should my doggie ? and it only takes a paper towel to wipe clean/dry . The construction is sturdy and easy to assemble , has survived 2 major moves and I am pleased with it . It is well designed and constructed is the only food pedestal you will ever need for the doggie now , and future doggies .
 I was really surprised at the quality and it is just the right height for my dogs -LRB- Vizslas -RRB- . I love that there are handles on the sides so I can easily move it when needed . The assembly was a breeze and although some reviewers said the pieces did not fit together well , mine was a perfect fit . Five stars for sure!Richell Wood Pet Food Pedestal , Medium , Autumn Matte Finish
 This is in our living room , so I like the fact that it looks nice , was reasonably priced , and easy to clean .
 I wish we would have bought this years ago . Before we had this food pedestal , `` Shadow '' ate really loudly when she was eating and did n't chew her food at all . Now she eats slower and actually chews her food . This was a great purchase for us and any future animals we may have will use these too !
 The wood and bowls are of good quality . Our mastiff enjoys eating from them . Appealing to the eye as well . Worth the price .
 Our piggies love to have this mixed into their regular food . Makes blah food a little more exciting . Of course , you know what they eat first !
 This collar stretches ALL OVER , not just at the buckle.Premier Twice as Nice Kitty Collar Deep PurpleThese are FAR SUPERIOR to the collars with just two strings of elastic at the buckle . This means that is easily expands no matter where on the collar it is caught and the cat or kitten has plenty of room to slip out . I had heard horror stories , possibly apocryphal , about cats getting caught on fence tops and strangling . This collar would not have allowed that as it really does make enough room to pull the head out , and the buckle also releases easily . I searched all over until I found these and would n't buy any other kind for my precious fur-friends . These are adjustable and comfortable for the cats , and I know they are SAFE . I have had cats wear these for years and they still retain their stretch . I love all the color choices , too .
 This collar has worked well so far . My cat is an escape artist when it comes to collars but she has n't lost this one yet . She has scratched it a bit so it is looking a little ragged , but they warn you about that and give you instructions on how to prevent it . I just chose not to worry about it.Overall , I 'm very pleased with this purchase .
 I purchased two of these for my cats . I like that they are stretchy and have a safety breakaway clasp . They are also adjustable in length which is convenient since I have a growing 8 month old cat who is still learning how to wear a collar , so I can adjust it as he grows . I removed the bell because I have four very rambunctious cats and it would drive me crazy to hear them coming and going all day and night -LRB- it was very easy to remove -RRB- . The only minor negative thing about this collar is that as the cat scratches at it , as they occasionally do , the fabric gets a bit `` nubby '' for lack of a better word . I got the purple one and the black one and I was very happy with both colors .
 This collar stretches ALL OVER , not just at the buckle.Premier Twice as Nice Kitty Collar GoldThese are far superior to the collars with just two strings of elastic at the buckle . This means that is easily expands no matter where on the collar it is caught and the cat or kitten has plenty of room to slip out . I had heard horror stories , possibly apocryphal , about cats getting caught on fence tops and strangling . This collar would not have allowed that as it really does make enough room to pull the head out , and the buckle also releases easily . I searched all over until I found these and would n't buy any other kind for my precious fur-friends . These are adjustable and comfortable for the cats , and I know they are SAFE . I have had cats wear these for years and they still retain their stretch . I love all the color choices , too .
 I bought this collar for my outdoor cat on the advice of my Vet . Years ago he made me promise NOT to collar my cat because far too often cats get hung up on trees or fences and strangle themselves . The last time I was in for an appointment they told about the Twice As Nice collars . The first thing I noticed was the stretchy band . It is an amazing , simple feature that allows an animal to simply `` fall out '' of the collar if they become caught . It also has the breakaway clasp which works great for larger cats . Put the 2 features together and you end up with the world 's safest collar . My boy has been wearing his for over a month and it does n't bother him at all . He does n't even seem to notice it . I thought that he might come home without it on but that has n't happened . This is a great product at a decent price and provides me peace of mind . I would definitely recommend it .
 WONDERFUL PRODUCT - HAVE ORDERED SEVERAL BEFORE - EVERYTHING IS EXCELLENT - QUALITY , SHIPPNG , PRICE , ETC. . I WILL BE ORDERING MORE ! THANK YOU !
 I have a somewhat finiky rabbit.I have a hard time finding the right food brand for his taste buds . He does n't like the oat groats or alfalfa plugs in most bag foods . I ordered this thinking I would end up giving it to the goat but Benjamin Bunny loves it !! I mix it in with his regular food and give it to him as a special treat .
 We are very pleased with our pet gate purchase . The quality is excellent and it is very helpful to be able to adjust the gate to fit a wider hallway . This gate is very sturdy and holds our two dogs , a labrador retriever and a golden retriever well . We used anchor nails to install it , so it would stay in the wall .
 I like this gate , it 's sturdy enough to do the job however the way the latch works can be a little challenging . Child and adult proof at times .
 My parrots seem to enjoy this food . I know it is for cockatiels , but it is just a portion of their diet . They are actually eating the pumkin seeds and other stuff they do n't usually touch with other brands . It is also good that there are not so many sunflower seeds . I give this 5 stars .
 I reviewed a lot of uv clarifiers . This one is made by same company as my pond filter . Installing was a snap . I cut the intake line to my filter , lines slid right onto the clarifier . I plugged it in and in two days the water was crystal clear ! I 've been cleaning the filter pads daily too . I can tell soon I 'll be able to go days between cleanings . If you need a filter too , go with tetra!My pond is about 900 gal . It 's in sun most of the time . I have 8 koi , a waterfall , a bubbling fountain and the filter . I added 40 small oxygenating plants and a barley ball . Before the uv I dosed the water for weeks with chemicals . The uv worked when nothing else did .
 Easy to hook up . . cleared my 1500 gallon pond in about 4-5 days . . noticable change in water after the first day and kept getting clearer ... probably would have cleared faster but my pump is too small for the pond so the flow isnt high enough but its clear now . . shopped around my local pet shops and the prices were from $ 160 - $ 250 so i think i got a great deal . . green color blends in with my plants . . buy it . . mahalo ! R
 This device is a wonder ! Prior to its use , I constantly battled sun and minerals that kept the pond filled with algae . While chemicals work , they must contantly be adjusted in summer temperatures of 130 degrees in Basrah , Iraq . An added bonus is that all of the plant life in the pond is alive again . The five turtles and all of the fish can breathe again . I clean the filters each day and the pond is clear !!
 I bought the Tetra pond green free clarifier UV1 , 9 watts and am very pleased with my purchase . It arrived from Amazon within a week from ordering as promised . The clarifier was very easy to hook up to my existing filtration system , only took about 10 minutes . The water in my pond was like pea soup . I had even lost a fish due to the high PH level . I have about 850 gallons of water , and it took a good Two and a half weeks to clear the water . I also did two partial water changes . I wish I had bought this sooner , it is so nice to see my fish swimming around , next summer will be a pleasure not fighting green water ! My only complaint is that it is hard to see the green light on the system that tells you the lightbulb is working , it is very faint .
 I got it and within a week my water was crystal clear !! AMAZING ! I had to put it after my pump because my pump is submersible and this is not . Definetly worth the price !!!
 I 've had it going for about 5 days and my water is so much clearer . I thought all my fish had died due to the nasty green water they were living in . Now I found most of them still alive under all that muck ! Great product !
 My pond water looked like pea soup . After attaching this clarifier inline between the pump and filter the water was crystal clear in about 6 days . I Could n't believe how well it worked . This is an amazing product and I would highly recomend it .
 Three days after installation and my water is 50 % clearer ! I anticipate crystal clear water after the recommended one week cycle . My pond is only 500 gallons but I have an over sized pump , so I bought the 9 watt model to handle the flow rate . Installation was easy , but I had to wrap one of the hose adapters with a bit of electrical tape in order for the hose clamp to seal it tightly .
 This is my second unit . The bulb went last year and I replaced it but there was a leak which caused the bulb to fail again . Amazon price for a new unit was less then new bulb and sleeve .
 I bought this for my 2 quail . They love it !! My female uses her beak to dig through it for her favs and my male just loves it period !!! I will order again .
 12.5 % min protein ; 7.5 % min fat ; 8.5 % max fiber ; 12.0 % max moisture . Was recommended by a top gerbil breeder for feeding to gerbils , even though it 's sold as parakeet food .
 Love the 26 ' length . . Quality is very good , just like my old 16 foot . It gives my Scottie the feel of freedom . He can sniff to his hearts content without having me constantly by his side . I bought the medium size because he is so strong , even though his weight called for the small size .
 If you are ging to use a leash with your dog , there is no better choice than Flexi . Gives your dog some freedom to explore while keeping you fully in control . While there are times when a regular leash can be easier -LRB- at the Vet or groomer -RRB- , the Flexi is definitely the best leash for walking .
 4 out of 5 because it did n't come with safety collar . Works great and no problems , makes it easy to walk the dog .
 this leash is really great . soft , lightweight , cord feeds in and out quietly and effortlessly . LOVE it ! my dog is 35 lbs and it holds her perfectly !
 This is our second Flexi Comfort leash . Although the design has changed a little it remains very comfortable . The first leash lasted for over three years and walk our dog for a total of an hour a day . The only down side is the retractable leash is a round shape versus flat . From personal experience the round shape can cause damage , I have the scar to prove it . Only problem is the flat varieties we tried do not perform as well ...
 I 've owned a few retractable leashes . Most had locks that were hard or nearly impossible to operate consistently . This flexi is amazingly smooth both extending and retracting . The locking mechanism is so good , I can do it with my winter gloves on , something I could n't do witht he last one.I bought the Flexi Leash Accessory Bag-Black at the same time , and that bag is great for holding the mag lite I use for night time walks and spare doggie-bags .
 I use this , along with the antioxidant blend from Resources , `` Cranberry Comfort '' , cosequin , and methigel to help keep my cat 's urinary tract healthy . Additionally , high quality cat food -LRB- such as Pet Guard or Natural Balance -RRB- along with raw ground meats , has improved his condition . He used to get urinary tract infections frequently , and his current diet has changed this thoroughly .
 My dog is a rescue and although very obedient , she gets scared easily and takes off , especially at sudden/loud noises . This leash has enabled me to take her to our favourite park , which unfortunately is not enclosed , and let her run around more freely , while still in my control . The leash is very long -LRB- 8m -RRB- so it is perfect for large spaces , but care must be taken not to get entangled with other leashes , trees , people 's legs -LRB- ouch ! -RRB- etc. . . Thank you for a good product at a competitive price !
 It works well , comfortable to hold , and seems sturdy . Also , it is almost half the price on Amazon when compared to local pet stores . This is a great buy for anyone looking to give their dogs a little more freedom and not get pulled around on their daily walks .
 This is a little bulky , but works very well . A little pricey too , but again it is quality and works well .
 I have owned this leash for roughly 2 1/2 years and it has held up very , very well to my crazed Beagle/Rat Terrier mix . It is very sturdy , well made , solid and the rubberized grip is soft and very grippy even with wet hands from sweat or rain.I only use this longer leash in appropriate locations where the 10 feet of additional length is safe , such as a park or nature trail . The additional length could pose a hazard to my dog or others near a road or a busy area . Just use good judgement as the extra length makes control more difficult and you have to pay more attention when using it.My dog loves the extra 10 ' of freedom that this leash provides . I have a standard 6 ' fabric leash and a 16 ' Flexi retractable -LRB- the shorter equivalent of this -RRB- as well . I find this combination has an appropriate fit for every location we may go.I like this leash so much that I recently purchased a second as a back-up to keep in the car . Highly recommended .
 I have read other reviews that says this hamster food is too fatty and is making their pets fat . However , my hamster gets a tremendous amount of exercise ; from his cage wheel , his running ball , his maze playground , and with interaction from my children and myself . Plus , I do not put very much food in the bowl and make sure his food he hoards is gone before adding more . Just with any animal , if you give them too much , they will eat it all.So , in my opinion , this food is a great choice . It is loaded with all kinds of things that give my Hammy lots to choose from . Because there is so much variety , I do n't have to worry about giving him extra treats . Overall a great product and fantastically priced.Remember ... moderation and exercise -LRB- like with any living thing -RRB- keeps them healthy !!!
 My hamster Amigo liked alot of this food because there was so much different stuff he could eat . He didn ' really like all the small seeds that seemed to be the bulk of it but he ate most of the rest .
 ` Will use this vendor again , MUCH less expensive than Petsmart or PETCO if you are willing to shop in bulk . The treats arrived well packed and in about 4 days . Also , please consider a House Rabbit Rescue from the House Rabbit Society for your next pet ! My Sahara was already spayed and cared for by an experienced vet and foster parents . She joined a brother who was a pet store purchase . Together , they go through alot of treats !
 Our rabbit seems to like the Vitacraft rabbit corn slims . We also bought the alfalfa and carrot slims , too . He will eat all of them but seems to like the carrots one best .
 Bun likes these , but real food is better for them , this would be okay for an every now and then treat , stick w apples , melons , etc. for treats , better for bun .
 Manni loves these corn slims . He ca n't wait to grab them from my hand when I take out the package . Seems like they are healty enough for him also . Will buy them again and again !
 Excellent product for your tall tank . Allows the filter to take in more debris . Did exactly what I needed it to do .
 This let me extend my Aqua Clear filter for my tall tank so I could clean more towards the bottom of the tank .
 Works fine . My pump/aeration system is old , but it works great and it was nice to find a part for it . Easy to install and put to use immediately . Downside of the transaction was that the shipping/handling was more than the product itself , but it was not easy to find locally within an easy drive ...
 When you purchase one of their filters , the intake tubes that come are generally too short . Mine runs about 2/3 of the way to the bottom and should be closest to the bottom as possible .
 This is a no brainer . This absolutely does not impede the water flow . and if that is a concern of yours , just cut the tip off of the middle or first attachment . The tube does n't have to reach all the way down to the bottom -- that is what weekly 10-15 % water changes are for .
 This is exactly the same extension tube included with my AquaClear 70 power filter.If you have a tall aquarium and you want the intake near buttom , I highly recommend this extension tube .
 I have a 50 gallon power filter and the attachments that came with the unit only went down halfway in my 30 gallon fish tank . This extends closer to the floor of the tank so the filter can work better at cleaning up things that settle on the bottom . Not much else to say - it 's exactly the same kind of tube that comes with the filter .
 They fit my aquaclear 50 . it 's a snug fit , but they fit . great for extending the intake tube as far down as possible .
 Bought a few of these for my 37 , 90 , and 125 gallon aquariums . Getting the intake closer to your substrate helps keep your tank more clean .
 Fit perfectly , not much else to say . If you want to extend the filter intake this is the item . You may want to infest in a powerhead instead though , get better turn around plus all the other benefits of a powerhead .
 I have a 50 gallon domed front tank . I have one aquaclear 50 filter on there and should have another from amazon by tomorrow . The filter works good , but I wished I went with the 70 gallon one . But on the other hand , 2 filters are good in case one breaks . And I decided on 2 of the same size , so if one does break , the other can keep up.The filter comes with an extension tube -LRB- same thing as this product -RRB- but with a deep tank , you need some more . I got this from amazon in good packaging and it fit on with no problems .
 I did n't like the fact that the tube on my filter only reached about 1/4 of the way down into my aquarium . So , I was looking for an extension . This works fine . The only slight drawback is instead of being straight through , it has the end that traps plant materials , just like the piece that came with the filter . So , when I clean it out , I have to clean out both pieces . Not a big deal .
 A must for a deep tank 2 or more feet deep where you need the filtration . I always keep one on hand in case it cracks .
 I bought a fish tank set up second hand , and it included two Aquaclear filters . The Aquaclear 70 filter I received was missing it 's levelling device and without it , I was just trying random things to keep it level . It would work for a few days and then eventually get loud as it went off-level . I ordered this part as an Add-on and my only regret is that I did n't order a few more at the same time just for back up . Because my filter is older , I did have some difficulty fully inserting the device into the hole in the bottom of the filter , I could n't get it all the way in due to both a slightly different design than the older model device that was originally on my filter , and because the original owner had tried to super glue the original levelling device back into place , leaving a glue residue that is preventing me from fully installing it.Works as it 's designed and my filter is quiet & level now .
 The shape is different from the picture in this web page , but it works good , and this is the thing.Recommended
 The impeller in an aquarium filter does a remarkable job of moving thousands of gallons of water each day . The fact that they can operate for several years before needing to be replaced is a testament to their overall construction.The Aquaclear series of filters utilize a magnetic impeller assembly with the plastic fan attached to the top of the unit.The Aquaclear 20 , 30 , 50 and 70 all use the same electric motor and magnetic impeller assembly , the only difference being that the fan attachment for each subsequent filter is slightly larger than its smaller sibling , thusallowing the next size up Aquaclear to pass a greater number of gallons of water per hour.This also gives you some flexiblity in how these filters can be used . For instance , suppose you would like to be able to increase the amount of time between filter cleanings , while maintaining the same water flow that you have with an Aquaclear 50 . You can purchase an Aquaclear 70 and swap out its impeller for the one in the Aquaclear 50 . This way you have a greater filter surface area , without increasing the turbulence of your aquarium 's water.The Aquaclear filters do have an adjustable water flow , however , even at the lowest level , an Aquaclear 70 would be too powerful for say a 10 gallon aquarium.However , with the impeller blade from an Aquaclear 30 , installed in an Aquaclear 70 , you get the advantage of far greater filter area than the 30 , which leads to less frequent cleanings , and you wo n't have to worry about your fish having to fight the current of the Aquaclear 70 's larger impeller fan.Later on , should you decide to move up to a larger sized aquarium , you can then install the impeller that your Aquaclear 70 came with.This flexiblity is just one of the advantages that four of the Aquaclear filters -LRB- 20 , 30 , 50 & 70 -RRB- offer , since they utilize the same electric motor ; the only difference being the size of the plastic fans which come attached to the magnetic impellers.There is a reason why the Aquaclear line of hob filters have lasted virtually unchanged for the past 25 years and have a very loyal customer base.An extremely clever design with flexibility in mind.And as a fishkeeper , you need all the flexibility you can get.The Aquaclear 's ability to swap out impeller fans , as well as to use a number of different permutations regarding filter media , makes these filters the most cleverly designed on the market.And the fact that they are also workhorses only adds to the satisfaction of owning them , since they do an excellent job of cleaning an aquarium , even though like most aquarium filter manufacturers , their rating tends to be optimistic.For example , if you are buying a 30 gallon tank , pass on the Aquaclear 30 and get the 50 , since it will do a better job of filtering your tank - especially if it 's overstocked and heavily planted.This author enthusiastically recommends the Aquaclear line of hob filters .
 Bought this as a spare for my AquaClear 50 . Inspecting the impeller shows no signs of damage from shipping or from the manufacturing process . When it comes time to replace my current impeller , from damage or wear , this will allow for quick replacement.Like the original impeller , this may take a few weeks to break-in and runs smoothly .
 Used these in the smaller filters , the impellers are all the same size , with just the blades being various sizes . I used these in a 30 and they pump water like crazy .
 The impeller was shot on my Aquaclear 110 and as a result had to get this . Very easy to install and fixed my filter right away ! Thanks !
 Did you ever need one little piece to complete a project ? This one fits the bill with installation and quality . Easy !!!
 It worked perfect . I highly recommend it but I think that the price is a little steep . I am going to continue to look for a better price since I want to have a back up .
 I ordered this for my Aqua Clear 70 filter to reduce the water flow a bit . It works perfectly.This item is exactly what I needed ! Great price and easy to install .
 I love my Aquaclear filters . For hang on the tank style filters they ca n't be beat for reliability and ease of maintenance.My tank has sand instead of gravel and sometimes I forget to turn the filters off before I begin siphoning . This results in the filters taking in sand and wearing down the impeller until it is useless . This was a cheap fix to get my filter working again.Thanks !
 Arrived within a week , just as planned , and the mollies enjoy them a great deal . Could not be more satisfied , these are way easier than the frozen bloodworms .
 Like brine shrimp , my Betta loves the stuff . The container should last me a long time , too . Not much else to say .
 I give these to my Bettas as a treat , and they love them ! Be careful some people are allergic to these though . I have had no problems with allergic reactions .
 My Betta Sammy and his community tankmates of small Tetras and Zebra danios love these too . Yummy for their tummies . I like to vary my fishs diet and this is part of it . They love these . They 're great for small fish . I see o reason why larger ones wo n't like it either .
 I 'm new to the betta experience but did heavy research before I bought one . . I wanted to give my fish a variety of food . . So I bought these blood worms as a snack a couple of times of week . . So I put them in 1 by 1 -LRB- only 2 -RRB- and he gobbles them up with no problems . I also want to mention that this has a heavy allergy alert , so be advised . . I use tweezers to put them in so I do n't use my hands . . My betta goes crazy for these , it 's like chocolate for women :-RRB- Just remember this is a snack , not a daily food rotation . .2 to 3 times a week max feeding these blood worms .
 This is an excellent product that is devoured in my community tank , but please consider these warnings when you buy this product -1 . There have been some unconfirmed reports of certain fish intolerant to bloodworms . African Cichlids are one of them . In my own experience I found my Hillstream Loach dead a few days after starting this feed , while the Barbs and Goldfish are still doing great .2 . There is ample warning on the packaging about allergic reactions of bloodworm to humans . I never imagined but found myself slightly allergic after I started feeding this to my fish . Others have not been so lucky and if you find yourself itchy , red-eyed or anything out the usual - it could be the bloodworms -LRB- nothing about this brand , just the contents ofcourse -RRB- .
 these bloodworms were devoured by my betta fish the very first time I put them into the tank.I would recommend only four/five at a time until the fish eats all of them up . Otherwise , the fish seems to ignore the excess.My ghost shrimp also like these type food . Some even lift themselves to the water level -LRB- 12 inches -RRB- to snag one off the top.I will definitely keep buying these .
 I have a 30 gallon tropical community tank with gouramis and mollies . They love these worms ! and I get out of touching live ones -LRB- yuck ! -RRB- I have not had an allergic reaction , but my sister did . She uses a cheap pair of tweezers to feed them if I am not home .
 My beta ADORES eating these!He practically jumps out of the water to attack them.Easy to feed , quantity lasts a long time .
 I love love love these ! More importantly , our betta loves them . He attacked these guys like he 's never devoured any other food before ! Definitely recommended .
 My guppies like them . I think they are gross ! They are a little big for the guppies , but they are determined . We also feed these to my daughter 's little aquatic frog , and he is doing well . We never see him eat them , but we put them in at night since he is nocturnal , and turn off the lights.They arrived sealed and fresh . The top has two parts - an outer blue part and an inner clear part . They were separated and it was nearly impossible to open the top with the blue part on . It was horribly aggravating . I finally ditched the blue part and just kept the clear . Hopefully sunlight does not affect the freshness of the product .
 These Bloodworms are great and not all squished like the ones you typically see at fish stores . I bought them for my fire bellied newts and so far they love them ! One great aspect of these bloodworms is that they do not cloud the water if your creatures do n't eat them like pellet food does . Also they are extremely healthy for your fish/newt/pet so try these out and you wont be disappointed . I 'm going to try to upload pictures as well so you can see the size .
 Not a bad alternative to live or frozen . Less messy and convenient , and fish seem to like these as treats .
 Purchased these for our fish because I had been unsuccessful in finding them locally . Our fighting fish seem to enjoy them as a treat every now and than .
 This was an add-on item and I thought my cichlids would love it - and they do . I have had the same fish for years and they love the Tetra Colorbits , but this was a nice different treat for them . I throw in a little every now and then with their regular fare .
 All I can say is that my daughter 's fishes love this freeze dried bloodworms ! You could see them searching for more after eating it in 2 ~ 3 minutes.Here are the list of the fishes : - 4 Fancy Guppies - 6 Neon Tetras - 2 Red Cap OrandaNote
 This was the best price that I could find all over the Internet and I also checked my local pet-stores . My fish -LRB- 4 Angelfish , 3 Albino Rainbow Sharks and various Neon Tetras -RRB- like this brand for blood worms , but I also know my fish are part pig . I like to soak the worms in water or a little -LRB- kents -RRB- garlic before giving them to the fish that way it will minimize digestive issues being dry .
 Great as treats for your fish . When my brother kept fish we would buy fresh bloodworms for them , but it 's a lot of work . These freeze dried bloodworms are much more convenient and the fish do n't seem to mind they 're not fresh !
 cheap add on item for super saver shipping that my fish enjoy eating so i could n't NOT buy it . i would recommend this to anyone with fish . they will love it
 My fish loves these blood worms ! He flares up at them and bites on them like a little hunter . These are a great treat to be used a couple times a week and give your fish a little variety . Prime shipping ca n't be beat .
 You get a lot of worms for a great price . the worms are about 3 to 4cm long when stretched out . -LRB- They are curly -RRB- I use these as a treat once in a while and use pellets as primary food . I 'm not a betta expert so i dont know if you could use this as a primary food or not . Great buy this will last for years .
 I bought this mainly to add variety to my Betta fish 's diet . The fish love to eat this and it does not seem to cloud or otherwise pollute his water . The worms are a bit small and hard to feed to your fish . Also some people have reported allergic reactions -LRB- there is a warning on the product about this as well -RRB- so keep it away from small children . The container has a child safety lid which can be a bit frustrating for some . Other than that this is a great product that your Betta will love .
 My betta does not like these at all . He ignores them , just swims past them . Now I have a new jar of these that he will never eat .
 I thought this would be a nice treat for my fish.Unfortunately , my fish are 2 medium sized Oscars.Don ' t get me wrong , they loved this product . However they are so large that it was a huge hassle for them to eat and they made short work of this container . And this issue is no fault of the company.The only complaint I had was that when it got to me about half the container was crushed tiny bits almost borderline dust . These pieces were way too small for really any fish to eat so once the full-sized ones were gone I had to throw the rest away .
 My betta must be a very picky eater lol because all he will eat are these bloodworms . I highly recommend this product !
 My Angelfish are now spoiled with these bloodworms . :--RRB- LOLMy fish now come to the surface and eat these from my hands they love them so muchReceived promptly and product just as described .
 This product seems excellent and very enjoyable to the fish , I would surely buy this again when I need to .
 I have 3 black angelfish and they fight each other over them ! they are nicely packed in the container and not smashed . Would definitely buy them again for the price .
 These were useful in feeding my African Dwarf frog . He did not like to eat the frozen ones.The major difference was that these floated and I was able to crush them up a bit . I read thewarning on the back about allergens and I guess I am lucky not to have that issue . My frogrefused to eat anything else and these were a huge lifesaver literally.My tank contains a few tetra 's and some guppies as well as some other small ones that lookedcute . I have seen no adverse reaction to these fish in regards to the blood worms . But I haveonly been feeding them it for a little over a month.I also fed them to one of my beta 's . He did love it . It was fantastic I have to say . I agreewith the comments before mine that this would probably not be a good idea for daily feeding.My fish will eat a worm and continually float for an hour or so after looking bloated . Ifound that feeding him one worm a day avoided this .
 Great value , Fish love it ! Easy to feed ! Full container . What more can I say about this product ? it works just fine !
 I got a great deal on these worms on Amazon.com . My button quail require a diet high in protein . Live worms are too big and hard for my little button quail to eat . I tried these out and they absolutely love them . They are small and my buttons go after them like a hungry dog no kidding . Someone told me they would not eat them cause they are n't moving , but I proved them wrong .
 Exactly as promised !! The same product that I was buying from my vet for almost half the price !!! Thanks ... sp
 This price is more than half off of what my vet charges for my 4 year old lab who has tendonitis . I have also noticed , comparing ingredient labels from pet store brands , this line does not have any potential allergens such as corn or yeast , wheat or dairy and has no preservatives . This product has worked for my guy and I have seen such an improvement in his gait and he no longer has a limp . I do , however , limit his execise and have him on a diet to shed 10 pounds . This is key , per my vet , to address his tendonitis issue .
 I have been giving Restor-A-Flex to my lab for about 8 years begining when she started showing problems with her back legs . It made quite a difference in her health from the first week , there was a noticable difference . We now give her twoa day -LRB- she is now 15 years old -RRB- , in the AM & PM . As I stated above we have been giving this product daily to our lab for 8 years and she has not shown any adverse long-term affects from this supplement . Fortunately for the first 5 years I worked for a company who supplied this product and was able to purchase Restor-A-Flex at a very reasonable price . I now pay full price and I really do n't understand why the price goes up & down like the stock market . But I hesistate to try another product because this one has worked wonders .
 We have a 4 yr old German Shepherd . When he was 6 months old , we noticed he was limping . We went to the vet and found out his bone was growing faster than his muscle . She recommended Restor-A-Flex and it brought him out of his bone problem . He has been and will be on it for the rest of his life , but I know this product will help him as he continues to age . It is a great product and he loves it . I would be afraid to stop giving it to him as I firmly believe he would be uncomfortable .
 This is a quality product for any large breed of dogs . It helps keep the joints flexable and our dog has never shown any bone problem since he was a pup . As a pup , his bones were growing faster than his body muscle and he developed a bad limp in his front leg . Since taking this product , he is pain free and flexable . Would never be without it .
 I have two of these and they have just flat worn one of them out . I have 7 budgies and they are constantly on one of these perches all the time . In fact , one male English budgie is on one -LRB- the one that broke -RRB- 90 % of the time ... he likes to sit on the flat part -LRB- to rest his feet -RRB- . I 'm ordering another one because one broke from a stress fracture at where it was connected to the cage from all the use .
 It 's a good product for the price . It 's very flexible and easy to use . I like how you can shorten -LRB- cut -RRB- it to your desired length pretty easily and set it up around your tank the way you want to .
 Bought this for something other than aquariums and needed 3/16 '' inside diameter tubing . Another review mentioned that the outside diameter was larger than 3/16 '' , which led me to believe this tubing was in fact 3/16 ID when apparently it 's more like 3/16 '' outside diameter . Not exactly the fault of the seller or the item , but this does need to be more clearly labeled .
 It 's tubing . It 's clear . It 's 25 feet long . It 's great for aquariums . You could probably strangle someone with it if you wanted to . Please do n't strangle anyone with it .
 I like this product . This airline tubing is very flexible and helps provide bubbles for my fish to play in ! It was a good price for as much tubing as I got . My husband even used some of it for bleeding the brakes on his car the other day ! So I guess you can say it 's versatile and could be used for things other than just fish aquariums !
 Not only is this tubing cheap ! but it is also very long !! the tubing was a little stiff but it fit perfectly onto my air pump . and to plug it into my sponge filter all i had to do was use a pen to make the opening wider !
 Very flexible , easy to use . I would recommend using this product for your aquarium needs . Price was right , above the quality I expected for the cost .
 Penn Plax aquarium air hose is a fine quality air line . Not much else to say about it , functions as it 's suppose too .
 The dumbest thing I ever heard ... this thing is not ment to be seen so why bother scratching of the lettering ? ID vs OD man come on no body knows what the hell ur talking about . its a clear plastic tube that goes on an air pump and into a fish bubblier , that 's about it . the worst id expect is it comes with holes in it along the sides , though that is not the case . Some people on amazon are just not ment to review things . I would say block them , but im sure they 'd bitch about that too .
 By the title , I mean that the tubing itself was not the flexibility or material I was expecting . The tubing was very flexible and seemed like more of a silicone type rubber versus the harder plastic tubing which several other sellers have . Either way they are both the same product and do the exact same thing and I do not prefer one to another . With that being said the price and shipping were better than other similar tubing as well .
 Its great , all twenty five feet . I do wish it was a little bit softer but I guess they probably make that . Thanks
 I bought this airline tubing for my 29 gallon tank ... One word is excellent tubing - Make sure u get check value also .
 we got this thinking our pump and bubbler would n't come with a long enough tube for our 40 gallon tank , but didnt use it till we got a couple other bubblers to spread out in the tank . a little hard to use and keep under rocks in tank because the tubing is rolled so it does n't stay flat , but once u figure out how to make it do what you want it works great .
 This is plenty of tubing for a small aquarium set up and has held up quite nicely . I 'd definitely purchase it again if I decide to add another air pump to my aquarium set up .
 25 feet of this goes a long way . I used maybe 8-10 ' for my 40 gallon tank and I was being generous with it . Should last me a while!Only complaint is that it is a little stiff , does n't like to straighten out.Overall the price ca n't be beat and its a fine product . I recommend to everyone .
 It does its job ... no problem ! Will smell a little like plastic , -LRB- which is normal because it is 100 % plastic -RRB- but smell will go away in a few days .
 tube plastic is soft and elastic , not cheap or thin , it takes a good pull to break them . I like the tightness of the opening , fit nicely to my air pump and check value so it work nicely with other aquarium products . With 25 ft. , I only uses 10 ft so far .
 Long lasting hose and 25 feet long . Clear see-threw ! Standard hose for all air pumps Great deal for price ! Easy to cut !
 Reaaallllyyy thin airline tubing , but nothing a little stretching wo n't fix.So it 's good if you really need to save money . The diameter of the tube -LRB- outer edge to outer edge -RRB- is 0.5 cm Hope it helps : -RRB-
 I ordered this for a science project , and it was just what I was looking for . Product arrived quickly and it is high quality .
 This product is just what it is ... . tubing for use with pumps . Not much to say except that it does what it is supposed to .
 Standard Airline tubing . Works great 25 feet for less than 4 bucks what more need I say ? A real bargain !
 This is just basic aquarium tubing for an air pump . It works fine and at a reasonable price . Would recommend .
 Clean , clear , flexible , rigid , customize-able . I use this for an air pump for my aquarium and it works perfectly . Just cut to desired length and you are done.If you are innovative , use your imagination and tinker with things , this product has countless functions beyond housing air .
 I ordered this because I am changing out air pumps and my old tubing is old , very old . This was a great deal for a high quality product . Will definately use again
 Not only is it very easy to cut , the material is very strong and flexible , making it ideal for what i needed it for . However , it can kink quite easily at first so it needs to be stretched and held into the desired form for a bit to get optimal use out of it . Still , you ca n't go wrong with it !
 This tubing is perfecting for supplying air in different section or where ever you need air to go and they fit perfect on the Air Pumps .
 This flexible tubing worked great with my air pump . It fit right in and the fish loved it . I would order it again .
 No problems what so ever . I need some hose for my fish tank and this did the job . Really no complaints
 Good buy for the money and a solid made piece of tubing Nothing special good replacenent and you get enough lenght
 With all the different types of airline tubing for aquarium I was a little skeptical about ordering online . However when I recieved it was a difficult but perfect fit with my new Whisper air pumpTetra 77853 Whisper Air Pump , 40-Gallon . It was also more than enough . I still have a bunch left over , so that is a good value . My tubing tends to get a little discolored after a year or two , so I am stocked for the next 6 years I guess .
 needed a good size tubing for aquarium very long thickness great no leaks exceptional for the small price that i paid .
 Okay , tubing is n't all alike . The clear plastic does discolor and crack over time , and the silicone tubing is more durable . But you can buy this big package and replace it a few times .
 err well it was flexible , it worked , and the price is pretty good for 25 feet worth of airline tubing .
 Thank you for such a great product . I am very big into fish tanks and this tube allowed me to do a number of things with it . Price was great and delivery was fast .
 Like others have said , the tubing is probably cut from a 1000 ' roll of industrial , vinyl tubing , but that is exactly what I wanted.Ordinary airline tubing would be too soft-walled for use as vacuum tubing , but this is a much heavier , and I needed 25 ' for building a manometer for synchronizing my carburetors . This worked perfectly!My only complaint is that the tubing does not hold a perfect `` round '' shape , it tends to be more `` oval '' ... which is okay for my purposes , but some people may require it to be more consistent.As an `` airline '' tube , this stuff is perfect . For other projects , the walls are thick enough , and the tubing is flexible enough to allow for many , many options .
 For the price , you ca n't beat it . But I have to agree with the other reviewer that I do not believe this is aquarium tubing . It is a little too flexible , which can cause it to kink . This can be easily fixed by having a little extra tube by the fittings.But aside from that , it works just fine . I have a 30 gallon tank and used maybe a third of it . Holds air and fits well around the fittings .
 Cheap good tubing . No problems with it . It took a few days to ship after I purchase but it came quickly after that . It is a good buy .
 At first my cat had to get used to it being larger than others , but now he seems to prefer the larger puff balls to play with . He can carry it in his mouth and it does n't get caught under as much furniture as smaller ones .
 These little fuzzy balls have been the favorite of every kitten I 've had . Recently , I rescued a very bright little guy , who is actually smart enough to chase the balls down the stairs and then carry them back up in his mouth to do it again . The fact that the balls are very soft and comfortable to carry between the teeth makes them very much loved by cats .
 My pet Sonoran Desert Tortoise didnt mind this on his food . Good thing , he 's pretty picky
 I use this for my whites tree frog . He seems very healthy . The price I got on Amazon was about half the price at my local pet store . I was worried it would be close to the expiration date , but it is good for 18months . -LRB- which is longer than the one in the pet store -RRB- .
 ... and it seems to be working well . I wish they had a smaller packaging , if one has only one or two small reptiles the D3 expires before I use it up . However , it helped in preventing any MBD in my animals .
 I bought this for my BD and LG and it helps alot i use this by putting it on the crickets and mealworms amd it preaty big to
 Hi again everyone , Our babies bones are nice and strong again however for those who ca n't afford it through out this recession and especially winter you can get like magic bullet or a coffee grinder or use even a blender on highest speed and grind up egg shells , Note always give them hard boiled eggs but not the yellow maybe once a week like we do is OK . Other wise it would be too much protein.Oh and get Zoo med Adult Iguana food it has all the nutrients in it for them but if not just dehydrate your greens from the garden storagethrough out the season letting nothing go to waste and just pour over their food through out winter until late spring or summer when you harvest your early spring crops like some lettuce , Peas . cabbages or even cold crops in the fall like Swiss chard and Kale but not Spinach because it will deplete the calcium in your reptiles . They need vitamin D3 with Calcium and it will help them assimilate it in their food and because of lack sunshine and even if they go out in the summer in the sun still use a reptile vitamin D3 UVA UVB light that looks like a florescence and remember it ca n't just be the latter and then love them , feed them and give them water everyday with their food and daily maintain their cages and keep them clean and let them swim in your bath tubes daily Oh and get Four Paws Reptile Vitaspray for their skin that has vitamin D # in it . Yes it is hard to get but it is out there so use it on them daily and you too get at least 15-30 minutes sunshine daily and be healththx medicine
 I dust super worms and meal worms twice per week for all of my leopard geckos and bearded dragons using this powder . They are all happy and healthy .
 i got this for my flying squirrel because of his calcium defenses and its great i tryed the spray before but it smelled funny and he would not eat it i tried this because it was recomended by a breeder he takes it good whit his fav food the only resone i gave it 4 stars it because he can still figer out that its on the food the tries to rub it off but still gets what he needs cuz hes no longer having sesures
 It came very quickly through the mail . I use the multivitamins for my leopard gecko and it works just fine !
 At first I was using clay based rabbit litter . It took me about twenty-five minutes to scoop her litter every night with the clay litter and it was so messy . Then I read about Yesterday 's News rabbit litter . I will never use another litter again . This stuff works great and it cuts my litter scooping time in half .
 This litter is amazing ... absorbent , dust-free , and reduces odors like magic.Plus , it 's safe for my rabbit , which is the biggest plus yet .
 I use this product with both of my litter trained rabbits . Not only is it super absorbent , tough on odors , and low maintenance , it is 100 % safe for them ! If they accidentally eat it , which they will , there is no need for alarm.I was using CareFree bedding prior , and Yesterday 's News is a lot better . Please , use Yesterday 's News instead of any other alternative . Your rabbits will love you for it !
 I just bought Yesterday 's news because it was on sale . OMGosh ! I ` lll never go back . It is awesome ! We have 2 rabbits inside , and with this litter there is NO smell ! Totally recommend : -RRB-
 I like this product because it supplies my outdoor fountain with the sufficient water flow to keep the water moving . This product has completely met all my expectations .
 I 've had this pump for 2 years now and it 's still going strong . I 've never needed to replace the impeller , unlike the Rio 800 which needs to be replaced once or twice a year . The Rio 3100 is actually more powerful than expected , even after 2 years , which is why I am in the market for a smaller powerhead .
 I bought a Rio 3100 pump to power my Pro Clear Aquatics 175 wet/dry filter and it 's just about perfect for that application . The pump is designed to run submerged so I just placed it in the sump where is sits on it 's suction cups . For the inlet I installed a 90 degree fitting to prevent vortexing and cavitation of the pump because the water level in the sump is only about 4 inches deep . Then I come right out of the top with a hose for the return it 's very simple.The pump is nice and quiet . I did have a little noise at first but I think that might have been some residual air that took a few minutes to get through the system now , while not totally silent it 's still nearly inaudible . Also , under my sump I placed a couple of pads made from some closed cell foam and the whole thing is inside of a cabinet which helps to make it even more quiet in the room.The pump draws less wattage than any other pump of it 's size that I could find , only about 75 watts . We will see how it does over the long haul but I 've had great results from the other Rio pumps I 've used in the past -LRB- Rio 1100 -RRB- for other purposes.The pump is not expensive either and that 's another plus and thus a great value .
 I bought this for my recently spayed and declawed kitten . worked great ! Since her surgery and now that she has healed i have kept using it because there is no DUST !! how awesome is that ??!!
 This is the ONLY food my russian will eat -LRB- except for fresh fruit -RRB- . Interestingly , he will not eat the purple grains . I have tried to mix it with other , less colored , foods , but he is not fooled .
 there is a diffeance between the too . -LRB- turtle and tortoise -RRB- this food fills in the nutrients that they dont get in the wild
 I bought this as another option for my desert tortoises to munch on while I 'm at work and the devour it . They mostly like the purple color but they eat it all .
 I 've had my captive-born desert tortoise for about 15 years now and he loves this stuff . He 's a very picky eater ; except for non-iceberg lettuces , melon and the occasional fresh prickly pear fruit , he wo n't touch most of the `` recommended '' greens and fruits/veggies . I 've tried several other brands of food , and this is the only one he 'll willingly eat . I soften it first with 100 % organic fruit juice , and he face-plants right into his dish and does n't come up until he 's devoured every last pellet . : -RRB- I noticed another reviewer talked about having problems with pyramid shell . A friend of mine who works for U.S. Fish and Wildlife here in AZ has several tortoises of her own , and strongly recommended supplementing with extra calcium for the shell . She said the simplest way is to buy regular cuttlebone for birds , and simply grate a little over the top of each food serving . -LRB- I do this by rubbing two pieces of the cuttlebone together over the food to get a nice fine powder . -RRB-
 This food for my picky 33 year old tortoise is better than anything we ` vetried so far . He 'll actually EAT it if I disguise it with green leafyvegetables . He wo n't eat a lot of things that are good for him , so thisis a great find for me !
 A little on the pricey side.However , the animals seem to love the taste and they clean off their plates every time .
 I 've been using this food for my tortoises ' for the past 12 years . It 's an excellent product . Has all the nutrients turtles need , except I give them calcium on the side . They love it .
 I use this tortoise food all the time . I do not feed them only this , they do eat veggies , fruit and worms and other bugs . I have two tortoise -LRB- red foot and a yellow foot -RRB- and it has not effect the growth or shell , they love the food . Its really good for hatchling because you can moisten them to make them easer to chew .
 Works great . Very easy to install definatly keeps the squirrels away from the bird seed . It is hard to keep the clear platic clean I wish they also sold a dark green version .
 I have several of these and they do work.Of course , we all know that squirrels are `` mini Houdini 's '' , so many time you will need to put two of these on a pole , maybe 6 '' apart to give better protection.Squirrels are hard to keep away when they really want to get somewhere . But they do help .
 When first installed the squirrel baffle was exactly as advertised . The squirrels -LRB- all of them -RRB- climbed the pole and could not get past the baffle . However , after some number of tries , the squirrels found that they could chew through the soft plastic collar that supports the baffle and did in fact chew it down to the bare screws holding it to the pole . Even though the collar continued to hold at that time , the surface was so chewed that the baffle was able to lock in place and allow the squirrels to climb up and over it . Had the collar been made of metal -LRB- and we have seen them chew on metal containers though not yet destroy them -RRB- , this would not have been possible.We have since contacted the manufacturer -LRB- Heath -RRB- and their customer service representative very kindly offered without our asking to replace the collar at no charge to us . He also suggested some possible methods for treating the collar with cayenne pepper to discourage the squirrels from chewing on it . We are satisfied with the product and the service and only wish the squirrels were more understanding .
 I had to make my own collar to hold the shield since my pole was larger than the one supplied . The pesky squirrels had already figured out how to eat through the prior baffle purchased at Home Depot and had gained access to the feeders , however this clear , see-through design has stopped them . While it 's smaller than my previous baffel , they are confused by it and have given up their pursuit ... at least for now . This also was the best bargain I could find . I 'd give it 5 stars if the collar was adjustable and did n't have to go over the top of the pole .
 This product is amazing and it works . I have n't had any more problems with the squirrels getting at the bird food .
 Great product and a great deal on Amazon . Tried lots of other things to keep squirrels out of the feeder -LRB- home made baffles , grease on feeder pole etc. -RRB- , but nothing worked . Put this up yesterday and had a lot of fun this morning watching the squirrels try to get past the baffle . Maybe they 'll find a way around , but I doubt it !
 Too early to tell whether it can outsmart the sqirrels , but it has so far . Very reasonable price and easy install .
 out of all the comercial foods and mixes i 've ever offered to my turtle , this is by far the only one he 'll eat . if you moisten it with strawberry juice , your turtle will devour it !
 I have a captive-bred box turtle , which I acquired when she was 4 years old . I had heard that turtles needed to be coaxed to eat `` chow '' . We give our turtle a variety of real food -LRB- veggies , meat , egg whites , worms , berries -RRB- . Her favorite thing in the world -LRB- after worms ! -RRB- is Rep Cal ... . it 's like her `` comfort food . '' I am wondering whether her original owners raised her on this when she was a baby , she loves it so much .
 My turtle seems to like it a lot and if you keep it dry like dog kibble then it does n't really have an expiration date . Serve it dry and it will help keep the turtle 's beak from getting overgrown .
 I tried many of the dry pellet type box turtle food available at the big box pet chains . My box turtles ignored most of them . I tried RepCal and they actually come `` running '' when I fill the bowl . I try to feed them fresh veggies and some night crawlers as much as possible but this stuff is great for when you do n't have time or run out of the natural foods . Great product for the price . I order it from Amazon because even with paying the shipping , it 's still much cheaper that buying at the pet store .
 Out two turtles like the food and we have been pleased with this product . When we run out we will buy again . Only issue is the dog likes to eat this food too .
 This is the only food my box turtle will eat . I have tried other brands of box turtle specific food and she will not touch them . She is very healthy and active and has a beautiful shell color . I 've had her on this food for about 10 years and love it , so does my turtle . She especially loves it when I soak it in water .
 Worked great , received brothers old fluval and needed to repair it prior to setting up tank , product came early and works great .
 Our Jack Russell took to the chicken immediately and is working it into his stand-up routine . Our obese Chihuahua , however , is a christian and does n't go much for this gregarious type of toy.This rubber chicken is a tough customer - will stand up well to heavy play and chewing -LRB- the original mc-chicken , if you will -RRB- . Consumer tip
 Dog has played with it for a week and it looks new . No small thing with this dog .
 Our 130-pound White German Shepherd has been playing with this toy for more than 2 years , and it 's the only toy which he has n't destroyed within minutes !
 Its annoying as hell until you realize how much fun your dog is having with it and that its the first toy they bring you . Virtually indestructible , you 'll quickly regret not getting this sooner . A wet dream for any kind of retriever , the chicken squawks when the dog bites its neck , which leads your dog to either fight it more . GREAT ENTERTAINMENT . YOUR DOG WILL NEVER GET BORED !
 My 19 lb Schnauzer who is very rambunctious loves his giant rubber chicken . He drags it all over the house . We play tug-o-war with it and the rubber is very durable . It has a blood curdling squawk which he loves to , squeaking it over and over . The material is good for a dog who likes to chew since it has very few painted parts . Great toy .
 This is our second time purchasing this item . The durability is amazing for such a cheap product !
 We got this item a few days ago and my puppy Max who is 5 months old was so excited for me to get it out of the bag , he loves squeaky toys!Also he took this outside with him and it got pretty messy but it was a easy clean .
 Our 4 year old boxer/boston mix just LOVES this toy . She plays with it by herself -- neighbors have seen it sail 10 feet up in the air in the backyard after we 've left for work!She also just really likes the chicken , sometimes she 'll take it to a quiet place and nap with it.But we love it when she needs a little activity at night and flings , chases and shakes it like she 's going to break its neck ! It really gets her going ! It 's got a little bounce to it , it makes a cool noise -- and our 45 lb dog is going on one year with this chicken and there is nary a tear or a rip -- and best -- no shredding -- and this is from a dog who can peel tennis balls and un-stuff any stuffed toy .
 My dogs love it ! It is the perfect gift for someones dog or dogs to amusethemselves with . My boxer shakes the toy until the chicken goes sailing intothe air . So it is light and not had to handle.C Handford
 I used this in a comedic song for a semi-staged review . Worked great ! Chicken is large and bright , and though it has no nuggets , it does have a big squeaker !
 dog toy . held up for more than a week . came quick . reasonable price . done done done done done done done done doned
 My dog loves this , It is not that long lasting rubber , at least for big dogs but she really loves to play with it . Geat pictures !!
 I ordered this rubber chicken through Amazon , after not being able to find one in local stores ... I needed it for a `` joke gift '' for a friend 's 60th Birthday Party ... It was of high quality and very well made , as it turned out to actually be a `` dog toy '' ... Our friend LOVED it and the poem I wrote to accompany and explain the chicken ... It was delivered in a timely manner , so all worked out well.Thanks Amazon ... Pam Kirkwood
 This was great while it lasted . He was so excited when he got it and would spend the days throwing it up in the air and making it squeak . Then he destroyed it a few days later : / EDIT
 Well , what CAN you say about a rubber chicken ? It was exactly as the picture showed ... a plucked rubber chicken . Why did I want it , you ask ? Good question . : - -RRB- Seriously , it was as advertised , showed up on time for our 10 year nephew 's birthday -LRB- why did he want it ? Hmmmm ! -RRB- and drove the dog nuts !
 nephew loved it put it in his car so all could see and still has to this day just one of my many prank Christmas gifts
 Was a pretty good gag gift , but the recipient 's dog was very interested in it and the toy did n't last very long . If you 're getting this for your dog , just remember that it might not be around too long depending on what kind of dog you have .
 This was a hit at our office employee Christmas party . This chicken was passed around a few times at the gift exchange .
 perfect for my dogs to chew on , and will last . Great deal for the money , recommended to all . Yours dogs will thank you
 The uber-poodle has his favorite toys , and this is at the top of the list . He has another one , and that 's why I got this one . He spends a lot of time in the car , so I wanted him to have a cache of toys there so I was n't dragging them back and forth . This one is different from his old one , and he just LOVES it ! It 's loud , just so you know . Somehow , we 've gotten so used to the sounds these make , we just laugh at them , we 'd probably think it was too quiet if they every stopped all the noise !
 Unable to find a large rubber chicken in stores . Needed largest I could find as a costume party prop . The fact that it is a dog toy extends its use well beyond the costume party . Thanks for stocking this item and the prompt delivery .
 Installation
 We received the cat veranda several weeks ago . We installed it in one of our kitchen windows and there has been a lineup ever since to use it . While some of the cats have not been able to figure out the flap , some have had no problem . Sometimes we tie it up to the window handle for the slow learners and everybody gets a chance.My only complaint , I wish they made it to fit a bigger window . We only have four windows that are small enough to accomodate it and two of them are bathrooms . We have alot of cats , so even though we are a little restricted on the size , I just ordered another one and we are going to put it in the upstairs bathroom window.Anybody that comes to our house and see 's the cats in the veranda love it . I am very happy with this product and would recommend it to anyone that loves their cats .
 I really like this product , very sturdy and fits in the windows well . To the above poster there are two screws that are supposed to go into the sliding sides , through the perch section . If all of the directions are followed then there is no way a cat could open the side openings , unless of course they can use a screw driver.The one thing I do n't like and the reason I have 4 stars instead of 5 is the cat door/flap is not very tight fitting and I would like this to be a 4 season product . I will have some major drafts to deal with this winter or will have to take it down . BTW all 5 of my cats really like this product . I think I will be buying a second one .
 Easy to put together , easy to inistall . Not to easy getting my kitty to like it at first . Once she got the hang of the door , she is out in the Verabda day , night , sun , rain and snow . She LOVES IT OUT THERE ! Everyone comments on what a great idea this is . WOW ` ed when they see my cat checking out the sights and smells of the out doors , SAFELY ! -LRB- she is aprox 9 lbs -RRB- We have vinyl repalcement windows the fit is fine . Screws were not used . Instead a small stick holds the Veranda down from the top window . We winterize by putting a strip of foam between the window like you would do with a window air conditioner.I recommed the Cat Veranda to everyone I know .
 Got this for our two cats and was not really sure they would like it . WOW , they love it . They spend hours on end sitting and watching the sights and sounds of outdoors all in a very safe environment . Installation was easy and does not necessarily require permanent installation.I highly recommend this product . I always felt it was sad to see my kitty not see the outdoors enough . But with this product , I am very happy to see him get some `` outdoor '' time .
 For the health and safety of our cat , we keep her indoors . The Cat Veranda is a nice way for her to get fresh air and enjoy the outdoors in a protected environment . And our cat , Tabasco , LOVES it . Initially it took a few hours for her to get used to going in and out of the swinging door , but after she acclimated , it is hard to get her to come out of it !! Friends and neighbors often comment upon seeing Tabasco enjoying the fresh air . We live in New England , and try to leave the Veranda in the window as long as possible , but unfortunately the frigid winters often mean that when the first snow flies , we take the cat veranda out until spring . As a long time pet owner , this is perhaps the most valuable pet product that I have ever purchased , our cat loves it , and it is really simple to install . It may be pricey , but it is sturdily built , we have had ours for a four years now , and will be well worth the money in the enjoyment it gives your cat .
 so i installed this unit , and it looks good and is stable -LRB- but probably gon na need to use more insulation -RRB- . but my cat is a bit timid about using it . he 's only 6 months . and maybe it 's just him . too early to tell anything very meaningful after just 2 weeks
 This is a top quality food that we mix with veggies for the family Tortoises . Item was shipped and received as promissed . Thanks
 I ran both the API and Tetra pH test kits together for several days . My pH level is approx . 7.5 , which is a problem for the API kit as it has low range -LRB- up to 7.6 -RRB- and High range -LRB- down to 7.4 -RRB- , The API colors for the high range are difficult to differentiate between the 7.4 and 8.0 . My low range looks like its at the top color . So , is that 7.4 or off the low range chart at 8 ? The Tetra test is a continuous color range from 6.5 to 8 and clearly shows my system at 7.5 .
 The look on my dog 's face was priceless after I poured his food into the bowl , and then uncorked the bottle of Barkundy ! I know that if he could speak , he would have said `` You , ma'am are obviously an amazing person , because I 've spoken with the dogs on the block , and their owners are not willing to spend almost 200 dollars on them ! `` Knowing I have the respect of my dog means the world to me . Surely , if you loved YOUR dog , you 'd buy this miraculous product , too !!!
 I wo n't feed my dog anything else . In fact , I tasted the wine myself and prefer it to Charles Shaw and many of the wines in my local 7-Eleven . Try pouring a bit of this wine over hamburgers or steak while grilling . Simply fantastic !
 My turtles love this stuff . According to some people that know more about turtles than I do , Rep Cal is the second best turtle food you can buy -LRB- after Mazuri , but it 's also quite a bit less expensive than that ! -RRB- However , it 's messier than Reptomin . But I 've taken to feeding the turtles in a separate tank , which has solved that problem . Any container which gives the turtle enough space to move around and is deep enough to cover their shells will do the trick .
 My experience only covers African , South American , and Australian turtles . This food has little interest to these turtles and none to the Australian . I am guessing better for vegetarian turtles and not so good with carnivores . Not so sure but was recommended on ATP . Turtles like RES love them .
 I use this to check my PH , dH , kH , nitrates nitrites in a freshwater aquarium . If you decide to use this kit you must have fairly good color vision.You 'll be looking from yellow to blue to green etc. . While placing drops out of bottles into test tubes . If do n't like messing with a lot of chemicalsI would n't recommend this . Or if you 're color impaired it might be difficult to get accurate measurements . The strips in a bottle method might work better.However you ca n't beat the price per test with this method . I like it .
 This is the second time purchasing this test kit because I like it so much , I find it to be accurate , easy to use and understand . The equipment is easy to use and the price is Great !
 This is a very good test kit with easy to use instructions although it is probably not the best test for a beginning aquarist . I should have read the description a little more closely . This kit does not test for Nitrate , which is something you really need to watch for in an aquarium , especially one that you are cycling . Just be aware of the tests included , some of which are not necessarily the ones needed for initially setting up an aquarium .
 This product is way better than API product . Although , I do like that the API brand comes with glass test tube and Tetra comes with PLASTIC test tube . The testing solution in Tetra is way more effective and easier to use than the API brand .
 This product certainly did the job . At about 1/3 of what I paid for a similar product at the vet 's office , it does the job better . The flies leave my dog 's ears alone even if I use the product every other day . The best part is that it is n't painful for my dog as other insect repellants have been .
 This product is probably the best available for repelling flies from dogs ... we live next to a cow pasture where regular flies and deer flies are plentiful ... after applying Flys Off the bugs do not land on my dog 's head , but they do still circle around the ears ... so it is an improvement ...
 When my Labrador retrievers began to have rough spots and open sores on their ears , I was alarmed and ignorant about fly strikes . Fortunately , a mobile vet who saw the same pattern of sores on several dogs ' ears , recognized fly strike and recommended a fly repellant . Flys-Off comes in a spray and an ointment . My dogs swim every day , so the ointment that does not wash off is perfect for them Flys-Off keeps biting flies off their ears , and the sores healed.I will keep buying this product forever .
 My dogs ears and nose gets ate up during the summer by flies . We bought this stuff from another website a few years ago and it works great and it actually lasts quite a while.Our St. Bernard 's nose is raw and bleeding if we do n't use this in the summer time . It has done wonders , his nose now stays intact . I seriously hated seeing his nose literally get ate by flies . CRAZY !
 This product is excellent as repellent for flies and also it heals the wounds the flies may have created on the dogs ' noses . Highly recommended.Flys-Off Mist Insect Repellent for Dogs , 6-Ounce
 Simply stated , if applied as directed every third or fourth day -LRB- absent rain or swimming -RRB- , it definitely seems to work .
 For years I did n't even realize that flies were eating my dog 's ears . They were so caked with congealed blood that it looked like sap from a tree or something . We finally discovered the cause and I ordered this product . As I was applying it the flies buzzing around his head immediately moved away . After only two days of using Flys-Off his ears were healing amazingly well .
 great product works really well I used a bunch of products on my dogs for flies it heals the wound also haven , t had anymore problems with flies .
 My dog was getting horse-fly bites on one of her ears . At first , I thought that the flies were just attracted to a dime-size open wound on her ear . I did some internet research and found that the flies actually CAUSED the wound . One application of this stuff and her ear was healed up within a few days . I put a few dabs on her now when I take her camping or to the woods.Worked excellent for this purpose.A little goes a long way . You wo n't need the big jar unless you have multiple animals or horses.I hope this review was helpful .
 I started using this when my dogs ' ears were getting bitten up . It seemed to work really well the first few days , and I noticed that it did immediately kill some gnats that were landing on their ears . It worked enough for the red sores to heal and scab up , which was n't happening before because the flies were striking so frequently . But after a few days I noticed my dogs were licking it off each other . Hard to say what effect that had , or if maybe enough of it was still lingering . Does n't have an unpleasant scent . I 've been using it in conjunction with a spray repellent on the dogs , the patio , and their doghouses , as well as disposable attractant traps , so it 's really impossible to say how this product would work solo . But I continue to use it and will probably invest in it in the future to make sure their ears and noses do n't get fly-struck again . Worth it for the dogs ' comfort and health :-RRB- .
 I bought this toy on my way to the shelter to pick up my dog after her medical treatment , and she had it by her side from the moment she came home until we finally had to retire RopeMonkey . She chewed him , played tug-of-war , flung him around , and pretty much tried to destroy him for a year . She finally ripped open the seams , otherwise he held up really well . We ran him through the washing machine a few times , and he always came out fine . We 're buying another RopeMonkey , and I know my dog will be happy when she finds him again !
 A couple months later of ownership , our puppy 's enjoyed this toy a lot . Most of the monkey is gone , but the ropes are still there and held together . She 's loved it a lot , little monkey for a little monkey .
 I bought this for my two 4 month old puppies . We have had it about 2 months and the poor monkey only has one leg and one eye left . They tugged at it so hard the rope just unraveled and became a mound of string . It was cute while it lasted .
 This toy is well-made with quality materials and I was confident about giving it to my dogs who are very rough on toys . Tug-of war is their favorite game , so very few toys last more than a few weeks . But the monkey survived eight or nine months . Well done !
 I used this product many time before so knew it works well . I was just looking for a good price and this was the best price I found . Thanks
 My dog , a dauschund , has a habit of attracting bugs . It is so bad sometimes we call him `` pig pen '' because they swarm around him like the dirt on the character in Charlie Brown . Bought this product and use it on him whenever we spend long stints outside . Works great !
 This product is the best ! I have tried other sprays and creams , but Flys Off works .
 I volunteer at a local no-kill animal shelter and when the dogs are in their outdoor pens during the day the flys can be horrendous ! I spray Flys-Off spray insect repellent on the dogs and it really does help to keep the flys off of their fur . I even spray it on the floors of their indoor enclosures and the flys stay away from there too . It 's a great product and I 'd recommend it to anyone !
 Not much to say , except - THIS STUFF WORKS ! No more flies chewing on my dog 's ears in this miserably hot weather .
 Mr. Moose is a favorite at our house . I like that he does n't have stuffing to pull out and throw all over the place and my boys like the squeakers :--RRB- . I have a Newfie and a Great Pyr so this is a real tough dog toy for them but they are gentle hearts when they love a toy and will spare a life once in a great while . I am happy to say Mr. Moose made the cut , he is living and was passed down to a younger brother Newf , we will see how long he fares but he lasted a while . : - -RRB-
 This is my second Coleman pet toy , the first was a bear . I have a cross breed puppy and he is a ripper -LRB- teething I guess/hope -RRB- , so he loves these toys , they are great for his size -LRB- we think he has some boxer -RRB- , but he tears them to bits , which means we have to pick up the pieces all day long , but on the other hand that means that we do n't have to be picking up pieces of furniture , etc , which is a good tradeoff . So we 'll probably buy more of these , but agian , if your dog is a ripper like ours it 's gon na be messy .
 I bought it for my new border collie puppy `` Demian `` He falled in love instantly with it , it turned out to be a great self-confidence builder.It 's an excelent toy , since it can be a kennel companion for your dog , specially for those who are likely to cry when left alone overnight . It 's warm and it has 5 squeakers , so it 's good for playing with your dog.It seems really resistant , with great quality stitches , but I guess it 's not undestructible .
 I collect all types of turtles . Since I began using this food , my losses have diminished notably . Most turtles eat it readily and it does n't leave a mess afterwards if some is left over . Makes it easy to remove . I 've raised quite a few turtles from hatchlings to adult size using it with no obvious signs of nutritional deficiency . I do supplement with organic protein though as well -LRB- What else are goldfish good for ? -RRB-
 Worked great , received brothers old fluval and needed to repair it prior to setting up tank , product came early and works great .
 Great price and great detail , I looked around everywhere and by far this was the best deal out there !
 This set up has already saved us from a dead main battery . Separates the secondary -LRB- stereo power -RRB- battery and saves a call for a jump.I think we need one for our other show car too !
 I PURCHASED THIS ITEM ONLINE WAS WORTH THE PRICE . AT PETCO THE SAME ITEM WAS 1O DOLLARS MORE ALSO IT CAME VERY FAST ...
 My dogs love this brush ! We have three chihuahuas , two smoothcoat , and one longcoat , and they line up to be brushed when I get the brush out . The longcoat never like being brushed before , but she actually comes to me for this brush !
 I purchased and tried to use the Furminator on my cats , but only one of the three can tolerate it for more than a few strokes , even when I barely touch their coat with it.However , all three cats went crazy for this brush . The bristles are soft , but also firm enough to go through the coat and remove loose fur and dead skin cells . When I brushed my Maine Coon with it , I got out a bagful of loose hair , and he LOVED it . He 's got medium-long hair , but a TON of it , and it really did a nice job with his fur . After I was done brushing him , he followed me around all afternoon , trying to get me to brush him some more . The Furminator would n't even go through his fur.I highly recommend this brush . It does a great job and cats love it .
 High quality and soft handle . The tips of the steel bristles are coated so they do n't hurt my dog like my other brush . Overall very good brush and price .
 I have a pure-bred , long-haired dog that is a early-retired show dog . I was told by the breeder to invest in these special brushes that cost about $ 50 each . I decided to use the Conair in the interim to see how it goes . Well ... the pins are a little short for a long-haired coat , but if your dog has a short puppy cut , this will be fine . Anyway , I learned that it 's not always the brush , but more importantly the product you put on your dog 's coat to prep before brushing . Before I bought this special long-coat conditioner , I had difficult getting the mats out of my dog 's coat . But after the conditioner , everything is working out fine . This is a fine brush for the majority of the dogs out there , and you ca n't beat it for the price.Quick note , the shipping was expensive ... almost the price of the brush . It 's better to buy the brush or similar at your local pet store , and only order online if you ca n't locate anywhere else .
 This is the only thing that has worked with the black flies and mosquitoes that we have here in northern Maine . It has worked for both our dog and us . I would recommend this product to anyone . The company was quick to send this product and I would not hesitate to order again . A + + + + + + + + + + + + + .
 Our bunny is not that choosey , so she enjoyed these pellets just fine and the price was reasonable -LRB- any price is reasonable for us if we have to drive out to the closest pet store -RRB- . It 's a basic food but arrived fine and was a good price for the size bag .
 When I got my rabbit seven years ago , I fed her Brown 's Encore Rabbit Food -LRB- formally called Brown 's Nutrition Plus Premium Diet Rabbit Food -RRB- . This is the ONLY rabbit food that she will eat AS IS and , best of all , she has less digestive issues with this product.A few years ago , my local pet store went out of business . This was the only place I knew that sold this product . I ended up wasting money on other `` nutritious '' rabbit foods from other pet stores , which only led to long term digestive problems for my rabbit or complete lack of interest in the food . Now that I 've found the Brown 's Encore Rabbit Food on Amazon , both my bunny and I are very happy!This product has a sweet scent to it and the flavor makes me think of plain graham cracker with bursts of wild grains and herbs mixed in it . -LRB- Yes , I sampled a pellet ! -RRB- My bunny actually prefers the regular pellets over the colorful kibble mixed in this product , but she will eat the colorful parts last .
 My dogs do not seem to be able to live without these footballs . I used to be able to find them in almost any grocery store or pet stores . Now , for some reason , the only place I can find them is on line - so we usually get a box of them to be sure we do not run out .
 I have used many air pumps and besides the old trusty Whisper 1000 , which is no longer available , this is the best in my opinion . It will have no trouble pumping down to 4 feet of water and still have good volume of air . Unlike the Whisper 1000 , the 300 is not adjustable . The current image for Amazon is that of the 150 model . The 300 has two out lets.I have one for my 4 feet deep pond for about a year and another for my fish room for six months . The on in the fish room is powering 6 air stones at 20 inches of depth with impressive amonts of air . Both have performed well and have been reliable . I plan to buy another one to keep around as a spare.The pump is rather on the quiet side as far as noise is concerned , but I dont recommend it for a bed room or other areas where quietness is desired . You will hear the hum.The key to longivity for these air pump is frequent replacement of the air stones . These pumps will last much longer if you keep the back pressure to a minimum . This sounds like common sense , but a lot of people just dont bother with this and then blame the pump failure on poor quality of the pump .
 The pump initially worked very well , being both quiet and powerful . However , after 89 days of service it failed completely . It was pumping air into a depth of 2 feet.Update
 For the money , this air pump can not be beat . It is very powerful and works at greater depths than some of the `` cheaper '' ones on the market ~ I have 5 old smaller pumps that have been retired after purchasing this beast . It has two places to hook up tubing to . I then split each of those and it is powering four air `` devices '' in my 125 gallon goldfish only aquarium . This is actually the second one I have purchased . The first lasted about two years when one side decided to put out less air . Called Tetra and I could have purchased a kit to replace the internal parts that have worn out but by the time I bought the parts and paid for shipping , I was at half the cost of a brand new one . I will just keep the old one for parts should I need it.This runs pretty darn quiet for a high output air pump . My tank is in my main living room -LRB- where the family hangs out and watches TV -RRB- and it is NOT a distraction at all . I do have it on a dedicated shelf mounted to the wall and it sits on a folded up towel to absorb any vibrations.Highly recommend if you desire HIGH air output on several tubing lines !!!
 The Tetra 26076 Whisper Air Pump 300 is much quieter than the smaller Tetra Air Pumps I have used in the past . It is working very well .
 Simply the best and quietest pumps I have ever used . This is not your regular whisper air pumps ! It pushes a lot of air and works like a champ . Reliability is second to none with a great warranty to boot . Like all pumps the diaphrams will eventually wear out -LRB- though not for YEARS -RRB- . These air pumps are made with some heavy duty diaphrams and replacment parts are everywhere on the internet . Replacment is simple enough . Buy it your fish and your ears will be happy you did . Smashes Renas , regular whispers , -LRB- especially -RRB- JW 's , and all other pumps in it 's class .
 This pump has everything , power , silence , price and durability !!! forget about the whisper because of whisper do not have anything . Try it and you 'll see it .
 powering 6 different air gadgets 3 of them 6 inch stones . works great in tank . Would n't have it in my bedroom at night but still its quiet hardly notice it .
 Our old air pump quit and we bought three different ones to try out as a replacements.This one , the Whisper 300 , won by a landslide ! It is , by far , the quietest air pump I 've barely heard ! It 's definitely worth the extra bucks !
 I 've had for about 2 months . It 's quite and working great . The price is unbelievable . I use it for 200 gallon tank and it gives plenty of air for fish .
 I have it running multiple huge air stones and it has no problems and is very queit . Very good buy
 I bought this because I 've had another one like it for years that I needed to replace . I feel it is the best pill dispenser for pets -LRB- specifically for my cat -RRB- because the opening where you put the pill is unusually large so that you can put multiple pills in at the same time . Also , even if you only have to administer one pill , this is a good piller because it does n't grip the pill like some of the smaller ones do . It just provides a large area where you drop the pill in and then you insert the piller into the pet 's mouth and push the plunger to administer the pill . This piller is MUCH easier than any other I 've ever used .
 Re
 Four Paws Quick and Easy Pill Dispenser was just as I expected after seeing my Vet using this product on My fussy male cat who refuses to take his worming pills every three months for Tape Worms . He caught on after 3 trys of me slipping it into his food and treats and refused to take after that . BRAVO ! To my vet that hipped me to this product . Now for future treatments in all my other cats and kittens , this will literally take seconds to use . Thank You Four Paws !
 I work with dogs and am constantly getting bitten by grouchy dogs that need pilled several times a day . This isnt good for small pills , but works well for the tough dogs you dont want to stick your fingers down .
 This pill dispenser saved my life . My little Lhasa Apso had to take pills twice a day and getting them down his throat was practically impossible . Most of the time , it was a very traumatic experience for both Benji and me . This pill dispenser works great with hardly any trauma at all . I highly recommend it .
 a must for any pet household . love it . makes it easier to give my cat her pill that for now is needed to keep her going to the bathroom since she wo n't drink water.would definitely buy this product again .
 This is one of the best pill dispensers I have used . It 's simple , to the point , and gets the job done . It 's also reasonably durable so it will last for some time . Many of the plastic dispensers I have used in the past will warp at the tip after awhile so the pill will fall out before you 're ready to `` shoot '' . This one , so far , has not and I have been using it for several years now . That said , the ease of use still depends on your cat . I have 6 cats . Pill dispensing is a quick , easy , 1-person job on the 2 mellow cats . I also , however , have a Kitty Cujo with mad ninja skills who makes any job a 2-person job -LRB- or possibly a mob job -RRB- no matter what you are trying to do . Alas , I have only me but , with a bit of patience , skill , and subterfuge I am still able to get the pill into her with the use of this little item . The trick is to try and get the tip of the dispenser far enough into the cat 's mouth so that the pill shoots onto the back of the tongue and the cat will usually swallow it involuntarily . Except , of course , when they do n't . Then they spit the pill out at you and you are left with experience and the chance to try it all over again . Believe me , though , it is easier than trying to do the same type of maneuver with your fingers which is what my vet told me to do . With patience and practice , it does get easier . I am a pill gun sharpshooter at this point . And I still have all my fingers .
 I use this dispenser to copper bolus my Nigerian Dwarf goats . It works wonderfully for these smaller goats that require smaller capsules . It 's not the most durable tool -LRB- my goats chomp down on it -RRB- , but they are cheap enough I do n't mind replacing it every year or so .
 I used this on my 5 cats to worm them this month . It worked great as the dispenser is long enough to get to the back of their tongue without my fingers having to do the job and get bit in the process.All that said , this is a two person process . One person wraps the cat in a large towel -LRB- beach towel is perfect -RRB- and holds the cat firmly for reassurance and with all legs/claws covered.The second person puts the pill in the dispenser , opens the cats mouth with tip of dispenser and their fingers . Put the end of the dispenser to the back of the cats tongue and a quick push of the plunger dispenses the pill in the back of the cats tongue/throat area.The person dispensing the pill will need to blow in the nose/face of the animal while dispensing the pill . Just blow in the animals face . This helps the animal to breath in and swallow which is very handy as you are putting in the pill.Lastly , have a syringe -LRB- without the needle -RRB- of water . After the animal has swallowed the pill make sure to give them the water , as a dry pill can become lodged in the animals throat . Just think how you would feel with no water to help the pill go down.My dogs are easier to give pills , roll them in a ball of cheese , peanut butter or hot dog and they will usually take it.Cats are not so easily fooled.The pill I use for worming is just a tad too big for this dispenser , though the dispenser is a nice size , so I just broke the pill in half and dispensed the pill twice to each cat.If your cat spits out the pill , just try it again , it may take them , or you a couple of tries to get the hang of this dispenser .
 I highly reccommend this swing both my lovie and paorrtlett love theirs
 I bought a new fish and needed to quarantine him for a bit so I could monitor him for disease . This tank was super cheap and I like that there 's a little thing for changing water in the bottom . That said , having two bettas in this tank is ridiculous . Even having one in here permanently would be cruel . My fish is only going to live in this tank , with careful monitoring , for two weeks tops before he goes into a bigger tank with some other fish . This is just way too small even for a betta . As many others have pointed out , yes they can survive . You could survive in a closet too if someone fed you and removed waste . Would you be happy ?
 note before my review
 This is a great little fish tank for Betta fish . It stays nice and clean for a long time because of the EZ-clean filter grid at the bottom . It comes with gravel and 2 plastic trees to decorate the tank and a blue divider for the middle of the tank to separate the fish . There are slits in the top of the lid , so it 's easy to drop food in . There is enough room for the fish to swim in , these fish are generally kept in small bowls . The Pet stores will tell you that when you buy Betta fish . I 've had my Betta fish in this tank for over 2 years . I like the fact that it looks like a miniature version of a big tank . After 4 to 6 months it has to be cleaned , I found it somewhat difficult to clean , so I just bought another one and threw the old one out . They were only $ 4.95 at Wal-Mart , so it was no big deal . Unfortunately Wal-Mart replaced this tank with another brand , which is smaller , does n't have the EZ-clean filter grid bottom and does n't come with the gravel and trees , so now I have to get this tank from Amazon at more than double the price . Anyway my fish seem to like it , they swim all over this tank just fine . The only downside to this tank is that it does n't clean easily , so for that I give it 4 stars .
 I got my first 2 bettas -LRB- and this tank -RRB- about 6 years ago . I 'm saying this is a 5 star tank because if you just take out the plants and clean 75 percent per week and a full cleaning every month or two this is what you get
 My 405 broke down before leaving for vaction - the ceramic shaft broke . For just a few dollars more than the shaft alone I purchased the shaft and magnetic impetter.Once installed the unit is working as quietly as when it was new.The unit I have is approximately 9 years old . This is the only replacement part I have put on it . This unit replaced my original 405 when it broke down after 8 years of service .
 We have multiple kids and multiple cats . I 've tried it ALL -LRB- nature 's miracle , enzyme cleaners , etc etc -RRB- . I got a bottle of Kids N Pets and IT 'S THE GREATEST THING SINCE SLICED BREAD !! You can use it on mattresses -LRB- think potty training !! -RRB- it works on carpet . Laundry . EVERYTHING . It 's non-toxic and kid & pet safe . I now buy it by the CASE . This stuff ROCKS .
 Eighteen months ago we moved to a new home with relatively light-colored carpets . In the time we 've lived here one of the dogs and one of the humans have suffered health crises that involved bad messes -LRB- I wo n't disgust you with the details - suffice it to say that it was majorly icky -RRB- . Kids 'n' Pets stain remover really saved the appearance of our house . I do n't know what 's in this stuff but it may have been developed at Hogwarts . I 've ordered from here a number of times and have had no bad service experiences .
 One of my un neutered cats has been spraying on the floors.I bought a bottle of this and tried it out on my linoleum and wood floors.It takes the stain off and really eliminates the odor well . Male cats can have a very strong , pungent odor to their urine and this cleaning solution completely eliminates this unpleasant odor and makes the problem of spraying much easier to deal with.If you have a male cat who likes to spray , I highly recommend this.It 's also essential for the housebreaking stage of cats and dogs and can be applied directly to bedding and toys before putting them in the washing machine.For pet owners , this is an essential .
 On a scale of 1 to 5 , this product is definitely a 12 ! I 've been using it for years , during which time it has changed its name at least twice . It is awesome but you do have to POUR the liquid onto the stain . Totally soak the stain with undiluted Kids 'N' Pets , then rub gently . It removes diarhea -LRB- sick dog -RRB- from carpet in a few seconds , both stain and smell . Even removed permanent black hair dye that had been on the carpet for at least a week .
 I 've tried just about every pet odor/stain remover on the market , and this is the best odor remover I 've used . Plus , the product itself has a mild , pleasant scent . I wish they sold it by the gallon .
 I 've bought every brand of odor remover out there . You name it , I tried it . When I found Kids-n-Pets , my pet-owning life got much easier . I use it to clean up all manner of pet accidents . It works on pees , poos , vomit , hair balls . It also works on all surfaces from carpet , my hard wood floors , kitchen tile , I 've used it on the seats of my car and it is excellent in the laundry.I bought one of those black lights you can use to find the urine stains on your carpet . I treat the stain with this product , let it do it 's thing for a day or so , then I black light it again to verify the stain is gone and it is . I also give it the sniff test . Odor gone . It 's amazing . Especially with pet urine , you need all traces of the odor eliminated or your pet , having marked that spot , may return and repeat . Especially with carpet where liquid stains can sink through to the padding below , be sure to pour enough of the product on the stain so it can do its job . For laundry , pour the product directly on the stain then let it soak and sit for a while . Those enzymes need time to eat away at the odor before you wash .
 I 've owned cats for about 4 years , and it never fails , at one point or another one of them stopped using the litter box because of stress and another one had a litter of kittens that went potty on my very nice sofa . I have spent some real money testing and trying products to get rid of the smell - they never worked . Often , they just ended up attempting to cover up the smell , but beneath the smell of the product , I still always smelled urine . I gave up on cats.I kept my Dads cat for a weekend at my apartment -LRB- which is a new complex with new carpet -RRB- and guess where she decided to go ? On the carpet . . Again , I tried 3 or 4 cleaners to no avail ... and when we got a puppy , he decided to urinate a few times on the carpet as well . At my wits end , I decided to do another cleaner that was just $ 5.00 at Walmart - `` Kid 's N ' Pet 's '' . This product really offers something even for old stains . My Dad 's cat urinated on the carpet 6 months ago and when I used the Kid 's N ' Pet 's product the other day , I was SOOOO surprised to smell the difference . When I did the nose-to-carpet test , I still faintly detected a little bit of an underlying smell -LRB- which is why I rated it a 4 -RRB- , but the smell had close to vanished . Before , I could be sitting on the carpet and smell it - I could even smell it when I was standing by the wall where the stain was . Now , I really have to get my nose to the carpet to detect it.Kid 's N ' Pet 's has relieved me of so much stress . I would suggest this product to anyone , especially because of the low cost . It 's at least worth a try .
 I am incredibly skeptical of cleaner products . Most do n't seem to work , but Kids N Pets is AWESOME . We have a puppy , and two young children . Not only is it great for those accidents , but this stuff works absolutely amazing in my steam cleaner . It even cleaned up my 3 year olds permant marker drawing on the carpet , with no problems !! I did n't even bother pre-treating it ... just pulled out my steam cleaner -LRB- a middle of the road on at that -RRB- . 5 minutes later it was all gone . Coffee , hair dye , permantent marker , dried up old chocloate , pet stains , potty training accidents , it works on all of it . The only thing I have n't tried is kool aid and hawaiian punch but I bet it would work there too . Throw out any other floor stain cleaner and only buy this . I buy it by the case !
 This product is the absolute BEST on the market . There is no stain or odor that escapes its power . I recommend this to all parents of young children and all pet owners . You will be glad that you have it available . Absolutely fabulous !!
 I have tried a lot of different products but none compare to this . You just sprinkle some on the spot when it dries it 's gone . No vaccuming required .
 I use Kids N ' Pets for pet accidents and for my sweaty-smelling gym clothes . It works flawlessly EVERY SINGLE time ! I 've also used it for stain removal and it never lets me down !
 Anyone with an elderly parent who has one of those portable toilets in the bedroom . Just take the bucket part , after you 've dumped and cleaned it , and add this product to and inch or two of fresh water in the bottom.Put back on attachment seat . You now have no smell whatsoever for 2 days in that room -LRB- and hall -RRB- even tho the potty is holding urine . Amazing .
 If you have pets or children or just for every day spot cleaning . . this stuff is the greatest . . it works on almost everything . . Blood , wine , coffee ... those ring around the collars . . I use it on clothes and carpet . . I ca n't live without this product ... That is why when I made my purchase I bought the 12 Pack . . Try it ... I think you will be very pleased ... SincerelySharonMissouri
 If you completely soak items and let air dry completely , then completely soak again and wash this seems to do the trick.Some things it did n't work on but I agreed that they were unsalvage-able anyway.The smell gets worse before it evaporates - do n't panic.If this is used properly & still the smell remains I just throw out the item which I only had to do twice.Recommend .
 The bottle said I could use this on clothing , so I put it to the test . My husband 's job is very messy and he gets motor oil , contruction grime , and tar-like substances on his shirts all the time . Until this product , I was out of luck . To make it easier to apply , I moved it to a spray bottle . Now I just saturate the stain , let it sit for awhile , and wash it . His shirts come out looking new , and the laundry smells normal . I ca n't stand it when spray spot removers leave perfumes behind ! This product is worth its weight in gold . I ca n't wait to try cleaning my floors with it !
 These replacement pads are at least as good as the originals , and fit the filter canister perfectly . If you 're careful when cleaning them , they will last for several years
 It 's a good product ; the carbon filter always seems to break down a lot sooner than the pre-filter . You have to take care when cleaning the carbon filter as it will break apart if cleaning it with too high of water pressure , use the lowest water pressure that you can use possible to extend the life of the carbon filter .
 Great product , fits perfectly in the filter unit . The product description matches the description perfectly . Arrived ontime without issue . Will use them again .
 Item was just what I needed and it came on time . It fit perfectly into my old filter container so I did n't have to buy an entire new set .
 My husband needed this product for our 75 gallon tropical tank . The item ordered works great . I think they should have used a flat rate shipping box . The small box is only $ 4.95 . The item would have fit with no problem . The shipping charged was about much as the item .
 got this for our old filter that was making some noise in the area of the impeller . Ordered this and it came fast and in great packaging . Slipped right in and was a great fit and was quiet as a mouse . Back to having a nice filter again just because of replacing the impeller !
 This did n't entirely fix my issues with the powerhead , but I have a few more things to check before I rule it out dead ! LOL
 We first came across this in a funky variety store when living in PA. . We would give it to our dogs on special occasions . Since then we have moved and I discovered that I could order it on Amazon . I mix a little in everyday into their dry food . They love it !
 Both my dogs love all the Merrick canned food varieties , but this one seems to be their favorite . Even my hard-to-impress little JRT is very enthusiastic about this food . I like that although it 's a stew-type food -LRB- as opposed to loaf style -RRB- the gravy is n't runny . It 's a thick , meaty gravy that makes the food `` stretch '' a lot more when I add it to their kibble . 12 cans last a little over a month for us .
 Like other Merrick varieties , my dog also loves this brand as well . Ordering was easy and the turn-around time although it was initially quoted at 7-10 days , I received my items in 2 business days ! I saved even with shipping compared to my local retailer without having to haul it back to my home .
 With the cost of a frozen TUR-DUC-KEN being $ 69 plus almost $ 20 shipping , this canned alternative is really a bargain!Merrick Homestyle is clearly the classiest of the whole-meals-in-one-can products . Bravo !
 I have tried all kinds of food with my 3 dogs , and when I started giving them Merrick , their stools decreased in size , their coats gleam , and their energy is contagious . I will never feed my babies another brand of food . Worth every cent to keep my dogs happy and healthy . Turducken and the Rainbow Trout dishes are their personal favorites .
 My 12 year old golden has a new life with this food . She had a lackluster appetite before Merrick came into our home . I found it at a local organic pet store . Their price was ridiculous - nearly $ 3 per can . I bought a few to try - I was amazed at the results ! I have n't seen my 75 lb . dog jump vertical with glee in many years . I mix it with her dry food . One can will last 3-4 days . The difference in her level of activity and enthusiasm is unbelievable ! I went to the local store to negotiate their price on buying bulk based on what I could get it on line and the best they could do was a 10 % discount . Needless to say , this seller has a customer for the life of my dog . Kudos to improving our quality of life at a reasonable price . This food is so great , I have been tempted to taste the spoon !
 First three ingredients
 I ordered a case of this Merrick product . My dog likes this and Grammys Pot Pie . It does not have the aversive smell that some canned dog foods have ; it smells yummy and has a nice gravy that is good for mixing with dry food . I have been very pleased with Merrick products ... my dog 's coat could n't be softer .
 My dog gets bored easily of her food . We tried every different kind of food to get her appetite going again . Merrick 's Turducken and Wing-a-ling did the trick . We mix it with her dry food and she is so happy ! She gets very excited at mealtime . I have noticed a difference in her coat and energy level too .
 It is my 7 yr old lab/basenji mix 's favorite food , which we mix 1/3 can together with her dried food , making a single can last a week as a special treat . However , after shipping , it is cheaper to go to my local pet store
 I have gone through several different kinds of dog food and this is so far the best . I have one rottweiler and two bichons and I thought they were going to have me for desert . I mix this with turducken dry dog food and they eat every bite , no more left dryed out food . I have this on subscription so my dogs get the best . It may be a couple of dollars more than the regular dog food but it is well worth the price . I have also ordered the other Merricks to try and I am hoping they like this just as much ...
 A brand also recommended by Dr. Fox . Mixes well w/other wet foods and table scraps . Both dogs healthy at ages 16 and 9 .
 My dog loves this food . And I love the veggies added , plus vitamins etc. . Great grain free food for the price .
 Our French Basset is not a finicky eater , in fact , she will eat almost anything she can get into her mouth . But , she has an allergic reaction to a broad range of ingredients commonly found in dog food ; the result is we have relatively few choices of foods we can provide to her . Most of the dog food we can provide is reminiscent of unappetizing hospital food . Well , that is , until we found Merrick canned dog food . I suspect if you took some Merrick canned dog food out of a can , put it into a soup bowl and warmed it up , you could serve it and any human would happily eat it and ask for more . Needless to say , our dog loves it -LRB- as does my son 's Australian Kelpie -RRB- and , having read the ingredients , we feel good about providing it to her . So far , over the last several months , we have served her Merrick 's French Caf&eacute; and Cowboy Cook Out . Her health excels , there have been no indications of allergic reaction , she licks the bowl clean and we feel good about what we are feeding her .
 I 've been feeding my dog Merrick canned food mixed with some Halo dry food for four months now . He loves it -LRB- he 's a picky eater -RRB- and he 's super healthy ! I 've heard some reviews that say this food leads to gassiness and diarrhea ... I imagine that could be true if someone was switching their dog from a very low quality dry or canned food because this is a wholesome , stew-like food . It takes some adjustment to get used to but once your dog has adjusted , I do n't think you 'll find a better quality canned dog food .
 My dog was having a spell of pancreatis and this brought him right back to normal . I had tried lots of special meals and this was amazing . I now include a can every week with my home made meals for both my dogs .
 My dog is a picky guy who does not like things that do not taste great . This not only tastes great , his clean bowl shows me how he feels about it , but I feel good about the ingredients . My pup loves people food and this seems like it 's a super chunky stew -LRB- especially when you add a little water and heat it up -RRB- . My dog is n't a &#34; working dog &#34; per se , but he does go into work with me and he loves this food . It 's a safe go-to that I know he 'll be happy to have for dinner . I think Merrick is a quality brand .
 I have to bathe Bentley Brown ... my show cat every week , Four Paws Magic Cat Tearless Shampoo is great because on the rare day I get suds in his eyes this product will not cause redness in Bentley 's eyes . His coat also smells nice and shines .
 This is very gentle but not quite moisturizing , but overall good quality regarding to the price.The actual product may have different packaging like mine was red bottle .
 I bathed my cat with this a few times ... No easy task considering he does n't like water at all . But this product is good , meant for cats , and leaves no scent .
 * : SUPER . : ** : . HAPPY CUSTOMER ** : ** A + + + LOVE IT , EXACTLY AS DESCRIBED GOOD PRODUCT. : ** : We 've been using this on our kitten since she was a kitten 14 years ago . All our kitties love it and love smelling like it after their bath .
 I washed my kitten off last night with this shampoo . He is a ragdoll cat which are known for their soft , bunny like fur , but when I washed him with this shampoo his fur is SO soft and luscious . It also shines . I even used this on my angora hamster -LRB- not sure if this is recommended -RRB- , but she was also soft and shiny . It leaves a nice pleasant scent and while it is gentle it also cleaned stains and poo out of my kitten 's fur . -LRB- The reason for the bath . I am SO glad I got the shampoo before I got the kitten .
 I used this to get car oil off my cat . He ended up leaving the house when we opened the door and was too terrified to leave his hiding spot . When we were able to get him from under the car , he was covered in car oil ! It did n't work to get all of it off , but most of it was gone .
 I love this shampoo - I have been bathing my kitten since she was 6 weeks old with it . Her coat is always so shiny after each bath . The shampoo did not cause any skin allergies or dryness .
 Not too long ago , we found three abandoned kittens . So we took them in , and raised them up until they were full of energy and a bit rambunctious . Problem was that they were quite dirty and had their fair share of fleas . Luckily , this bottle had just come in the mail as I originally ordered it for my own cat . So we decided to give them all a bath . Everyone on Amazon has complimented the smell of the shampoo but to me , it kind of smelled like car soap ? I would much prefer it to smell like baby shampoo than car soap so that was a little disappointing . Perhaps it 's a new formula as one reviewer mentioned , but what would possess a company to turn it from baby smell to car smell ? It does n't seem like a good business ploy . Either way , scent aside , the shampoo worked great ; it got rid of the dirt and their grimy coats . Not so much the fleas , but it slowed down their movement so that I could comb some of them out while in the bath.Bottom line , it works wonders . Made my own cat quite affectionate in her clean state and the kittens were nice and soft , I just hope they stay clean enough to find them new happy homes .
 This did a great job of cleaning my cats . It is n't too thick , easily works into the fur , gets rid of bad smell , etc. . The only issue is I am not smelling any scent from it , their fur just smells like cat . That could be a good thing , especially since it shows how well it is working at getting rid of odor rather than simply masking it , but personally I like my cats to have a fresh scent after a bath . I will continue using this though since it does work so well .
 I love , love , love the scent of this shampoo . And I love how the scent lingers for quite a while -LRB- a week ? -RRB- on my cats when I use it . Unfortunately , cats and baths generally do n't mix , so I only use it a couple times a year , and this one bottle has lasted me 12 years . I generally only bathe the cats to reduce shedding and allergens . Actually , my 1-year old cat did n't seem to mind when I bathed him the other day , so maybe I can get away with washing him more often . My bottle was getting low so I came to Amazon to see if I could order it here . I 'm not sure if the scent is from the lanolin or just a fragrance , but the lanolin helps make the cats ' coats nice and smooth and their fur is fluffier without being staticky . The shampoo rinses pretty easily , too . I have n't used any others so I ca n't compare it . Like another reviewer said , this is the one I just happened to pick at the time . But if it 's not broke , do n't fix it!UPDATE
 I 'm not crazy about the scent , though it is n't bad and many people seem to like it . It is a quality product that does what it is meant to . Bottom line
 It 's pretty cheap , and seems nice overall . Kitties come out smelling like babies . Another perk is that this product is made in America !
 Giving your Cat a Bath is generally unwise ... I try to do it only when there is some dire need -LRB- e.g. , when my cat conceived an inexorable curiosity about the flip-top garbage can , and ended up falling in -RRB- . This stuff makes them extremely soft , and when I occasionally use it on them , they end up being quite happy -LRB- the actual washing part is pretty harrowing , though -RRB- . It smells like that Johnson & Johnson `` no more tears '' baby shampoo . Maybe it is , but with a picture of a kitten on the bottle.That said , I would not wash your baby with this . Just to be safe .
 I bought a himalayan kitten and I have only used this shampoo on him . I have to wash him once a week . The lanolin is good for his delicate skin and the protein is good for his fur . It also has a great smell and minimal ingredients . Oh ya , I almost forgot ... it 's tearless . I love this stuff !
 My cat is too fat to clean herself , so I have to give her a bath once a week . This shampoo is gentle enough to use once a week , and it leaves her coat silky smooth !
 My Persian kitty had ongoing dermatitis . I purchased this thinking the lanolin and other moisturizers would help , which it absolutely did . Not only did the `` derm grit '' disappear , but my kitty stopped itching ! Her hair is gorgeous ! Its soft , smells lovely and she is prancing around like she just left the salon . This is my first review for amazon , I had to share for my fellow cat lovers !
 Cat shampoo must not be too thick , and this one is just about right ! If it 's too thick , it just means extra time lathering and rinsing my angry clawed friends . I disagree with another reviewer that this scent lasts a long time . The fact is that it 's fairly neutral/baby product smelling , and is n't designed to keep your cats smelling laundry fresh for a week.I have twin tabby cats , and I used this brand on one , and an expensive Japanese brand on the other in the same bathing session , Magic Coat works just as well . In fact , I kind of prefer Magic Coat , just because it has fewer chemicals.I do n't know if tearless is even a selling point -LRB- seems like slight marketing anthropomorphism -RRB- since I do n't think cats shed tears while crying due to shampoo stinging . I usually do n't shampoo their face too much , you can easily use a moistened towel instead , to prevent water/shampoo getting into ears .
 I have two Ragdoll cats and use this shampoo on both of them . After using this shampoo my cats no longer smell like cat and it gets rid of the lose cat hair and dander .
 I happened to but this shampoo some time ago , just by randomly picking it at a store . I am really glad I did ! This is the only shampoo I use on my cat since then . It cleans very well but at the same time is really , really mild on the cat . It also smells wonderful and my cat 's fur end up all soft and shiny . It has never irritated his skin or eyes , and he does n't seem to be bothered with the smell -LRB- cats can get to hate some products that smell good for us , but they just stink to them -RRB- . Also , I have found this shampoo to be a little too concentrate , so I usually dilute a little of it on a cup of warm water - it still makes up for a lot of foam , great cleaning and smell , and lasts for quite a good time!I do n't really have a single complain here , this is an excellent product . Satisfaction guaranteed !
 It does exactly what it claims.Very easy to rinse and leaves the coat very nice . No strong aroma either . I only used one soaping though .
 I really like this shampoo and will buy more . My kitty is fluffy and smelling good after his bath with this soap .
 Smells good and softens the cat right up , though smells suspiciously like Johnson and Johnson Baby shampoo ... Hmmm kind of gets you wondering . Have had no issues with it and will maybe look into the ingredients on the bottles .
 Ordered this to go with the Marshall pet pen . I keep our baby chicks in it until they are ready to go in the coop . It is easy to clean and holds most of the shavings inside . I wish it was a bit taller and more octagon shape -LRB- vs. circular -RRB- so that it would be a tighter fit around the pen . But much better than having nothing or anything else I could have come up with for the base . I also ordered a second one to place on top to keep the chicks from flying out once they got a bit bigger and could roost on the edge of the pen . So , far , I have not needed to use it .
 Great product for small animal owners . Provides nice play area for pets , or shades play place for pets who enjoy the outdoors .
 This Mat/Cover works as advertised . Helps keep your Marshall Ferret Playpen sanitary for whatever small beasts inhabit . Easy to use , easy to clean . . A much better solution than some of the other generic non-fitted playpen mats out there . If you have the 18 '' Playpen this is a good investment .
 a must have to go w/the pen -LRB- i would n't use the pen w/out the mat/cover -RRB- but not perfect . most of my ferrets are fine w/this set up but i have one extra frisky ferret that can jump up on the bars and weave his way out of the cover between the velcro attachments . so if you have a determined escape artist , plan on keeping an eye on his/her play closely . we avoid surprise escapes by attaching the cover all the way around the pen with clothes pins . it 's a pain but it works to keep the cover completely attached so my fuzzy ca n't push through .
 No more blankets , no more towels ! Love this product . It has velcro to attach to the pen . I have put mine through the washing machine ! A must have to go along with the pen .
 It does n't quite fit . It 's a little bigger than it should be but , that does n't hinder what it 's used for . It 's durable and can withstand minor digging .
 je suis bien contente d'en avoir prix 2 -LRB- un pour le plancher et un pour le toit -RRB- . Ainsi je peux laisser courir mes chinchillas sans craindre qu'il ronge quoi que ce soit ou il mange de l'herbe -LRB- dehors -RRB- ni qu'il s ' &eacute;chappe en dehors du parc .
 I mix this wet food in with merrick dry food . My black mouth cur loves all of the different cans . I also love the variety , and I enjoy giving my dog different flavors of food . I think she really enjoys them . She always eats all of her food , and this food agrees well with her . Her other favorite is Merrick Wingaling . The price on Amazon beats my local pet store so next time i will be ordering on here . This is very good food .
 My dogs love this food , and you ca n't beat the Amazon subscription price . I am fanatical when it comes to feeding my dogs . I lost a dog to the 2007 poisoning scandal , I vowed it would never happen again . So I am very particular about the ingredients of the food , the source of ingredients , the company , and the manufacturer . I like that merrick 's food is produced in-house , this lowers the possibility of a mass scale contamination issue like what happened recently with Diamond . So far merrick has not been involved in any major recalls , accept for a few years back they voluntarily recalled some treats . Since then I have been very impressed with the innovations they have made in terms of food selection and production . Granted this food is not for every dog , as all dogs have differing digestions . But so far my two Chesapeake 's love this stuff . It 's made a great addition to their rotating meal plan ... I feed a couple different brands of canned meat , which helps keep their diet balanced . This is one that will remain in the rotation .
 I bought this as a supplement in between dry food - so she could have a mixture . But now , Chloe is refusing any food but this . It is much more expensive than the dry food that I was feeding her - but it is definitely worth it . It is made with real meat - and no byproducts , which is important to me!This is a great food for the money .
 We have a mini weiner dog and she will not touch dog food unless she is starving . Anytime we eat , she is there begging for table scraps . We feed this food to both of our dogs and they both come running when we put it out , they love it !
 Healthy AND popular ? Yes , please ! I just wish it came in smaller cans , as our 6 lb Maltese ends up eating a lot of cold fridge leftovers .
 Most all of the Merrick dog food is very well made . Some of it looks like human food . Highly recommended .
 This stuff is great !! It kills fleas on contact and also ticks . It 's safe for dogs , cats and ferrets . It was recomended by my vet to use and I 've used it for years . The best thing about this product is it kills fleas on contact .
 This items is , without a doubt , hands down , everything I expected and much much more ! I could n't be happier ! Thanks so much !
 This is a bit spendy , but my furry kids love it ! I ca n't offer it daily , due to the cost , but they get it at least 2x a week for treats . I have 3 dogs and they go thru it rather quickly . I would like to see it more readily accessible , perhaps in pet stores or at vets.I like this product ... and , I like the concept ... naturally healthy stuff for healthy dogs !
 Yes ... this water bottle is the -LCB- bleep -RCB- when it comes to not leaking . I have a few problems with it , however . It 's not made for hanging on a cage -LRB- I had my old one hanging on the outside with the water tube running between the bars -RRB- . I ca n't do that with this one , the angle of the tube just is too shallow to fit properly -LRB- when I tried sticking through the bars on the outside , it would have had to sit flat or break a few bars -RRB- . I 'm a little worried that Harry the Hamster might chew on the plastic and cause a hole . There is a band around the top of the bottle that also makes is a little difficult to make the water bottle hang flush with the side of the cage . Not exactly sure why it 's there , other than for decoration . I think they could have done without that little flourish.It 's a lot smaller than the other one I had , but I think barring any hole chewing , this may be a great water bottle . There are problems with it , I feel ... but still , it does n't leak . Which is why I bought it . And Harry seemed pretty happy with it too . Which is all that matters .
 You can search high and wide , as I have done , for a small pet water bottle that does n't leak . It 's a tall order , and I have yet to succeed in finding such a bottle for Danny Boy , my chinchilla . Oasis used to make great ones , but they apparently have sold out to another manufacturer , and those bottes are now not up to par . Other popular brands continually leak.But this tiny water bottle does not leak . Three cheers and hurrah!Since it is dark blue , it is a little hard to know just how much water has been drunk by small pets -LRB- mine are two mice -RRB- . So it 's best to change the water at least every other day . That way one can be safe.Be sure to tamp the tip of the bottle a few times after installing it in the cage . That will stop any initial leaking due to jarring.But it 's a great relief for me to find a non-leaking product . They 're hard to find , and I am glad to have come upon this one .
 Crittertrail cages should come with this water bottle by default . It has 2 balls in it to prevent leaking , but my dwarf hamster can still drink out of it just fine . Cleaning and refilling is easy . If you have a Crittertrail cage , buy this !
 This water bottle fits perfectly in my mini hamster cage . It is a great replacement to the cheap bottles that come with the cages . Also , it does not leak .
 i think my hampster likes this ... its definitely better than the one that came with his crittertrail . i like it because it has the spring loaded ball and the bent pipe -LRB- ? -RRB- so he can access his water at a better angle .
 I have tried many water bottles . I use them with the wildlife we raise and with my parrot . This one I bought for my parrot . I am so sick of leaking bottles !! This one does NOT leak ! I would pay double not to deal with the leaking water on the bottom of the cage . This is worth the extra money . This is the best .
 My Lab loves jerky treats even more than pigs ears and that is saying a lot .
 The size of this item would be perfect for my cat . However , the $ 8.00 shipping cost for such a light weight item is outrageous !!! I bet USPO shipping would come to less than $ 3.00 . For mentioned reasons , I am not going to purchase this cat bell .
 I love these bells , they are perfect for my cats ' collars and have the cutest sound when they walk around the house ! I would have bought more if they were available ! PERFECT item , and described very well on the website . I 'll but from this outfit again , anytime !
 I have 4 cats . They go outside only when I am there to chaperone . Due to there being 4 of them and only one of me , this little bell is a great help . Just listen and you will hear this little bell over everything else . You know when they decide in a split second that they need to be across the yard and around a corner that you ca n't see yet until you catch up to them , and by then they decide to go somewhere else -LRB- out of sight -RRB- you can hear where they are at or heading . I have tried alot of other bells & Love , love , love this product the BEST !
 I am pleased with this feeder and like that it includes stainless bowls . It is a perfect height for my female greyhound . When my Weimaraner puppy is bigger , I think this feeder will be a nice choice for her also . It 's a much more expensive choice than the plastic feeders , but since it has a more sleek/less bulky look , it 's a good choice for my small house .
 This feeder seems a bit expensive , but it has a nice look and is sturdy . I 've had it for a little over 6 months and it still looks pretty much like new once I clean it . Great Stainless bowls . Perfect height for my German Shepherd , the Scotties at my house like to drink out of it , too ! Very easy to assemble . I would recommend this product , especially if you do n't want a goofy looking plastic one !
 Fast shipping . Looks great ! Perfect for my boxer . My cat even likes drinking out of it !
 I purchased this item before a fishing trip to keep bait alive ... 2 -LRB- cheap -RRB- D cell batteries and 3 and a half days later , this thing has been running constantly and still has n't died !!! Talk about wow ! Now I wish I had n't bought so many batteries ! : -RRB-
 Product came on time and I rate it a B + . I ordered this item for our 20 gallon fish tank that is in our backyard . Makes the fish happy because oxygen is supplied through the pump . Great for a bigger fish aquarium .
 I have a small , desktop tank that uses an air pump to power the water filter . This device is perfect for if the power goes out to continue to provide the filtration and aeration to the tank . I would highly recommend it as a back up to anyone with an aquarium .
 I love the Aquaclear filter and this sponge does a great job of keeping the water clear . However , there is no reason to replace the sponge unless your original one gets damaged . During your weekly water change , rinse and squeeze the sponge in the water you take from the aquarium . It 'll last forever this way and you 'll keep the beneficial bacteria in the tank where it 's going to keep the ammonia and nitrites under control .
 Easy to match up and choose the correct replacement part for my filter . This is exactly what I ordered for a reasonable price .
 great deal but the only thing that was n't great was the packaging , there where huge holes in the package and it could have fallen out or someone working could have took it so this review gets 4 stars even though i paid a dollars for it
 This is a great product for dog owners and car owners . I just bought a new car and wanted to cover the back seat to keep it clean , problem was car seat covers were to thin and too much work to take off and clean . Then I found this product Kozy K-9 car seat covers , they feel more like a blanket , really nice and look good too . Easy on and off with non slip backing . Machine washable also .
 My dogs loves these and then to be able to find and purchase in bulk is a win-win for both me and the dogs .
 My guinea pigs just love this product and its very good diet wise for them.Guinea pigs need an adequate amount of vitamin C to stay healthy . I do mix it with some regular pellets and use the little timothy hay bales for them to chew on , very good for their teeth . Thumbs up for this product .
 The item purchased is for an amazing filter and as a much needed update to my old filter which was slowly dying it works very well . Better I think than the old one ever did
 I have always been skeptical of supplements doing what they claim . In most cases , the truth is that they just do n't -LRB- for humans * or * dogs -RRB- . This is not the case with Shed-Stop . To be clear , it does not make shedding stop entirely -LRB- which it does n't claim to do -RRB- , so do not expect that level of results . However , it claims to eliminate shedding by 70 % and I agree it does . Note
 I 've used this product for several years to help with my dog 's shedding and coat . It works just fine and the dog love the tastes . I have used this on several of my dogs and they all love the taste . I will continue to use this product . It is listed under Shed Stop , but the name is now Shed Solution .
 Works like magic , but pricey , and will get smelly and spoiled after a month after opened . I wish you could purchase 1/2 the size .
 I have TWO Golden Retreivers and ONE that I dog sit for DAILY ... this product really works ! No more hair bushes in the corners of my kitchen ... worth EVERY penny !
 I have a Bernese Mt.Dog and yes he does shed . I started using Shed Stop the beginning of this year . I have noticed a considerable difference in his shedding and in his hair coat . Oh , he still sheds but I 'm not finding the amount of hair in my house like I use to . His hair coat is so soft and has a wonderful shine to it . But I also brush him if not every day , every other day . He also gets groomed every 6-8 weeks . Shed Stop will NOT stop the shedding but it will help cut down on it . Regular grooming is still very important . For my dog it took about 6 weeks before I could really noticed a difference . I buy the gal jug and put a pump on it for easier dispensing.I would recommend this product to every dog owner .
 After reading up on cat nutrition , we ordered some of this and another high-end brand . Our 2 young cat brothers are used to Nutro and Friskies wet food , which makes up 50 % of their diet -LRB- the rest dry -RRB- . It looks similar in color and texture to ground beef , and is very sticky , like ground beef -LRB- but I 'm guessing it 's cooked -RRB- . catinfo.org said Cowboy Cookout is formulated to mimic real mouse . Well , must be working , because our one cat took a half-can-sized slab , and ran with it dangling from his mouth like a trophy as I chased him around the house . Amazingly the huge chunk did n't fall apart until I caught him and he started to struggle . He kept doing this , I had to break it up so it does n't stick together . So two thumbs up from him.The other cat was n't a big fan , perhaps cause he 's never had real beef -LRB- instead of beef byproducts ? -RRB- - he kept stopping and looking around for something better to eat . He eventually finished his half-can , but took about 10 minutes to do so -LRB- during which I have to fight off his brother from stealing it -RRB- . So make sure your cats like real beef , and the sticky consistency seems to make them take chunks from the bowl and eat it on the floor , which is messy . They do n't do this with other wet foods . I will probably buy a chicken-based from Merrick next time.Edit
 This is my cat 's FAVORITE flavor of food ! When we first brought our cat into our home he was eating an all dry food diet . After plenty of research and disscusions we decided that we would rather him have a diet of wet food . Well as many people already know , switching a cat from dry food to wet food is n't always the easiest task . We tried with several flavors from Wellness -LRB- a brand similar to Merrick -RRB- but he just was n't interested . Finally , we tried a can of Cowboy Cookout with him and he has never looked back since . This is a very healthy option and our cat goes crazy for it !!!
 I bought these because I LOVE Merrick and I wanted my girls to try everything that is good for them and delicious at the same!This is the first time I bought Merrick treats although I 've been buying raw hides and bones from them for years but thought I would give it a try since they looked like actual real sausages you would get an Italian deli and they do.When we got the box in I opened it right up because I was way too excited for the girls to try their new treats and I have to say they already new what was coming for them because once I was handed that box from UPS they were glued on me.They smell fantastic , taste great -LRB- for a dog treat -RRB- , and they even look like the real deal except when you cut into them and the `` meat '' consistency you would be use to in a `` human '' sausage is n't there.Anyhow for my Labrador a full piece is fine but for my Toy size Fox Terrier a whole piece is way too much so I have to cut it into pieces and store the rest for a later time . Unfortunately I did not think of putting it in the fridge after I opened the single pack and the next time I went to grab it , it was covered in mold ! I store them in the pantry so -LRB- dry/cool place -RRB- and I just put the rest in a Ziploc bag and it went bad.So if you plan on cutting pieces off make sure you put it in the fridge because a simple Ziploc bag wo n't do anything.Either than that these are amazing both my girls wiggle none stop from being super happy !
 Do not have to purchase or figure out how to build a tunneland the flap should last forever - no more expense of replacing.Great Security with bullet proof shield-Not to mention its the very best looking dog door for a house . Prompt delivery .
 Aquaclear 70 very convenient . I 've dealt with alot of aquarium supplies over the last 30 years and this is by far the easiest way to use the activated carbon .
 My dog 'd mission in life is to destroy toys and these last 10x longer than everything else I 've found , and the squeaker is n't too obnoxious !
 This Fire Hose toy holds up really well to my German Wirehair 's chewing . It has lasted 4 months , so far , with everyday abuse . I have another one which is now getting tired after a year . I appreciate not having to buy a toy every week !
 This is the coolest fetch toy I have ever owned , I love the fact that it does float.But I just let my dog have it she would Destroy it in 5 min .20 lb parson Terrier mix .
 We can never find any toys that our German Shepherd wo n't destroy within 6 hours . These hoses are the only things that survive . Takes her at least a month to wreck them . It 's pretty much all we buy now . Great quality , good price , good shipping speed . Doggy and I are happy .
 I have a deer chihuahua and a cocker/maltese . They would destroy any stuffed toy in hours . Maybe a couple days if lucky . I bought these months ago and they are still going strong ! I highly recommend these if you have a dog that likes to rip the stuffing out of things . Or if you just want a toy that will last a really long time . They come in different sizes so make sure to get the correct size for your dog .
 It 's very durable for a 1 year old dachshund mix . He chews on it a lot and has not ripped it apart . The one complaint I have is that with the thick core , the squeaker is weak . He does n't use it as a `` squeaky '' at all but does use it as a chew toy .
 Could hard toy . And destroy for the toy.Could not the sneak , and sound.It 's a solid toy ... Tattering and torning the small dog .
 This is perfect for my teething puppy . She chews gnaws and runs around with it in her tiny little mouth , very cute .
 Have a very active Jack russel who usually has things torn apart in mintues , this toy a great size and so far is durable . Already had a medium and was happy with quality , the small is a better size for our little terror .
 My dog destroys all toys , even Kongs , but this has survived since Christmas . The ends are frayed but it still squeaks ! The squeaker is usually the first thing to go but both are still working . It great to spot in the snow unlike the many balls that wo n't be found until spring .
 This item runs a bit big but may shrink if put in the dryer . It is durable and seems very comfortable . It holds up well after washing . Nice product !
 My dane/st bernard mix dog tore this -LRB- large version -RRB- apart in a day . It 's a great idea though - recycle old fire hose . I 'm finding the only toy my dog has n't torn completely apart is the classic KONG . West Paw brand toys hold up really well . They have resisted my dog much , much longer than any KONG toy -LRB- other than the classic -RRB- . I keep looking and trying toys . I purchase toys 3 at a time and have yet to find thrash-resistant ones . If one last a month I 'm thrilled . Many have lasted about 15 minutes .
 First off , this is NOT a CHEW toy . Bad reviews claiming it is not durable are far from the truth . This is an excellent fetch toy and decent for tugging -LRB- the handle may rip after a lot of use -RRB- The material is as indestructable as they come . My full grown Shepherd has had this for over a year and it only has one small tear , and thats because I let him gnaw on it for awhile which you should n't do . I am buying more of them for my new puppy . Amazon has a great price on them too .
 I have a young Standard Poodle that can chew most other dogs under the table . Oops , forgot , she chewed up the table . And the window sills , and every dog bed and dog toy we 've bought for her . I 'll admit , within a day , she had chewed the end straps off of this toy . But then , hard as she tried , she could n't get through the rest of the toy . She has now lost interest in it . Perhaps , if this toy could be made with a little more enticement , such as something in the middle that rattles , to keep her interest focused on it , rather than the woodwork in my kitchen , it would probably get 5 stars from me !
 I have a Doberman puppy -LRB- 3 1/2 months old , -RRB- & this toy is great . Remember , you ca n't rely on a single chewy toy , or type of chewy toy to hold your dogs attention . You MUST physically work your dog as well as offer several different types of interactive toys . This hose toy is excellent ! It truly does hold up . It sounds as though other dog owners are not exercising their dogs properly , thus the over chewing . Do buy this Hard Core Hose toy , it 's wonderful !!
 This is one hardworking toy for those who love to chew & chew & chew & ... I hope they come out with more shapes . The weakest part is the stretchy holder - wo n't last too long , but it 's not needed . Great toy - love the firehose !!!!!
 The is the only thing my dog has played with that her sharp teeth has not destroyed in a matter of minuets .
 Out 18 month old dog typically chews toys into pieces in < a minute , thus although he got inside on one edge within 10 minutes , the toy kept going for days . Thus , although not the long lasting toy I want/need , it has held up better than most . Our had two squeakers and he loves finder them and crushing them .
 My tough chewer -LRB- Blue Heeler -RRB- has been working on this toy for about two months . He unravels , un-stuffs , and generally destroys all other `` tough chewer '' toys , but this one is holding up . Yes , the edges are starting to fray , but it 's to be expected after continual heavy use . The squeakers have held up though all of the chewing , and they were n't even obnoxious to begin with . Destructo dog and I both love this toy - and we 're going to order more for our fur-friends xmas gifts !
 We have an 8-month old mini Australian Shepherd . He has been dubbed `` DestructoDog '' in our house because he deliberately destroys every toy we give him . He pulls at seams , chews on edges , and loves to get at the stuffing and squeaker in the toy . He refuses hard plastic toys and destroys soft plastic ones . He even gets the soft coating off of tennis balls . Out of desperation , we have been buying four or five `` indestructible '' toys at a time . Usually , they last a matter of hours before he figures out how to tear it up and loses interest . The Hard Core Fire Hose toy has lasted over a week . He has frayed the edges slightly and Fezzik will probably eventually tear it up , but it as lasted far longer than any other toy . As a result , our dog is enamored with it -- insisting it be the only toy he fetches -LRB- he used to chase anything -RRB- and if we try to play fetch with something else , he brings us this toy back . Right now , he is curled up sleeping with this toy right next to him . Even if it only lasts another week , it will be well worth the money . We plan to buy more of these awesome toys .
 My Border Collie simply could not live without this toy - if it were up to him , we would play catch with it 24 hours a day . He chews it quite aggressively at times , which it holds up to pretty well -LRB- over time , he does end up chewing through it -RRB- . It does collect moisture -LRB- saliva -RRB- , so it eventually gets soaked completely through -LRB- I always have several on hand , so one can dry out while he 's playing with another one -RRB- . You would think that a fire hose would be moisture-proof , but that 's not true ; the stuffing does end up soaked.The squeakers inside this toy are very quiet , and do n't squeak for very long , but I consider this a plus . I personally would prefer that they not have squeakers in them at all.I 've tried the Large version of this toy , but it 's too big for my Border Collie to catch -LRB- and chew -RRB- comfortably . I 've also tried the version with the strap on it - the strap is not a good idea , in my opinion -LRB- the strap is chewed on , instead of the toy -RRB- . UPDATE - A Jack Russell Terrier was recently added to our family . Her sharp little teeth can make quick work of tearing up one of these toys -LRB- she loves to chew the corners off -RRB- . This in no way changes my 5-star rating - we simply make sure to keep the toy away from her ...
 Our two herding dogs are young vigorous chewers . Most toys sold as `` tough '' last less than an hour before they reach a state where we have to take them away . They frayed all four corners of the Fire Hose in the first hour , and will eventually destroy it , but it 's held up better than most , has n't given off large chunks to swallow -LRB- unlike many rubberoid toys -RRB- , and having lost some of its novelty for chewing it 's now being treated mainly as a carry and play-invitation toy.With stronger seams the Fire Hose might join the very short list of almost indestructible toys like Holee Molee . Kyjen 's Fire Hose Flyer may be in that list already , since it has no exposed seam .
 Our 5 month old Chocolate Lab puppy/Australian Kelpie mix LOVES this toy . Shes played with it for days now and so far she has n't destroyed it . That being said , we also provide LOTS of rawhides and chewtoys for her to teethe on so this new toy is n't the only thing she plays with and could therefore extend the life of the toy . Its tough yet soft enough that she can `` mouth '' it with her sore gums . I would not recommend this toy for dogs with nothing else to chew on and those dogs who are high energy because it will not last . But for 7 $ , it keeps her occupied and she leaves my furniture alone .
 Great product . My dog had this toy before , and loved it until she eventually pulled it apart . It lasted longer than any other toy I have ever gotten for her . It is incerdibly durable , being that it is made from real fire hose material , so I decided to order her a new one . My dog is a husky mix , weighs about 50-60 lbs and she is an avid chewer .
 I have a 100 + pound dog who goes through chew toys faster than I can buy them . This toy has lasted over 6 months and she spends time `` working '' on it every day . This has kept her attention and saved me lots of money that would have been spent on at least 20 new toys .
 I bought the Firehose toy for my Lab as a last resort , as she loves toys but has chewed through even the toughest of the Tuffy Dog Toys . She managed to chew through a corner and get the squeaker out in under 30 minutes BUT that is as far as she went . This toy has lasted longer than any other toy we have purchased for her-and we 've gone through alot of them . It 's a great fetch toy too . I will probably buy another since she dropped this one in the woods somewhere while carrying it around ... got ta love labs .
 I have a lovable , chewy mastiff who can tear into any stuffed toy in seconds , especially if there is a squeaker inside ! But this firehose product , a xmas gift , is still unpunctured nearly a month later ! It 's not very fun or attractive to look at , but my dog is entertained by it to keep trying . She probably has way more fun on her treasure hunts for squeakers and pulling all the stuffing out , but this is a tough one .
 I went through toy , after toy , after toy , until I found this one . I adopted a cairn terrier/mini poodle mix , who had been born at the pound . She was 12 weeks and a nervous little thing ! , I thought she could chew through an anvil ! I had a Cairn before and new they were voracious chewers and diggers , but , Crickett is small , so I underestimated her!For those who had bad luck , with this toy , because an over achieving chewer destroyed it , go up at LEAST ONE SIZE LARGER than what you think your dog actually needs . I got a medium for my little dog , and she chess on it everyday , carries it everywhere , we use it playing fetch , etc. . She has had it just over one year , and still plays with it daily . -LRB- She had two , and one gave out , after 10 months , but compared to most of her toys , that are destroyed after 10 days , I ca n't complain . -RRB- . TIP
 I got this toy for my lab mix who loves to chew on his toys we use to play fetch . Thankfully the material for this toy is thick and it is hard for him to get a good grip on it with his teeth so it is easy to get the toy back from him so we can play fetch rather than toss and chew which is usually how he plays . I do n't let him have this toy after we play so I do n't know how it holds up to lots of chewing and I did have to trim some of the threads at the end so he could n't try to pull apart the toy that way . The only downside is that the squeakers are muffled through the thick material but since any type of squeaker motivates my dog it has n't been a problem . For a fetch toy this has held up the longest out of all the ones we have .
 THIS IS NOT A CHEW TOY . The bad reviews on this toy are because people bought it for THE WRONG PURPOSE . This is for interacting WITH your dog , with tug and fetch . It is NOT A CHEW TOY
 This is a garage door wheel with a spike welded into the middle of it . When it arrived the swivel was binding slightly . I used some white lithium spray on it and it has worked great ever since . Been out in the weather for 4 months and still swivels just fine .
 This tie-out stake is flush with the ground , so it is no trouble to mow over . It handles two heavy duty tie-outs easily .
 After I apply the Rid-Ich , the water immediately turned blue . The fishes look very uncomfortable at first , and surely enough the sickest fish died next day . But after a few more days Ich is gone . The medication is very strong , when I accidentally got some of it on my hand the stain seem to be permanent.It also kills other fungi , which is a good bonus . I had some fish with another fungus infection that rots their fin , and Rid-Ich got rid of those too . Good product but may kill weak fish .
 After months of bad advice from people at pet stores , the condition of my beta was so advanced I was scared the rid ich would n't be shipped in time to save him . Rid Ich works ! Just make sure that you do not over-medicate your fish and that you have time to observe him after each doseage .
 I currently have a 125 gallon aquarium with about 45 different types of Loaches , which if you do n't know are incredibly susceptible to Ich . I had grown tired of using other ich treatments as they were always to strong to use on my loach species being that they are `` scaleless '' fish and can not handle normal ich treatments and also can not handle large amounts of salt . It was paramount to find a treatment that I could use at full strength without worrying about killing my loaches . After researching I saw Kordon come up repeatedly as a preferred treatment for many fish keepers . So I went to order Kordon Ich Plus right away . At the time I received the treatment my Clown Loaches in a month long battle with a terrible ich outbreak . So I poured in the recommended amount on the bottle , with the temperature at 84F , and a 75 % water change my Clown Loaches were showing no signs of ich anymore . After a month of using the treatment I was ensured that all ich was eliminated from my tank . Since then whenever I introduce a new young fish into my tank I add Kordon Ich Plus to my water as insurance to make sure my tank will not become infected . I give this product five stars because it cures ich speedily and without harmful effects to my fish . Since I used this product I also have not had another outbreak of ich . So I can say that I 'm very happy with this purchase .
 When I do a water change sometimes it stirs up the gravel bed and the fish muck . It has been my practice for years to use this product at half strength in such cases . It seems to prevent shock and parasitical or fungal problems in that environment.I also suggest if you have silver colored fish to go half strength . IE , Silver Dollars , Tinfoil Barbs , etc. . Silver colored fish seem to be more sensitive to this product.I use this at the first signs of stress or disease in the tank . Follow with a water change and another treatment for best results . I rarely have to do this more than twice . For what it is worth my fish are going on seven years of age . This product has been my first line of defense and really works .
 A 7-day course of this stuff definitely got rid of the ich . The betta fish tolerated it well - if it bothered them , they didnt show it.However , I 'm guessing it killed my two ottos . The warning says that scaleless fish could be susceptible to treatment - they were right .
 This really worked well and did n't harm my five clown loaches and five plecos . I like it so much I am keeping some on hand just in case .
 I have 5 cats , of whom 4 live inside and 1 is outside . It is quite difficult to find one food that appeals to this myriad of tastes . Seems like someone has a `` no thank you , '' `` are you kidding me '' , `` not on your life ' '' or a plain `` yeech ! '' on any choice i see that looks just delightful.But no , I am the human Momcat and my tastes are just not the same of those as the princes and princesses in my care.But Merrick Grammys Pot Pie Cat Food has hit the rare airy quality of being one of the few foods that is eaten by everyone , all the time , each time it is served . That is a heady rating . There are only a couple of other foods which have reached that level at our house . One is the White Meat and Chicken by Pro Plan.Pro Plan White Meat Chicken & Vegetable Entree Adult Canned Cat Food in GravyThe second is Salmon and Chicken by TikiTiki Cat Consomme , 8-Pack , 6-Ounce Can , Napili Luau Wild Salmon and Chicken in ChickenThe Third is Tilapia by Fancy Feast.Fancy Feast Appetizers for Cats , Steamed Tilapia , 2-Ounce Tubs -LRB- Pack of 10 -RRB- . So of all the cat foods I buy , only four are always eaten , by everyone , all the time and Grammys pot pie is one of them . SO the kitters have asked me to try some other flavor by Merrick . I will try , for their sake ... for them anything ... but I doubt a raging success . Some things always look great at the start , but then do not make it to the `` all the time , every time , every one '' category.But , my guys give this 5 stars and say `` thank you '' for reading what we think
 This is one of the only good foods my cats will eat -LRB- sure they 'll eat the cheap stuff but thats like feeding your kids Doritos and Twinkies for dinner -RRB- . My cats approve !
 My cats -LRB- who are different in almost every way -RRB- totally agree on this food - its healthy so i dont feel guilty spoiling them , they slurp all the juices , nom all the real meat , chomp the nuggets and veggies and lick their lips forever after ! I am a huge fan of all Merrick foods but the Pot Pie , Turducken , Thanksgiving Dinner , and California Roll are my cats ' favorites !
 I do n't believe there is enough carbon inside the mesh bag , As all my levels are perfect , however the water is not crystal clear like the last one I had ordered . Quality control perhaps ? Who knows . I 'm considering adding extra carbon to it to see if it does the trick & report back .
 I have purchased this product in the past and works very well for me . The price is a little better then your local pet store . I recommend using the aqua Clear activated carbon filters .
 My local stores run out of these a lot and sometimes I ca n't find one when I need it . They also tend to cost a lot more than they do here . If you have a Prime membership save yourself some money and buy them from Amazon !
 ORDERED THIS CARBON FOR MY AQUACLEAR 110 GALLON FILTER . IT CAME ON TIME AND THIS CARBON ALWAYS WORKS GREAT AT KEEPING MY TANK CLEAN , AND MY FISH HEALTHY !
 replacement media for a good filter i would buy another and probably will in a few months . can also be used as a prefilter by cutting a hole in the sponge .
 My fish tank is clean and no longer smells bad . It is also clearer . This 3 filter system is the best .
 these are ok for a smaller filter - it works but really doesnt fit my filter for my 20 gallon tank - but i am making them work .
 the filter works great and fits perfect in the chamber ... . very porous which is essential for the growth of bacteria
 Both my husband and I were very pleasantly surprised by the product . It 's solidly built of wood , covered with nice carpet , and comes all the way up to our bed , which is pretty high off the ground . It also was n't hard to train our dog to use it .
 These pet stairs were exactly what i wanted . My pets love them and use them every day .
 Since buying this product and other products needed for my 55 gallon fish tank , I 've have n't the need to clean my fish tank every two weeks . This is a must have for your filter to keep the tank clean .
 This foam worked great . I used it in helping cycle a tank and I have 0 complaints . It held the beneficial bacteria just PERFECT !
 My items arrived on time and as always with aquaclear filters great as ever , i would very highly recomend these filters to anybody looking for a great filter at a very reasonable price ... great service and shipping from amazon
 Hard food stays fresh as they eat it all daily leaving no time for the food to become stale . Cute little dish .
 We have 8 cats , and one of them is 12 years old and has always been so picky about what she eats . I ordered some of this cat food , and she LOVES it ! She will eat every bite I give her and beg for more ! So we finally found something Dolly likes !!!
 Goodness , my three pups just love these snacks ! They are nutritious and according to Dolly , Marty and Buffy , they are delicious !
 Perfect . I did n't realize that the handle is covered in a soft , clear plastic , but now that we 've had it a while , I 'm glad it 's got this cover otherwise , the handle would be pretty grody by now.Great product !
 I bought this training leash for my 2 year old Shepherd who is still a challenge to walk . I 've found that it 's hard to find short leashes in pet stores and this was the best one I found online . This leash has made a huge difference .
 This leash works great for when I need to walk my 70 lbs dog but do not want him to have a lot of line . We have many animals in the neighborhood and this help me keep my dog close .
 La correa es excelente . Es ideal para entrenar a mi Labrador y adem&aacute;s no me lastima las manos , ya que el agarrador est&aacute; protegido por pl&aacute;stico
 this is a good product that made my tank crystal clear within hours of replacing the filter , carbon , and biomax .
 I like the pouch the carbon comes in and the easy sizing -LRB- for your tank -RRB- written large on the front of the box - this is a no brainer for me to select the right product every time or even have someone pick it up for me .
 be aware when buying this it is only 1 carbon pack . i thought it was 3 , i did not pay attention . other than that the product was fine .
 Product is made in the USA , all human consumption , no grains , kitties love it , and FREE SHIPPING IS AWESOME !
 My five picky cats really like various flavors of Merrick 's canned food . There are several flavors of fish , along with beef , chicken , turkey and duck . I gave only four stars instead of five though , because the picture is misleading here . This is n't really as good a deal as it looks because these are tiny cans . I was ordering several cases of cat food and not paying enough attention to weight .
 It is very good and wholesome , unfortunately , it has flaxseed oil and my cat is highly allergic to it . It makes her very itchy :-LRB- therefore I had to take her off of it . Sadly there are n't many choices of wholesome foods that do n't have flaxseed or flaxseed oil .
 Fun thing for the holidays , but also they like it and it seems to be good for them ! I am happy with it .
 Got these great bins on the 3-for-4 deal , and MAN I love them . They keep the food fresh , it 's so easy to see when you need to order more , and they are really aesthetically pleasing . I love that you can pour from the smaller door , or open the whole lid , and when you open the lid all the way , it folds back completely flat against the back of the bin , instead of only opening 120 degrees or something and stressing the hinges . I keep 20 lbs of bird food , 2 26 lb bags of litter and 20 lbs of rabbit food in these , and they are just perfect .
 I go through a lot of dog food with the dog rescue . I was having issues with the dogs opening the bags or bugs in the food . They 're easy to fill , even when stacked & sturdy enough to handle 50 lbs in the top bin .
 I love these because they are tall and slim -LRB- instead of short and squat -RRB- , thereby taking up less room but STILL holding an entire 20 lb bag of cat food , AND because they are smokey instead of white -LRB- thereby blending into the room better - not so `` glaring '' -RRB- . Be careful though - my cats figure out how to `` flip open the smaller access hatch '' within about 2 minutes . Thankfully there are also side locks -LRB- entire lid is also on a hinge -RRB- the cats can not open without opposable thumbs , so we 're still good -LRB- had to tape down the smaller flip lids -RRB- . Very nice alternative to `` uglier '' less convenient food storage containers . You can also get as SOME Pet Supplies Plus for about the same price as Amazon .
 the pet food stays fresh and I do n't have to worry about mice due to open food bags . The containers stack nicely and are well built . I bought 3 , one each for Dog , Cat & Rabbit food . One was damaged in shipping and Amazon Refunded the money right away and I bought another to replace the damaged one .
 This is a great container for my cats food . It seals perfectly and is slim so it fits nicely between things and does n't take up a lot of space . It 's also a very good price for a container this size .
 I can store an entire 55lb bag of grains in it and since its airtight and has the little easy access lid it works great .
 I just got this today and it is sturdy and well made . I immediately ordered another one . Now I have one for cat food and one for dog food . I ca n't wait to get rid of the ugly food bags in the corner and to keep my pets food nice and fresh .
 I bought the 22-lb storage container for my dogs food and it seems to be working very well . It fits nicely into my pantry because its very narrow . I like the size because , even though it is airtight , it limits the amount of food i put in it that could possibly go stale . Lid snaps on shut and is super convenient .
 I love this storage container ! Its slim design fits well in my laundry room between the washing machine & the wall . I can easily slide it in & out to pour food in my dogs bowl . It keeps my 20lb bag fresh for the entire time ! I would recommend to a friend for sure !!
 excellent storage - using it to store bird seed - has pouring spout & tight fitting lid to keep bird seed fresh - perfect size
 Easy to move and stack and keeps food fresh . Good buy for the money .
 Please note that this was not a recent purchase . I purchased this product about 4 years ago . Mine has sealed well and there has never had a problem with the food in it going stale . This has been the most convenient dog food container I 've used to date - easy to put the food in by lifting the larger lid -LRB- which is basically the entire top -RRB- , and easy to open the smaller lid to scoop out a single serving . It has cleaned well and withstood drastic temperature changes and flooding in my basement.The reason I 'm coming back now to write a review is not only because its been a great product , but mostly because of the excellent customer service from the Bergan company . After many years of multiple daily uses , the tab on the smaller lid broke off when it was yanked -LRB- completely my fault . -RRB- Not wanting to dump more plastic into the environment , I immediately went looking for a replacement lid . When I looked and saw the same container was still manufactured , I left a note for the company on their website and asked about purchasing a replacement for the smaller lid . The company replied indicating that replacement had been processed.Today in the mail I received not 1 - but 2 - replacement lids . No charge . Wow . I 'm a customer for life .
 GREAT HOLDER THAT I PURCHASED I DID NOT BUY FOR DOG FOOD BUT BOUGHT FOR FLOUR THAT I USE FOR BAKING
 This thing is attractive , big enough to hold a full bag of dog food and easy to clean between change-ups . LOVE IT !!!!
 THis bin is larger than I estimated . The description is not `` inflated '' at all . I thought I 'd need 2 but this 1 holds 42 lbs . of kibble all 3 in their original bags with a little space to spare.The seals and flaps work easily for me & I have some physical challenges .
 Great bin . It 's has plenty of room but not as bulky as I thought it would be . Also has rubber seals on both openings . The small opening is actually bigger than expected . No troubles with using a 2-cup scooper . Seems sturdy to stack since the plastic is hard and thick with solid construction . But , I 'm not stacking it so I could not really confirm .
 Solid , container perfect for feed or pet food . Did n't realize how big it was going to be . I would recommend .
 We bought one of these a long time ago for dog food , and just bought a second for the cat food . Still just as happy with the first , five years after purchase . Great product ; very sturdy and keeps food fresh .
 I just got two of these today , so I will update more after they get some use . I think they are a nice color for dog food bins and they seem to open easy enough for me to get in , but hopefully the dogs wo n't be able to open them . I think if I latch them properly that should n't be a problem . I am getting them because my seven month old puppy has figured out how to get into my other storage container , so I will report back if he figures it out.My only concern is that these are really large bins . The measurements are in the description , and I read that , but I recommend that you get a box or something with those measurements if you intend for this storage to be in the open in your home or if you will be putting them in a closet with limited space . They are much bigger than I realized . I think they will hold the full bags of dog food and seem to stack pretty well . Overall these were what I needed , but they are a bit bigger than I pictured in my head !
 It 's a nice bin . It fits all of our 46lbs of dog food . The reason I gave it 4 out of 5 stars is because I 'm not so sure how air tight it is . My husband says the lid is too flimsy . I do n't reacommend getting it at Amazon . You might have to pay a little more at petco or petsmart -LRB- ca n't remember each place carrier this item -RRB- ... it was the same price but shipping and handle made it more . Amazon clearly sent me a damage bin because the box was not damage but the lid on my bin was cracked and the lid wo n't line up with the bin . I called Bergan and they fixed me up with replacements I needed . I 'm not buying anything from Amazon anymore unless I ca n't find something I really need any where else . Every CD I have bought from Amazon the cases are cracked or so damaged it wo n't stay closed and again the boxes are not damaged . I have to buy cases to replace them . I rather order from Walmart .
 This is a beautiful color storage container . It is a soft teal color . The lid is easy to work with one hand and it keeps the smell of the dog food in .
 This is the one container that none of the pests could get into . Even the mice or rats could not chew through the walls to get to the food .
 I bought 2 of these in hopes they would be a good storage for my dog 's food . First I own an English bull mastiff for those who are n't familiar withe the breed they range like a small horse 200-350lbs . That said keep in mind their food is large so for me it holds about 40lbs successfully and because the food is heavy and large chunks it 's some work to seal . It does as well as you can expect the heavier the item the harder to get a closure on it but all in all a good fit . Space wise they stack beautifully and are clean looking so to keep out bugs they do well and look like any other storage unit . I found the smaller opening to be large enough to use the extra large scoop/cup to get her food without any issue .
 I love this . Works great . Keeps the food fresh and out of the way and easy to access . Thanks for a high quality , easy to use product !!
 I have two and use one for flour and one for sugar.If you need small amount of product you can use the small lid or if you need to get a larger container of flour or sugar I use the large lid to get the product .
 This is a sturdy , well-designed container that holds the entire contents of a large bag of cat food while taking up a minimum amount of floor space . I wish the opening were a little bigger , but the narrow design probably makes that impossible . I use a small cup and have small hands , so it works for me .
 If you have a cockatiel who loves to chew your home apart , this is the perfect toy for you ! Each 1 '' ball is the perfect size for playing hide and go seek , pulling out of small spaces -LRB- my bird loves to pull it out of a 4 '' Jack O Latern cup intended for candy -RRB- , and for throwing around . It 's the perfect size for a small to medium sized bird . The vine is very entertaining . My tiels love to chew the plaster off the walls and hate bird toys -- but will play with these balls for HOURS . That 's never happened with these birds before!Use this ball in interactive games , especially when your cockatiel chews something you do n't want chewed , and you will find your bird more interested in the ball than destroying your home!I 'm very pleasantly suprised how much my birds love this toy ! I am sure yours will too -- especially if you have cockatiels ! Buy lots of these -- they are the perfect toy !
 My Cockatiel who loves toys found these enjoyable . Whether I gave them to her as just a foot toy , or pulled it apart and hung it . A multi-purpose toy - she liked to roll them around , tear off pieces to carry with her , and hold them down with her foot so she could tear them apart . Sure , they 're easy to destroy -LRB- which she finds very enjoyable -RRB- but they 're sturdier than they seem -LRB- if they were too easy she 'd just ignore them -RRB- . These are way to small for a lager bird as they could crunch them in seconds , but for small birds it is a fast way to keep them amused . They 're small and it 's easy to carry one or two with me in case she finds something to chew on that 's forbidden .
 Super Bird Creations Munch Ball Mini Bird ToyI did n't expect these to be as small as they are , however my green cheek conure loves to toss them around . Have not seen him chewing on them like he does the larger grapevine ball . To give you a better idea of size , the set seems to range from nickel to quarter size in diameter . Unlike the picture , the balls are colored . My set has
 This is a great planter for planting water plants in small ponds and fountains . Keeps the silt in and easy to shape to fit tight places .
 I was looking for an alternative to storing horse feed in trash cans . The trash cans take up a lot of floor space and my horses have figured out how to open the top , -LRB- everything in my barn has to be either locked or chained shut -RRB- . I purchased 3 units and am very pleased with them . My wife was a bit skeptical but immediately approved once I had everything moved around . What once took 10 square feet of floor space now fits in a 4 ft x 1.5 ft space on a shelf allowing storage under and over . The overall appearance looks a lot neater and more organized . A friend of mine has used this type of unit for over 10 years and they are as good today as when they were purchased .
 Works really well for food storage . I use a small bowl , I leave it in side for a food scoop . One for the dog on the bottom and one for the cat on top of that . Good stuff !
 Looked at a bunch of food containers at local Pet Stores.All were decent.But I like these because they are big enough to hold a lot of food and seem very sturdy even when stacked.Love my set.I would buy them all over again - and these prices at Amazon are fantastic
 I used the bins in my horse barn and have been very pleased with their performance . I found that they worked better for me if I put them with the door facing up and I did n't stack them . They can be difficult to fill especially with 50 pounds of feed but with the doors up , they are much easier . . I have owned them for a year and they have held up .
 These are perfect bins for storing feed for my chickens . I bought four originally , and just purchased four more to use in our new barn . Doors snap closed tight , and bins stack very nicely . They are made of heavy plastic that should last forever .
 I have been using Animal Natural products for years . I 've settled on this one because it gives my older dogs zip and my younger ones endurance.I now have one in chemotherapy and her vets say she is in great condition considering her medical issues .
 I definitely notice a difference in water clarity after I put these in my 75 gallon tank - it is much improved . Be sure to rinse these first though as they have alot of dust you do n't want in your tank . They do n't last too long - I change mine out monthly but the cost versus gain is good . My ammonia and nitrate/nitrite levels stay lower and more stable .
 If only this little spoiled brat was able to type reviews with her scrumptious paws ... she would tell you that her expectations were exceeded ... and she is definitely used to only top-of-the-line food ... but yeah ... She still does n't show any affection or gratitude for that ... However , I can hear all the way in the other room her desperately trying to lick her bowl clean ... and she still have n't gotten a job to pay for it ... oh well , she is the queen of the house .
 I have two cats , one who eats wet food as a last resort -LRB- mostly she licks up the gravy -RRB- , and one who has food allergies -LRB- grains -RRB- and is incredibly picky -LRB- wo n't eat any grain free cat treats i 've found so far -- greenies , the tasty junk food ones , wellness cat jerky bits , shaved salmon , etc -- does n't like catnip , and turns his nose up at anything that costs less than $ 1.29 a can it seems , to include spots stew ; authority ; organix ; most flavors of avo-derm , holistic select , and innova ; max cat ; and natural choice -RRB- . she still licks up the gravy , and eats about half her bowl . He eats his portion and finishes hers , with no vomiting or retching -LRB- so nice ! -RRB- . He also wakes me up in the morning if it 's breakfast time and i have n't gotten the memo yet , and looks at me like i just kicked his grandma cat when i 've run out.this has quite a bit of juice in it , which is good since most cats do n't drink enough water anyway.as for me , i love this food b/c it does n't smell to high heaven , and i have n't died from litterbox duty as of yet . ;-RRB- -LRB- get it ? duty -- dooty ? hehe -RRB-
 This food looks just like something you would make for your pet at a Thanksgiving day dinner ! I was impressed with it when I opened the can , and my cats were when they ate it . It contains nice size pieces of shredded turkey ... not too big , making it easy for my kitties to eat . They have gotten the Tiki cat chicken before and the long stringy pieces in that kept them busy for a little bit and they seemed kind of tough even for me when I would try to break them up . Not this , I just spooned it into their bowls and they took over from there . There is liquid around the sides of the food in the center , but the meat/vege mix in the middle is well packed . I did n't feel like I was getting more liquid than food , like Halo foods so I was happy about that as well . Plus , through amazon , this is a great price for this quality food .
 These are a good value , and were shipped promptly . Our bird loves them , she 's already destroyed one of the rings with a whole lot of joy .
 These are a quick way to keep my little Cockatiel busy . They take her a while to destroy because of their size even though they 're great for shredding . It 's nice to just hang them on her perches , add them to toys , or just give one to her -LRB- although it 's too big for her to manipulate -RRB- . for those of you who have bigger beaks that can destroy the mini munch balls in one crunch , these can longer lasting if you add a few to their toys .
 Our little dog eats canned food . This bin was purchased for use as a charcoal dispenser . It 's water tight and weather proof .
 I really like these for dog food . The only thing I do n't like is trying to get the dog food into the container but that has nothing to do with the quality of the dispenser . I had bought one and installed it in the back hall , then I moved so I bought another . Very convenient but I wish it held 50 lbs because that the size the bags are .
 A little smaller than I thought . Took advice from another reviewer and added a wood bar inside to give additional support . That was far from an easy task , but now it is nicely supported in our garage .
 works awesome . size and capacity works excellent for my 70 # dog . i did add a piece of metal on the inside to the top mount to avoid a problem that people mentioned after 10yrs of use .
 Bought first one several months ago for dog food . It worked so well that I bought a second on for my alpaca food in the barn . Grest value and the cheapest place to buy was amazon.com . As for the way it is mounted I did beef it up with a piece of 3/4 inch wood dont know if I had to , just being sure it would hold . The plastic seemed like it might not hold up as I keep them full . Dont hesitate to buy . As I need more I will be buying more .
 I bought two of these about 2 years ago for my dog and cat food . They 've held up perfectly . I keep them in the basement and they are still in brand new condition . Easy dispensing and holds a huge bag of food .
 Our small house dictates we maximize storage , and using the walls of our mud room efficiently was a natural consequence of living `` smaller . '' This wall mounted dispenser is perfect for our `` downsized '' life - we purchased -LRB- 3 -RRB- that dispense larger dog kibble , smaller dog kibble , and cat food . No more bags of food on the floor ! They are sturdy , and we hung them using a cleat . 40 pounds of dog food easily fits in the dispensers . One thing that would be nice is a small , clear plastic window near the bottom of the dispenser so that you can keep tabs on how much is left !
 This dispenser holds a full bag of dog food and keeps my garage organized . I also like how it dumps from the bottom so the older food is served first and the new food is poured on top . This keeps my dog 's food continually fresh as opposed to buckets where you are always scooping from the top and the bottom food can get stale .
 this is the second one we purchased . The first one was about 15 years ago . They last forever and are really great for bird seed and dog food .
 I 'm really happy with this product . I 'm using it to dispense rock salt for my driveway during this crazy winter season . Prior to installing it , I 'd been keeping the salt in the original bags and frequently made a mess when trying to pour it into my handheld spreader . Now it 's super easy and quick to pouring exactly the amount I need with zero waste . It also keeps the salt high and dry in my garage . It easily holds two 40lb bags of ice melt with no problem . Time will tell how robust it is , but it 's looking good and makes me smile everytime I use it . As a precaution , I followed the advice of other reviewers and used large metal washers to spread the mounting load more evenly over the thin plastic .
 We purchased this wall-mount food container because our dogs were occasionally `` breaking in '' to the closet where food was stored and over-eating . The dispenser is now mounted on the wall in our garage and we LOVE it . The only issue we had was that the screw holds on the unit itself are n't spaced for stud-mounting , so we had to use a couple of 2x4 's to get it mounted so the wall could handle the weight . Beyond that it works great !
 Just a quick note on this product . Seems durable enough . Is easy to mount following directions and comes with a template on the box . Poured a 40lb bag of dog food in it and there was no problem . The handle stays closed on mine also with no problems . The handle can catch a bit when closing on food falling out . However that is the nature of gravity . When I mounted the item I used my stud finder and mounted the center screw on the stud like the directions say . I can see why people would put a reinforcement strip in it . That is why I took off one star . Seems sturdy enough but a small reinforcement piece on the top and it should be good for years . Why not just include one ? Other than that I feel it is a great product and is exactly what I was looking for .
 EASY ! Wish I would have bought one of these a long time ago . I mounted mine with a wood cleat inside to make sure it was sturdy . I use small kibble dog food so sometimes pieces will get stuck where the food dispenses so I will open and close it a time or two to clear it out . I weigh my dogs food to make sure they get the same amount each time , I dispense into their bowls first so it works good enough to be pretty accurate about that . I can add a tiny bit more or just put the extra back in the top . Keeps food fresh by dispensing the old food first , plus no more crumbs and dust in the bottom of a container or dog food bag . The plastic is a bit thin but it doesnt have to be built like a tank just to hang on the wall ! Wood cleat , toggle bolts thru the wall -- easy , great !
 This was actually advertised as a Rabbit Food/Pellet Dispenser , but we decided to attempt to utilize it for a different use . And , let me tell you , it works great as a wood pellet dispenser . Our family installed a wood pellet stove in our home and we were trying to figure out the easiest method for me to refill the pellet stove when no one else was around . I have rheumatoid arthritis and have difficulty sometimes lifting items that are a bit on the heavier end of the spectrum . The Bergan Wall Mounted Dispenser holds an entire bag of the wood pellets and we keep a small bucket beside it . When it 's time to refill the stove , we just fill the bucket from the dispenser and from there to the stove . WORKS GREAT !
 Light weight and easy to mount . If only it had a clear strip to monitor the content so that we know when to buy more food . Having a bag standing by sort of defeats the purpose . I may drill a small hole in it and cover it from the inside with clear plastic to accomplish this . A very simple engineering fix that I 'm surprised the maker did n't think of .
 This was purchased as a second feeder since we have one of these already from many years ago and now have to feed our dogs two different kinds of food!This one is much thinner than the original one we purchased , but looks as if it will hold up OK.We did , however , choose to reinforce the mounting holes with large washers since the weight of the food tends to rip the plastic in this area.If we had done this with our old one when we first mounted it on the wall and not waited for it to tear , it would still be in great condition.For the price , I think this new one should be fine .
 Works great , very nice , wish it was just a little bigger so I could get 50 lbs . of sunflower seeds in for the birds . It was the only one I could find . I am very satisfied , light but well made .
 Decently made product . It does the job it is intended for . Excellent for my application of holding a large breed dog 's food in a neat and easily accessible fashion . My only caution is the somewhat optimistic storage claims . A 37 lb bag of Purina Pro barely fits .
 Would 've loved if it were twice as big - Nevertheless , does what I wanted it to do -LRB- get the dogfood off the floor and in a plastic , sealed container -RRB- Field mice had found my old container -LRB- commercial bin , cardboard -RRB- and found their way in -LRB- before they found my mousetrap -RRB- .
 Perfect !!!! Hangs on the wall , no fuss ! Most convenient way to get to dog food ! Off the floor , out of the way , and just a touch of the handle and you get as little or as much as you need . I would definitely recommend this to anyone with cat or dogs !!!
 Hmm , from the sound of some of the more recent reviews , this product has gone down in quality - like so many other things for sale . Products continue to be made with cheaper materials and less of it - making them prone to breaking / not working properly / not lasting a reasonable amount of time through normal use . We got ours about 8 years ago and it is great ... handle is strong , stays closed on its own , shows no signs of wear and tear . However , agree with some other reviewers - the shoot is a bit large - we have had plenty of spills / overflows because of the wide mouth on the dispenser . We had to modify our dispenser - not because of design or flaws - but because of some smart cats - a couple would pull on the handle while others below waited for the mother load to arrive -- and it did on more than one occasion . Then there is Fiyero -LRB- another cat -RRB- who quickly figured out how to lift the lid and dive right in to heaven ... so we put a bungie cord on - sort of hooked from the top and down to the handle - so the cats are n't able to ` serve their own ' !
 If I were in the dog-food dispenser business I would make mine a bit sturdier , have an option for top opening R or L , a larger translucent or clear bar to see remaining amount of food and a measured amount delivered per handle-lift . But for this price it seems to do the job . Installation was pretty easy but I did n't find the drill template until I was done - it 's printed on the box itself .
 Works great ! Sure beats bending over to get food every time I feed the dogs . Easy to mount and refill .
 We 've had 2 of these over the last 9 years for our 3 labradors -LRB- the first one we accidentally broke , not the fault of the product -RRB- , and have had no problems . Very easy to mount , will hold a very large bag of food -LRB- I think we get the 40 lb . bags -RRB- , food is easy to get out , and the little door stays closed with no issues .
 Began providing the Wall Mounted Dispenser is the only company that would send the item to Hawaii -LRB- free -RRB- where I reside . I tried locating any similar items here and all the pet stores would say the same thing ... . no one wants to send these items here . This company 's service is much appreciated and the item works well , and makes feeding time very convenient . They 've got a dedicated customer . Thanks .
 Mounted this in our garage , for salt de-icer in the winter.Looks good to me , but have n't actually used it yet .
 I just purchased this as a replacement for an identical bin that was hanging on our laundry room wall for the past 10 years . I noticed that the old one appeared to be ` coming away ' from the wall , and when I took a closer look , it turns out that the plastic itself had become brittle and was literally ripping . The screws were holding tight , but the bin itself was tearing away from the wall.If this had occurred after a year or two , I 'd give this product just one or two stars , but in light of the fact that it 's given us 10 years of storing close to 40 pounds of dog food in a convenient manner , it rates the full 5-stars in my book.One thing that I did differently this time involves the mounting . The bin attaches to the wall using four screws -LRB- three along the top edge , one lower and at the center of the bin . -RRB- Our old bin was mounted with screws and washers to distribute the weight a little further.This time however , I placed a wooden bar INSIDE the bin and drove the screws through it . -LRB- I 've posted a couple of product photos ... one of which shows this bar . -RRB- I 'm hoping that this will really help to distribute the weight so that if the plastic gets brittle again , it wo n't rip after 10 years like the last one did ! - Jonathan Sabin
 The wall mount dispenser arrived intact and complete . It was not difficult to mount with the screws that came with it . Mechanism works well . I have one that is 10 years old and still working well .
 It actually holds 40 lbs . of dog food . It was easy to install and the price was right .
 Perfect size for large dog food bags . Operates well . Only improvement that could be done is to make it better looking . Plastic is n't an elegrant material , but it functions very well .
 Unit works perfectly for the cat food I wished to contain instead of all of the spillage from the open large bag . The plastic is a little thin , so I took the advice of another reviewer and put a small strip of wood across the inside to support the unit a little better than just the thin plastic . I am very happy with the unit.UPDATE - 2years later and the unit has been excellent !!! I would definitely recommend this unit !
 This is second my unit . I had one for cat food , and purchased this one for dog food . I love the ease of use and being able to keep the food neat and clean .
 I bought this pet bowl for our cat to hopefully solve our persistent ant issue . It seemed like virtually every day there were ants in and outside of her bowl and she refused to eat her food . Thankfully , I bought this pet bowl and find it exactly what we needed . It is a bit large for our cat , but dimensions are specifically described in the description . Ants seem to stay away from water , so it is no longer a problem ! Would certainly recommend !
 This bowl is wonderful for feeding groups of outside cats - ants and insects do not get in . I use both sides for food and give them a separate water bowl so can really put a lot of food in in places where there are lots of cats to feed . I do not find it too big - a hungry kitten can get to the food with no problem even if they practically climb into the food section . Easy to clean - just pour out the water in the trough and use paper tiles to wipe ti off .
 I was throwing away a lot of food meant for the outside cats because of ants getting there before the animals . Yes , this is very large , but who cares ? We 're getting a great product for our money and the animals get to eat fresh , bugless food . Thanks for this great product .
 Wow . This thing really is big . And the box it comes in is relatively enormous . The photo on label on the dish shows a Great Dane or Dalmatian dog using the bowls . But Do Not let that discourage you . It also works like a champ , and you ca n't beat the price ! I bought this for my cat . His wet food and my kitchen floor would be covered in ants less than 1/2 hour after I put it out and we lost a lot of food that way . And I hate ants . I got this and it 's exactly the color in the photo . It 's big - but I just put his current food bowls in the molded bowls , and they fit perfectly , one for wet and one for dry food . It 's also easier to keep clean that way . I put a mix of water and dishwashing soap in the moat and I have n't seen any successful ants . The cat can reach the food just fine - it 's big , but not terribly deep . Note that this might be a bit hard for kittens to eat from . I would totally buy this again and again . Also , I waited until my cat was hungry then fed him in it - his choices were to either eat from the big bowl/water/moat-with-soap thing or starve . Needless to say , at 13 pounds , he 's not the type to be looking for a diet .
 The bowl is very big which is good for my two smaller dogs . Why ? Because Moxy likes to take the bowl way out in the yard and chew on it . She is not able to get a grip on this unless she finds a way to turn it over . I only gave it a 4 star because I ca n't get her to stop drinking the soap water that is placed around the outside to keep the ants out . I am thinking I will try squirting some lemon juice -LRB- or a lot -RRB- in there and maybe that will stop her . Any suggestions would be appreciated !
 So I got this cause I recently put my cat outside to live . And I did n't want her to have to deal with bug 's in her food.As a lot of the other reviews , the bowl is BIG ! I had read all the reviews , and I was still shocked at how big it was.I put the soap and water like the directions said to keep the ants out , but I also added salt to keep the slug 's out too . It 's also working for those too.Overall it 's a good deal .
 While I have to agree with many reviewers who commented on the large size of the bowls -LRB- they really are better suited for dogs -RRB- , in my case they are going to be just fine.I am currently feeding any number of stray cats in my neighborhood and this set - up is working out very well , so far . The bowl is large enough so that I only have to set out food once a day or two , and there is plenty of room for a generous amount of water.Since it 's winter , I ca n't give you a 100 % guarantee on the ant situation . But the fact that it is designed so that you pour water in the narrow moat surrounding the food bowls , satisfies by belief that ants will go to their watery grave before getting to the food as well as giving me a decent trail to follow back to destroy their nest . Most important is that the cats will have clean food and water to enjoy .
 May work great but it 's too big for my 10 # dog . it also takes up quite a bit of floor space in a small kitchen .
 i bought this after finding tons of ants in my 8 month old kittys food dish . it was supposed to be small enough for a cat but as soon as i opened the box i knew it was way too big for my kitty . i went online printed a free return label and re-taped the box and went back online to find a smaller dish and found the our pet 4 '' cat/puppy dish . looking at the customer photos with cats using it im sure it will work well .
 This product works exactly as it claims
 As stated in other reviews , this bowl is a bit bigger than one might expect - great for larger pets . It is ALSO wonderful for small pets as well - just drop in a separate bowl containing water and another with food and you 're good to go . NO ANTS !!!!! Buy this bowl . You 'll be so glad you did !
 This dish is large but really works . I got it for the outdoor Mama cat and her babies . She is fine with it , but it is a challenge for the 10 week old babies . They just stand with thier front two paws in the bowl though and eat . Really works .
 Really good bowl if you want to keep ants out . It is too big for cats like eveybody says , but I put a smaller bowl in the food section of the bowl and it works just fine . Never had a problem with ants since I started using and would recommend this product to others . Very functional , just need to find a place for it . Hope this helps .
 This feeder does what it promises to do
 We had a problem with ants in the cat bowls outside . Not any more . This ant-free bowl does the trick . No more ants . The bowls are large and deep but we have several cats so it 's not a big problem . A smaller version of this would be better suited for families with one or two cats .
 It was larger than I anticipated . Overall , it is a great product , beautifully constructed and works like a charm . I could n't be more pleased with it .
 I have been battling ants for quite some time in my home . No matter what I tried , they 'd always find some way to get into my cat 's food . This product has finally stopped them . It 's really easy ... pour a little dishwashing soap -LRB- I use Ivory -RRB- in the `` moat '' around the 2 bowls , and then add some water . It 's that simple.I agree with the other reviewer who said the product was a bit large for her cat . What I have done is modify things a bit by putting small bowls in either side that always stay there , and then I put my cat 's regular bowls on top of them . That way things are elevated and are easier for my cat to access.It would be great if Bergan made a more cat-friendly product . However , I am THRILLED with my purchase , as this has finally has resolved the problem .
 No matter how hard we tried , we could not keep ants out of the cat food we leave outside . This bowl works perfectly , now we are feeding the cats and not the ants . Highly recommend .
 This product would be great for dogs , however it 's a bit too large for my cats . This was the smallest ant-free pet bowl I could find and I 'm just happy my kitties do n't have ants in their food .
 This feeder holds dry food and water for my 2 cats . I leave dry food available for them at all times . The moat system is a very good idea to keep ants out of the food . I tried to create a version of this on my own , and ran into immediate problems because the cats would move the food bowl to the edge of the `` moat '' allowing the ants to avoid the water . I did n't realize for a couple of days that being unable to remove the bowls from the moat was going to be a problem . I solved it quickly by placing their old bowls into the fixed ones . In a perfect world the unit could be disassembled to clean it . It works and will last for years .
 At 1st I thought this bowl would be too big , but the katz have no problem eating from it . You do have to be careful not to overfill the bowl or the moat with water so the food stays dry and does n't get soggy from overflowing water . I purchased it for the feral colonies where I feed and they are perfect ! I fill the bowl approximately 1/2 full and add about 1/8 '' of water to the moat . Ants -LRB- including fire ants -RRB- were a real problem and now they are no longer climbing into the food . Now the area stays clean and ant free - deinitely a good purchase.J & Katz
 I had tried those so-called ant-proof bowls before this , you know , those with the weird angles and whatever that 's supposed to confuse ants ? Well , they did n't work . This setup , however , is an absolute champ . I have only a single cat so the setup is way too large for her , unless I really want to have a month 's worth of food out at once . In any case , I just bought a couple of Ikea brand 6 '' by 6 '' square bowls -LRB- CHARM&Ouml;R -RRB- and they fit inside the eating area almost too perfectly , so problem solved . Any 6 '' by 6 '' or smaller bowl should work.This Bergan bowl is very sturdy and secure , as it 's quite heavy when filled , and can be flush against a wall , which is nice . It seems to be pretty high quality as well and should last at least a few years . What would be perfect is if they made a version of this that was slightly smaller -LRB- 4 '' by 4 '' should do -RRB- with removable bowls so that you could easily take out and clean . I would definitely buy that in a heartbeat.Still , though , this is the only ant-proof solution that I 've found that works 100 % of the time , so five stars it is . This has easily paid for itself already , with all the food I do not have to chuck and with all the headache it 's prevented .
 This dish , even though a bit large for the cat it feeds , nevertheless works as described by the seller . The first night it was out , the moat collected about 15 waterbugs and 5 grasshoppers . There were no bugs of any kind in the food or water . Our outdoor cat quit eating the food because of the bugs and is back at the bowl and does n't seem to mind all the drowned bugs in the moat . I highly recommend this product for anyone with bug problems .
 This is the first bowl that I have bought that has worked for the ants.I need to clean it more often because the water in itsmells bad .
 This ant free pet bowl works great ! Not one ant has made its way to our cats ' food . It is a little large but we have two big cats so perfect for our needs !
 I had a big ant problem at my previous house . They would cover the cat 's food within minutes . This bowl works great . I just put his dishes inside the squares . You do have to change the water out every couple days . Even now that I am moved and no longer have an ant problem , I still use this dish to contain his food . He tends to be a slob when he eats , dropping food everywhere , and this dish keeps it contained for the most part.It is a bit big . Would work for a big dog too . But I love it , and all I have is a cat .
 Every food dish that I used outdoors for my dog would eventually be covered with ants . Then I discovered this amazing outdoor food and water dish . Clever design keeps ants and other bugs away from your pets food .
 Works great for my sister for her stray kittens and their mother inCalifornia . NO MORE ANTS !!!!! Would highly recommend this .
 I tried baking soda , worked for a few days . But the ants in the country are very persistent . The bowls are deep , and my two cats ca n't eat at the same bowl the same time , but it really works !!!
 The ant free pet bowl is the perfect thing to prevent ants from getting into your pet 's food . Just add a small amount of soapy water and the ants stay away .
 I purchased this item because ants were getting into the cat food . I tried a ` home made ' version , sitting the food bowl in a larger bowl of water - too much trouble . This pet bowl is easy to use and keeps the ants and other bugs out of the food .
 It really does work ! The cats are not turned off by its size . Those ants are smart . If the cat drops a piece of food in the moat and it absorbs water and expands , making a bridge , the ants still come running ! But , it is still a very good product .
 This is a well-designed ant-proof bowl . It has a moat around the two dishes that you fill with water to keep the ants away from the food . However , you ca n't tell the size from the pic . . It is about 18 '' long by 12 '' wide , which is really big ! So , it would probably be most appropriate for a medium or large dog . I wish they had a smaller version of this for cats and small dogs . One of the bowls has three small trenches near the top . This is the water bowl . If it rains or you over-fill it , the excess water will overflow into the moat , instead of into the food bowl . If you are using canned -LRB- wet -RRB- food , I would recommend putting the food in smaller bowls that can be set inside the larger bowls , to make cleanup easier .
 The ant free pet bowl actually works ! It 's very easy to use . My only problem is , as many others have said , it is quite large . I needed it for a cat , not a dog . I just insert my own bowls into the bowls sections , which makes it easy to clean them out and put in fresh food . Even though I was forewarned about the excessive size , I was still a bit surprised by just how big the dish is . Still , it works very well , so it was definitely worth buying .
 This is a great product . I had a serious ant problem and threw away a lot of dry cat food with regular bowls . Now , no ant problem at all . It works just as they claim . I have three outside cats , and the size works well for me . I would definitely recommend it .
 So far , we 're ant free and there 's no doubt with the water moat they 'll be stymied.The only comment I have is people should realize this thing is huge . I did n't pay attention or dig into the details enough to figure out it 's sized for enough for big dogs . Our 10 lb mutt does n't have any real trouble , but she looks pretty silly eating out of a giant dish .
 This design works
 I live in the country and feed 3 cats outside so ants are a problem . The feeders solve the problem nicely , and the cats ca n't turn them over either . I add fresh food as needed and when the water in the `` moat '' evaporates to where it 's mostly gone I just rinse the bowl , dry , and refill . The bowl was larger than I expected , but after using it for awhile I think the size helps maintain the stability of the bowl . The size would also be okay for a small dog . This is a good product .
 I have one cat who only gets half a cup of dry food a day . This is way too big for her.Each side of the dish could easily hold several cups of food . I 'm sure it would keep ants out of the food , but I 'll keep looking for another solution that is n't a dish that 's bigger than my cat.I 've given it to a dog-owner , and she seems happy with it .
 I live in South Florida and occasionally would get swarms of ants in my cats ' bowls . I could n't control the problem so started feeding the cats outside . This product is amazing . We 've been using it for several months and the only ants I see are when the cats drop a morsel near the bowl . I wished I 'd investigated and found this product years ago . I agree w / the other reviews who mentioned the size of the bowl . It is very large and would be nice to see one made to accomodate smaller pets . Having said that , it does exactly what you 're buying it to do ... rid your food bowls of ants .
 My only issue with the bowl is that it is a bit large for cats . I had to place smaller bowls inside to resolve that issue . Its large size , however , is perfect for my cat . When she eats , she flicks her head , causing pieces of food to fly out of the bowl and onto the floor -LRB- which ants can get to -RRB- . Because this bowl is so large , flying food ends up in the moat or around the smaller bowl .
 It really serves its purpose of maintaining cleanliness in the tank . And also removes the odor and the turgidity of the water .
 This is the best Ammonia media i have ever bought and lasts a long time . Simple to use but do n't forget to rinse with water before putting in filter !!!
 My younger brother keeps two fish tanks in his bedroom . His fish needed help and this quality store
 This is a great product . Be sure to buy the one that looks like little pebbles of sand as it work better than the one with larger pieces and usually comes with the product divided into 2 bags .
 I really like this filter product , it has worked great for many of years and I hope I can continue to use it for many more .
 Our cats love their round Scratcher with the ball , I do n't think they would ever let us get rid of it . Ca n't find these replacement pads locally , thank goodness for Amazon . Great deal with the 4 for 3 purchase option ! Shipped fast and all are in great shape !
 If you have a cat this is the best money you can spend ! We bought the cat scratcher and she has never stopped playing with it . When I ordered I did n't know you could by replacement pads , but thank goodness you can she destroyed the pad -LRB- which is rolled cardboard -RRB- in a month or so . But being able to replace the pads as well as the ball as made this the best buy for cat toys !
 I have two cats and they love this multi-function toy . They bat the ball back and forth between the two of them . Add a little catnip and watch them go crazy . If the pad wears out , flip it over to extend the life . Remember prices can change at any given time making it more or less reasonable . Furniture approved . Highly recommend .
 My cats use this big time . Always have back up . Lasts a pretty long time . Helps keep em away from the furniture .
 My cat loves this scratching pad , so much so he wore the original one out . These replacement pads replace the old one perfectly Within five minutes of putting in the replacement he was at the new one scratching away . If he could type he 'd give it five stars too .
 He does n't care for more scratchers , but for some reason he loves the cheap little cardboard ones . It gets 5 stars in my book .
 These are great I have them all over the house in just about every room and the cats go nuts over them ! I will buy this product again big time !!! Love it !!!!
 My cats actually prefer to scratch their claws on these -LRB- used in our Bergan Turbo Scratchers -RRB- over any of our much more expensive scratching posts . Three of my cats use them , & it takes a good year or so to go through them , since you can flip them over when they are finally shredded to pieces . I like to sprinkle a little fresh catnip on them every week or so , & it keeps my cats very happy .
 I can find these locally for about ~ $ 2 more than I can on amazon , but with free shipping when I 'm buying stuff anyway , I might as well save a couple dollars . I did n't find them to be any less quality than the pad that originally came with the toy . Honestly , it even feels a little bit firmer than the original . The only thing that could 've made the fifth star is if it came with a tiny bit of catnip , as the original toy did . Not a huge deal , but it helps get the ball rolling . Hah .
 Length :
 Since the store from which I originally purchased the scratcher no longer carried the refill pad , I was extremely pleased to find it available at Amazon.The refill is easy to put in and the cats love it .
 My cats love the turbo scratcher . I have used one for several years but they became unavailable in my area . Love the scratcher but does the shipping need to be that high ? It costs more than the scratcher !
 My cats love these things and I have been unable to get them locally anywhere for a while . I was glad to find them here .
 I 'd originally purchased one of these `` plastic moat with ping-pong ball and cardboard center '' toys for my cat at Walmart , and she loves it . However , she destroys the cardboard centers pretty quickly , and I did not want to go back to Walmart to purchase the refills . Found them on Amazon and purchased a pack of refills along with a new ring -LRB- just in case they did n't fit in my previous one -RRB- , and while these cardboard fillers are slightly larger than the Walmart brand ones , I was able to get it to fit . Cat still loves this product and I 'd recommend these along with the ring : Bergan Turbo Scratcher Cat Toy -LRB- Colors May Vary -RRB- to any cat owner .
 My two cats just loving you these scratching posts , the best part is they sharpen their claws on these rather the furniture .
 My cat loves the tubo stracher and leave our furiture alone if they are available .
 Turbo scratcher keeps the cats busy and off the furniture . The price of refills varies from source to source , but bargains can be found .
 Our cat Abby just loves to tear these scratchers apart . First of all she likes us to add a bit of catnip !!!
 The cats love these turbo scratchers ! I ca n't find them in the stores anymore , Amazon was the only place I found that carries them .
 My cat has a star chaser toy with this cardboard insert in it . He uses this instead of the furniture to scratch on . He uses one a month .
 These are terrific as they trained my big orange cat to stop scratching the furniture . But he 's very possessive . Sits on it when not scratching and wo n't let the little gray cat use it . LOL .
 The replacement pads , imbued with catnip , are really attractive to my Barney . He scratches often , and rolls over on the catnip smelling pads . Loves the toy with the ball that these pads fit into .
 These fit the Bergan Turbo Scratcher perfectly and my cats were so excited to have something new that they could work their claws on . Highly recommend the scratcher and the refills !
 My cat uses this daily . It helps prevent her from scratching the rugs and furniture . I tell her that she 's a good cat when she uses it and give her a treat . My rugs are no longer being torn up .
 love these cat sratcher fast servive great price the cast love them keeps them off couch for a scratch so great buy .
 i bought the ball-in-loop plastic base for this on someone 's recommendation and am so glad i did - my cat loves this thing . she tore hers to bits after a few months , and i was glad to be able to buy replacement cardboard cheap and easy .
 Wish these were in stock more often . Good price and the cats love them . Be aware that these are only refills .
 I bought this for a cat I do n't have any more . My current cat has no claws . or actually only 1 claw . I did n't remove them and do n't believe in removing them , but I bought him this way .
 I do not drive because I am elderly , so when I can buy things that I need online and have them delivered is a joy . This product is great and they shipped it fast . It fits my cats toy and she enjoys it very much . No problems at all .
 I choose the Turbo Scatcher replacement Pads because the old turbo scatcher pad was completely woren after threecats scatching at it for three years it was time to find a replacement . As soon as I put the replacement pad in the pink base of the turbo the younger cat was right here scatching away at the replacement pad he was happy to have a band new replacement pad . The older one after having a nap starting scratching at the new pad . My third cat passed away last January I am sure she would have loved having a new replacement pad also.I am glad that Amazon . com sells the Bergan Turbo Scatcher replacement Pads , 2 Pack it will so much easier now all I have to do is go to Amazon.com this way It save me time , I do not have to look for this product on my computer in other websites that may or may not sell the product that I want . Now I just go to Amazon.com and there it is the Bergan Turbo Scratcher Scratcher replacement Pad , 2 Pack . I like that the pads come into 2 pack this way you do not have to order the pads every time the pad gets woren out and it save you money when you get 2 pack together . The Bergan Turbo Scratcher Replacement Pads , 2 pack definitely met my expectations specially with my two cats , I have two happy cats enjoying their new Bergan Turbo Replacement Pad .
 As described ... our Kitten loves the turbo scratcher !!! So the refills are a must ! So it is nice to find them at a good price as well !
 My male cat LOVES the Turbo Scratcher , so I was excited to see the refill at such a low price . He was tickled pink -LRB- orange , actually -RRB- when it came in the mail today . His sisters knew well enough to stand back and let him have the first scratch at it . The only thing I would change about the refill would be to add in the small pouch of catnip that originally comes with the Turbo Scratcher . Nevertheless , we all still love it !
 This was a refill for a turbo scratcher I had purchased previously . Bergen makes quality pet products that my pets actually use and enjoy !
 There 's one great reason to buy these , as well as the Turbo Scratcher ; they save the furniture . Our cats love these when they 're fresh , but the older they get , the less they use them . New ones are always a favourite though , and while they 're new , they 'll be our cats preferred way of sharpening their claws . A small investment to make the cats happy and save wear and tear on the couch into the bargain .
 The replacement pads are easy to change , but do n't last that long . The center pulls out easily . Cats love them , and it keeps them off the furniture .
 Have 3 cats and they all love this product . Actually had to buy a second one to avoid squabbles over whose turn it was .
 The first time I bought refills , I put one in the scratcher and forgot to put the other away somewhere and Patsy got to it . I left it out for him to play with . It does n't last long outside the scratcher holder as he tends to pull pieces off -LRB- shrinking it til it 's too small to sit on -RRB- . BUT since he has fun with it and it keeps him out of trouble , I will keep buying them for him . -LRB- And recycle the pieces -RRB-
 my cat loves to scratch this and I usually put in some cat nip to encourage him , saves wear and tear on carpet and furniture
 As always Bergen delivers . Wish there were more in a package at a bargain . With 2 cats we go through a pad in 2 weeks !
 Turbo scratcher is the best ! There must be something about the circle shape , my cat just loves it . She enjoys sitting on it when not scratching it , its like her own little island on the floor .
 Was a great value and we have problems finding these in any of the local stores . It 's in my wish list so I can reorder easily next time !
 All my cats love the turboscratchers . They pull and pull on the cardboard , keeping themselves amused for hours . Sometimes I flip the cardboard round over and let them scratch that side until I get refills . It 's the cats ' favorite toy .
 Bought the original product at a bigbox store over four years ago and it works great today . Finally found an online source for the replacement pads Yea !!! My cats really love this over all other scratch products I 've purchased .
 My cat loves these scratchers . It is a good deterrent to keep her from scratching at the carpet seams . My cat is not too crazy and scratches relatively `` nicely '' at these , so I only have to change them every 4-6 months .
 My cats let me know when its time to replace their scratcher pads ... I get more meowing when they are almost worn out ... The turbo pads along with the roving ball are fabulous quick exercise for our cats ... Their eyes follow that ball and then their paws pounce to stop it ... the scratcher is used every evening after dinner . I find this product to be of great benefit , it replaces the chairs and sofas , for claw sharpening . Thank You for providing an environmentally safe product for adult cats .
 My cat loves his turbo scratcher but the pad had worn out since the time I got it for him , so I was really excited to find the replacement pads here on Amazon . The replacement pad easily pop right in and my dear kitty was playing with it within minutes . My kitty gives it 5 stars .
 One of my cats plays with this all night long . My other cat likes it too , whenever she can get a chance at it . They also like to nap on it and they use the scratching pad too .
 My cats absolutely love to scratch on this - and they never scratch my furniture . Recommend this very highly - it was the perfect replacement size .
 I was excited to find these replacement pads because our cats had recently discovered -LRB- read
 I have had to buy these refill pads for my turbo scratcher twice . They are easy to replace in the toy and last for months .
 My cats do n't like having their nails clipped ... there is a surprise !! They love these inserts and it helps to extend the time between clippings . The price is less than most of the pet stores near me as well ! A win-win for me and the cats !
 I 've had a turbo scratcher for about 7 years and my two cats love it . They take turns playing with it , and sometimes even sleep on top of it . A pad usually lasts 2-3 months before I have to flip it over , and then I get another month or 2 out of it . A few years after I got the toy , I was finding it more difficult to find replacement pads , so whenever I did find them I 'd buy 3 or 4 sets to stock up . I 'm really glad that Amazon stocks this item as this is one of the only toys/scratching pads I 've seen them both enjoy so much . Whenever I put a new pad on , and sprinkle some catnip over the top , they get so excited and will scratch the pad for hours.Recently , my parents got a mini pinscher puppy and when she came to my house for a visit , could n't get enough of the turbo scratcher . She chased the ball in circles for about a half hour and then fell asleep laying next to the toy with her paw on the ball . My cats looked jealous . = -RRB- Overall , I think this is a great toy for the cats , and I need the replacement pads to keep it fun and useful . Now I do n't have to worry about the local stores not having them in stock . I 'm willing to pay an extra dollar to guarantee I can get a product my cats find so enjoyable .
 We have had a turbo scratcher for years and our local stores quit selling the replacement pads . I now have a happy kitty again ! It usually takes him a few months to completely tear one up , so I 've only had to use one .
 Excellent item , my cats only use this and not the furniture , think the catnip helps that . I like that it falls inside and not all over the floor .
 i constantly buy these my cats scratch these at least 10 times a day when i put a new one in they all race to get to it first my only complaint is that its not good for your vaccumn pick up the loose carboard and throw it away it will clog your vacummns hose
 I have 5 cats , and each and everyone loves to play with the toy , and at the same time keep their claws sharpened and filed down to a short length . Just remember to turn the ring upside down when you go to bed at night , since cats do n't read clocks very well , and have no reservations against spending hours playing with the ball in the middle of the night when you are trying to sleep .
 Highly recommended . My cats love it . Use it all the time . Def get one , you wo n't be sorry trust me .
 My cats love this . I just add a little fresh catnip and they come running ! Glad I found this at Amazon !
 Not all cats will use this type of scratcher , but one of my two cats does like honing her nails on this cheap cardboard . Try this before spending more money on a sisal rope scratching post -LRB- which BTW is better than carpet -RRB- . It does shread easily and has to be replaced at least 2-3x per year .
 as a prime member , this is a great value compared to the usual discount super stores and it saves me so much time . No more searching for parking and waiting in long lines for checkout .
 This is exactly what I needed . My two cats tore up their old turbo scratcher and I could n't find another one . They started moving to the furniture , and I needed to do something quick ! They love it ! They bat the turbo ball back and forth to each other , then take turns scratching on the turbo scratcher . Thank you for the fast service and great price .
 Works great even without the Turbo Scratcher . It is a little small , but it does its job . I find it cheaper than the replacements for the regular scratchers .
 My cat adores this !! Everytime I come in the door , he goes right to it . He loovveess his Bergan Turbo scratchers , and the ball that he can never get out of the track is fun for him also !!!
 This product was an excellent fit for my Bergan cat toy . I was very pleased to find the replacement pads . I was sure my loved cat toy was destine for the recycle bin . Having the replacement pads not only saved me money , but also kept my cats happy . I am very pleased with this product .
 My cats love their Turbo Scratcher , but replacing the pads is hard on the wallet if I purchase them at super pet stores . For people who have cats and really do n't need any more sweaters or ties , this is a good holiday gift suggestion to put on your wish list for your friends and family . If you have a Turbo-Scratcher , you can never have too many pads !
 My cats love these with a little catnip . The baby kittens sit on them and play with the ball that is attached to the turbo scratcher .
 My cat is happy once again . She ca n't live without her Turbo Scratcher and our local pet stores were out . It was nice to find them here on Amazon !
 Length :
 our cat is 4 and still plays with this everyday like she is a kitten . durable , inexpensive and saves my furniture !
 Our cats love the Turbo Scratcher , and they do n't scratch other stuff - a good thing . However , I wish they cost less . It seems expensive for cardboard . We will look for alternatives .
 I bought this set of two for myBergan Turbo Scratcher Cat Toy , Colors May Varywhich my cats loved . The replacements took a bit of effort to fit into place , but they fit . You get two full size replacements . Each can be turned over , so you 're basically buying four . I have two cats , each side can last up to 3 months , but they do have a scratching post as well .
 My cats like this scratcher , even though they do n't play with the ball that goes around the outside anymore . These are cheaper on Amazon compared to local pet stores . With 5 cats , they go through these pretty quick . I even flip them over so that I can get use out of both sides . I keep extras on hand because I know they love this scratching pad .
 My big boy Scottie loves the scratcher in this toy . Even my girl has used it . It is holding up very well compared to some of the rectangular style cardboard scratchers .
 Great price and quick shipment . I appreciate knowing where I can get this product as a replacement for my cat 's Bergan Turbo Scratcher . They love this toy and use it several times daily . It is their favorite . I will order them often . Thank you .
 Very glad to find the replacements , my cat loves this toy and great price for 2 pads !
 I was handed down one of these ball chase and scratcher and it throughly amuses both of my cats -LRB- smart and dumb -RRB- . Unfortunetly when I received mine the scratcher was `` burned out '' I was so glad to find them available online and at a decent price . Trust me with out the scratcher this is n't as fun for my kitties .
 Looked everywhere for these simple little things in a store and only found them on Amazon .
 Quantity was not communicated by Amazon to Entirely Pets who actually stocked and sent the item.I got 1 when I wanted 3 . Given the cost of shipping and handling was nearly $ 45 , this seems ... . inefficient .
 My cats have had a Turbo Scratcher for years now and these inserts are great for cats who love to claw . They 're easy to change out and last a long time . Would highly recommend .
 Thanks for the Bergan Turbo Scratcher 's . I received them as promised . I ran out of the turbo scratcher 's and could not find them anywhere in town . I did a search Amazon and they had them . My cat is once again happy and scratching .
 We bought the original Turbo Scratcher several years ago along with refills . The scratcher gets a daily workout , and with four different cats exercising on it , I had to reorder more refills . They sharpen their claws and avidly chase the ball so we have saved the backs of many chairs . Great product and I 'm sure your kitty would highly recommend the Turbo Scratcher .
 I purchased the Bergan Turbo Scratcher Replacement Pads for a friend . She has several cats , and they all love the Turbo Scratcher . She is very pleased that Bergan offers replacement pads -- very economical not to have to buy an entire Turbo Scratcher replacement unit .
 I just moved to LA. . I looked all over -LRB- Walmart , Target & Petco -RRB- but no one had these scratch pad refills . Prior to LA any Walmart had them.My cat loves these scratch pads . She takes to them everytime she is in the mood to scratch.Fortunately , Amazon had them.Cheers , Chuck
 We have always used the scratching pads without the Turbo frame . The cats use the pads many times every day , rushing up and really getting their backs into it . Eventually the pad gets used up , worn away until only a small cob remains . Then the cats carry the remnant around or use it for their cat volleyball games . The shreds do make a little mess but compared to their exuberant joy with this item , cleaning up is a very minor chore . There is no guarantee that providing this outlet will save your furniture , but our three guys have shown little interest in scratching anything else since we started buying these pads .
 A furniture saver ... the cats like this better than any upholstery . It can get messy with cardboard bits , but that 's easy enough to vacuum up .
 Both my cats love this product and the pads need to be replaced every 2-3 months or so -LRB- I flip them over and have them use the other side too -RRB- if you use catnip with these , be sure to check the bottom after a month because at times the catnip will sink thru and mold over -RRB- . I solved the $ 25 need for free shipping by buying $ 25 worth of these pads in one shot since I will always need to get replacements anyway .
 My cats have always loved the Turbo Scratcher , but our local stores no longer sell the replacement pads , and I was lost on what to do . Then I looked into Amazon.com , and found them . Now my -LRB- seven -RRB- cats and myself are overwhelmed with happiness . So happy for being able to still get them . Hope you 'll continue to sell them . A must for all cat lovers!Patty , Clmt. , NH .
 The turbo scratchers arrived on time and in fine condtion . My kitty looks forward to using them as soon as possible .
 this is always a great product and I have been usingit for years ! super fast delivery ! thank you ! my furniture and cats thanks you .
 these were cheaper but just the same quality as the ones you get in the store . arrived on time . cats love them .
 It fits well and lasts a long time , it turns over easily and both my cats like it very much
 My kitty scratches on her turbo scratcher every day , but the pads last a long time . I 've very satisfied with them .
 My cats love these . They keep the cats very busy . Was a good buy . They arrived fast . It is nice to get a two pack so you have a back up .
 It fit and the kitty was happy . So happy , in fact he has it in shreds already . They get down in the &#34; ball trough &#34; and he ca n't figure out why he ca n't make his ball go around ! I clean it out almost daily -- of course even though he uses it lots , he now has another ` victim ' ... The Christmas Tree was just decorated !
 Excellant value . My cats just love this toy . The only actual toy I 've gotten them that they play with . Normally they want the box the toy came in .
 Love these scratching boards . They fit into the Turbo scratcher by Bergen , which is our cats ' favorite toy . We love to put catnip in the Turbo and watch them scratch and rub themselves all over it . During the day , they use the Turbo as a scratching post . Highly recommended .
 My younger Meezer guy goes at these with a vengeance . He digs , scratches , pulls them all over the place , leaving little shreds as he goes , until all that 's left is strands of paper . I do n't have the original scratcher , so I just put them on the floor . Makes him happy though .
 Cat loves to use this . Cat uses it so much it 's getting close to using up the second one in the pack .
 I love this product but I wish I could find it at walmart were I purshased my first scratcher . The cat loves it and keeps her off of the furniture .
 The bottom line , my cats are happy with the refills . Yes , they 're SLIGHTLY smaller than the original pad , but that makes it possible to get them IN -LRB- getting the original pad out was a pain in the butt -RRB- . We got them the original `` donut '' in March 2011 , and they STILL fight over who gets to curl up on the cardboard , who gets playtime , and at all hours , there 's the unmistakable rumble of the ball getting batted around the track . It 's August 2012 , and I 'm just now ordering my 3rd set of refills . We got the Donut after our two older cats were adults , and at the beginning of this summer , we got a kitten . She 's the one doing the most damage to the cardboard , and the reason we 've had to replace the pad once already this summer . I just installed the second pad before I sat down to write up this review and order ANOTHER set.The cats are happy , the family is entertained . It 's win-win .
 My cats absolutely love this toy ! Keeps them from catching furniture and keeps them entertained on their own . Perfect fit for the turbo scratcher and good price .
 These cardboard cat scratcher pads are really good for my indoor cats . They both enjoy them first thing in the morning and as needed during the day . I like the price and availability -LRB- ordering through amazon -RRB- .
 My four cats love the Bergan Turbo Scratcher . All of the cats play with it every day . The replacement pads are a great value . When the cats are done with one side flip it over to the other side for continued use . With four cats using the scratcher everyday the pads usually last for about 1 month if I use both sides . So the 2 pad replacement pack lasts a couple of months .
 My cats love their Turbo Scratchers ! Sometimes I ca n't find the pad replacements in the stores , so it 's great to be able to purchase them on-line .
 These Turbo Scratcher refills are great !! They 're the exact same refills I get at the pet store for too much !! I have two Turbo Scratchers and my cats use them ALL the time !! It 's great to be able to just add them to an Amazon order and not have to make a trip to the store ! Love 'em and my cats do , too !
 Fit perfectly in my Turbo Scratcher cat toy . Arrived on time and in new condition . My cat is very happy to have her scratcher toy back . Do n't forget to add cat nip ! They love it .
 I 'm so glad I looked on Amazon for cat scratchpads , nowhere in town had the round pads to go in the holder which has a track for a ball ! It 's my cats ' favorite toy once again . Thanks for the speedy delivery also .
 If you own a Turbo Scratcher you will need to purchase replacement pads for it . Cats love these pads to sharpen their claws , but they will rip them up pretty quickly . The only downside to them is they are quite expensive for something that is nothing more than cardboard . Amazon has the best price for these replacement pads , and you will want to buy them in quantity.When your pad gets torn up you can flip it over to get additional usage out of it . Cats will enjoy them even more if you sprinkle catnip on them - our cats will roll around on top of them and lay on them .
 I purchased a Turbo Scratcher for my cats some time ago , and I found that the replacement pads last a long time , even with four cats using the Scratcher ! When one side of the pad is worn , just flip it over and you have several more weeks or months of use left . We have several types of scratching boxes , cat trees with carpet and sisal , etc. , but the cats all love these inexpensive pads the best !
 The Bergan Turbo scratchers are a cats best friend . They are durable and do n't make a big cardboard mess like some of the scratchers from the big box stores . Will buy again .
 The turbo scratcher has saved my furniture from sure distruction . I have 4 cats , and before I got these pads they used my couch and chairs for scratching , As soon as I got the Turbo , they took right to it and do not scratch on my furniture any longer . They also like to play with the ball . Love it , I have three .
 As I said in my review of the flat rectangular scratch pads , if you told I was going to spend money on corrugated cardboard for cats in the past I would have said you were crazy . But they LOVE them and the darn things WORK . They last forever and every day are used by several of my feline beasties , IF you have the Bergan , get the inserts .
 I 've never met a kitty that would n't scratch on these . I 've had them for 5 cats , kittens to adults , all scratched on them . I 'll continue to buy them as long as I can find them .
 My cat uses the Turbo Scratcher two or three times a day and loves it , saves my furniture too . I highly recommend this for new cat owners , or anyone else .
 My cat loves this product . From day one , right out of the box ; uses it for scratching and plays with it all the time !
 These replacement pad were needed because our two cats use the the Turbo Scratcher so often . The Turbo Scratcher is the best cat toy ever . It is great exercise for the cats and it has saved a lot of clawing of furniture .
 Length :
 What an economical scratcher this turned out to be!I have had the `` Turbo Scratcher Toy '' for about 6 years now . It is so nice that I can still buy scratching refills after all this time . These refills tend to last me for at least 9 months.Cats love it when you put some catnip in the center for them to munch on ... after some munching , they get catnip-crazy and roll around on it . As long as you freshen the catnip up occasionally , your cats will never forget what a great place this is to play and scratch.While using this and 2 rectangle scratch pads , I have NEVER had to fight with my cats over scratching furniture OR carpet . Highly Recommended !
 We have three cats . The mature one always uses it the new ones are not as into it yet but a little fresh cat nip helps . I have been having trouble finding the refills in the pet shops . Thank you Amazon .
 Glad I was able to find these online for replacements to my cat scratcher . Could not find them in stores in my area . My cats really use the Turbo Scratcher and with three cats using it , I must change it often . The company shipped them quickly and I thought the price was very fair . Just a quick note to anyone who uses this scratcher . You can turn the disk over in the scratcher after the cats have used one side and get a second use out of the opposite side .
 My cat is 5 years old now , and I 've taken this toy with me from coast to coast , as it 's the only thing he really and consistently plays with . He tears through pads in a month or two , but better this than the furniture . And it 's easy enough -LRB- and cheap enough -RRB- to replace the cardboard centers . Highly recommended .
 These are the refills for the Bergan Turbo Scratcher Cat Toy -LRB- reviewed separately -RRB- . These are great . We have two cats and one loves it much much more than the other . It deters them from scratching other furniture . We have noticed that they do not like it as much if we forget to pur cat nip with each replacement that we put in . So if you find your cat not using it much , try adding more cat nip ! But great other wise !
 this product was the best value i have found . i needed these scratching pads for my cats , and believe me they are using them .
 Who would have thought some rolled cardboard would be so much fun ? I am so glad they make replacements because my cats positively adore these toys . And , you can use either side as these are actually like `` double sided '' . Twice the fun for the kitties at half the price . I see them scratching as I type . This is just the best toy - so as I said , I 'm thrilled there are replacements .
 My cat can play with this toy all the times , sometimes in the middle of the night , you can hear him play . It is a great toy to purchase for your cat .
 The roller ball scratcher pads were at first to me a bit pricey until they arrived and I realized they came in packs of 2 ! I was very pleased with this product and would definitely buy from this seller again . My cats ca n't live without it .
 Just exactly what I ordered and delivered unbelievably fast . I did n't expect this item until next week . Thanks for the prompt delivery of my order and I would highly recommend Petco products to anyone .
 my cat plays daily and even sleeps on it . seems at least six times daily she is batting it around . grandson luvs it also . he is 2 and enjoys spinning it around .
 these are amazing cheap cat scratchers , before you throw it away if your cat hasnt scratched all the way through it flip it over to use the other side yayayayayayaayay
 My cats have been using the turbo scratchers since I got my first cat . This was even a better deal for the replacement pads than I get at a local discount store . Any age cat loves the turbo scratcher !
 This is an excellent product . My cat loves to scratch on it and she uses it daily !
 I bought the turbo scratcher about a year ago when I got my two kittens . They absolutely love the toy . They did n't use the scratching part much at first - just chased the ball around . Now that they 're getting older , they use the scratcher a lot so I finally had to purchase a replacement . They actually last surprisingly long , so $ 4 a piece is n't too bad at all considering how much use it gets .
 More fun than scratching furniture ! Better than climbing the curtains !!! Beats sliding on the floor mats !!! Sorry , ca n't think of anything else ; it 's time for my nap !!!
 All I can say is , my cats love it , and it helps save the furniture !
 Of course this is just a review for the replacement scratching pads , but I want to really review the whole thing . My cat loves this scratching pad . He never walks past it without stopping to scratch a bit . I will say that I average replacing the pad every 5-6 weeks , which can be considered a little costly , but my cat just loves it and I never have found him sharpening his claws on anything else . I also have a kitten , and he is more fascinated with the ball that he can chase around its center . The older cat occasionally uses the ball too . Great purchase .
 The Turbo Scratcher is a wonderful cat entertainer and scratching post . My 11 year old cat plays with this when nothing else will interest her . The refills are very inexpensive and really save my furniture . I will always have a couple of these around the house for my furry friends .
 It 's hard to find these refills and if you can find them in a store , you will save a few bucks but worth the extra money for shipping . This toy is the only thing that saves my furniture from my two cats . Highly recommended .
 I am very pleased with the Turbo Scratcher Refill pads ! Our cats spend hours entertaining themselves with the Turbo Scratcher . We highly recommend the product and this vendor .
 These are great especially when circum-hugged with the orbital ball distraction . I have found , however , that a grass weave doormat provides equal distraction but is unfortunately 10X in cost .
 These are great for keeping my cat from destroying our furniture . We purchased the turbo scratcher and refills in the pas at Wal-Mart . These refills cost more but were in stock . I pay 2.53 at Wal-Mart . These were 5.00 + shipping 5.00 :-LRB- . I purchased 2 sets of the refills until Wally world has them back in stock . Thanks for taking the time to read my review ... Happy shopping and have a great day !! : -RRB-
 Love the product but if you can get them in the pet store it is cheaper !
 My Charlie loves this toy , he has had it since he was 10 weeks old , so he 's extremely happy to have a new scratching pad ! Charlie says thank you ... meow !!
 Same product at a better price than the local store . Loved the convenience of shopping from home as well . Bought several .
 The item is exactly as described , and it can be placed with no hassle on the toy.My cat has no finished the existing one yet , but when he will I have already the spare here.Great product , and great seller too ! I recommend it!Greetings from the Americas , JAS
 I have two cats and this is the only toy they did n't give up on after a few days . It 's also the only cardboard , or other material , `` scratching '' item that keeps them from clawing the furniture.The Turbo Scratcher lasted the longest as far as keeping their interest . I just have to remember to put it away at bedtime or I hear the ball rolling around all night !
 I have 2 in the basement game room for the kitties to use instead of the pool table . They work ! They are really good scratchers ... I 've used them for a year now & so far so good . Just needed refills .
 Better pricing than PetCo or PetSmart , but the shipping kills it . My cats love these and we tend to sprinkle real catnip on them.I think these go for about $ 9 at PetSmart , so that 's something to think about . The shipping from buying it here puts you way over that.All in all a great product for cats to sharpen their nails instead of your furniture , and ours are placed in the turbo scratcher with a ball that lights up .
 My cats love this ! A little sprinkle of catnip and they 're all over it . :-RRB- They only use it for scratching since I lost the ball .
 Great replacement pads for Bergan Turbo Scratcher . Our cat loves it . Nice that you can flip them over to use bothsides . Works well !
 This was so hassle-free to order from start to finish . My local pet store was out of these scratchers , and now I 'm so glad they were ! The order came within days , and were far less expensive than the pet store . For the price and convenience , Miss Kitty will never be out of these again !
 Oh Boy !!!!! Do the kitties love this scratching pad . Every one I know that has one of these says their kitties adore it . Mr. Joe Anna would pounce on this and bat the ball back and forth for 20 minutes at a time . Unfortuneatly I lost him , -LRB- heartbreak -RRB- but Edna Mae and Rascal are enjoying it immensely.Wouldn ' t be without one .
 I have the Bergman Turbo Scratcher for my five cats.They love it and consequently go through the scratch pads monthly . These replacement pads fit great and are priced much lower here than the local petstore .
 The item was great . It was new in package . It came promptly and was packed well . Thank for very much .
 I have been using this product for 17 yrs . with my deceased cat and also had a tough time getting it in Pet stores , but on occasion my mother would find it . I decided to purchase it through Amazon.com and have no complaints and my new cat loves it and constantly uses it .
 My cats are rippin up the cardboard insert on the turbo scratcher . They love it - so I know I 'll be glas I bought these when the other is worn out .
 Have n't been able to find these locally for what ever reason . Stores selling the scratcher set but not the replacement pads . These are exactly what I was looking for and the cat loves them .
 My cats love the Turbo Scratcher - we have had it for 5 years now and I buy my refills on Amazon.com . My male cat takes out one side of a refill pretty quickly , but I turn it over and it last another couple months . I agree with the others to put catnip in the middle to retain the cat 's interest .
 As you know i got these to replace the Very used one I have in my Turbo Scratcher . This is the Only place I can find them at a reasonable price . Thank you for that . Before I know it they probably will be all used up and I will have to order more . And I will most definately order more from Amazon . Thank You
 These are not carried at my local stores anymore . Glad to find them ! They seem to last a long time .
 We 've had the plastic part of this for a year or so now . Our cats go through the cardboard center in a couple of months -LRB- we let them get to the point where they 've completely torn it out -RRB- , but fortunately it 's easy to replace !
 We own and operate a cat rescue . While these scratchers are great , made in the USA and quite affordable , we really could use scratchers that are a bit more durable for the many cats that use them here . I 'll keep ordering them though !
 We are a multiple cat household and we buy these often . They hold up well under the most determined scratchers in the house .
 my cats just love this scratch surface and it keeps them from wanting to scratch the carpet and furniture . The pads seem to last for a long time .
 The replacement pads work great , fit perfectly and our cats love them . Much better to put in a new replacement scratching pad once in a while than to worry about them scratching the furniture ! Will be ordering them again .
 Some reviewers are complaining this is n't as thick as the original pad that comes with the Turbo Scratcher , but I compared them and do n't see any difference in height . Maybe they had a really old Turbo Scratcher , but mine is 3 years old . They seem to last forever -LRB- I had an almond-colored Turbo Scratcher that lasted 12 years before the ball turned up missing -RRB- . These replacement pads do n't come with the finely milled catnip but they are much cheaper here than buying locally . I 'm just now replacing the cardboard pad from the original purchase 3 years ago .
 These refills fit perfectly in the Turbo Scratcher I purchased last year from Amazon . My cats love them . The only reason I gave them 4 stars instead of 5 is because they do not come with catnip like most other products like this . Great price from Amazon !
 This product is the same excellent peroduct we used to buy in the stores . However , the price in the store is now $ 9.99 fr a 2 pack and we would much rather pay $ 5.99 through Amazon . Our many cats love to scratch the cardboard in the Turbo Scratcher device and our huge living room couch has remained in excellent shape for over a decade .
 Service was wonderful & product was outstanding !!!!! This will not be my last purchase . I have told other all about this
 Good product , good price . I only wish that I could get the pads in bulk . I need to stayed stocked !
 My cats really like it , I sprinkle a little catnip on the cardboard and they go crazy . I would recommend this product .
 My kitties scratched the other disk to shreds ... litterally . Little shreds of cardboard all over the place ... but I needed to replace it . Ordered it , got it and put it in the holder ... but it was awfully tall . AND I thought it was a 2-piece set . D'OH ! It is ... I pulled the two pieces apart and it was just what the kitties ordered and the single piece fits well into the holder . Kitties got ta scratch ... and they love this toy !!!
 My cat loves this thing . He plays hard and falls asleep on top of it . Since buying this I never catch him scratching on my furniture , I guess you could say I love it as much as he does ! I have yet to find a better price than Amazon also , I love them too !
 my cat loves it but is too small for him and the product looks a little unfinish , but it meets its purpose which is prevent my cant to use my furniture . next time i will buy a bigger one .
 My cats love these circular rings with the ball and these scratching pads . Less expensive than in stores such as Petsmart and Petco .
 Our cat loves this toy ! She goes into withdrawal if she ca n't play with it . We also noticed that when she had to wait for the refills to come after the first one wore out she started clawing the furniture . As soon as we replaced the scratching area she stopped damaging the sofa ! Amazing !!
 The Turbo Scratcher is the favorite toy/scratcher of all three of my very picky and hard-to-please cats , so needless to say they destroy the cardboard part pretty quickly . I used to be able to get the refills at Wal-Mart , but they no longer carry them , so I was excited to see that I can buy them on Amazon . I always order a few at a time , so my resident felines are never disappointed .
 My cats love the Turbo Scratcher . The quit selling them in the stores near me , so I am gladd that I was able to purchase them at Amazon.com
 My cat adores this scratch pad . The only reason I do n't give it five stars is that I think it 's ridiculously overpriced for a piece of cardboard . The alternative though is that my cat scratches my furniture or carpet . Not a day goes by that you do n't hear him in the other room scratching away at his scrach pad . It 's a must have at our house . I use to be able to buy these very affordably at Walmart but they have quit carrying them unforunately and because I live in a smaller town that leaves me buying them on Amazon unless we 're out of town and then I pick some up at Petsmart for a bit cheaper .
 I got the cat toy with the ball that my cat can chase around in the circle around the scratch pad . My cat does n't really care so much about the toy but she loves the scratch pads . At first I thought it was just the catnip , but I havent added the cracknip for ages . Shes loves the pad . She 'll do the other shapes too , but she likes to hop on top of this one and really go to town . It has saved my furniture and rugs big time .
 the bergan turbo scratcher is great.my cats love it and i love that my furniture is safe .
 Since I was a dog lover and my husband was the cat lover , he scoffed when I brought home the Turbo Scratcher as a present for our two Siamese cats . -LRB- He thinks I know NOTHING about cats -RRB- . He now acknowledges that this is the BEST cat toy ... -LRB- and since both cats still have their claws -RRB- also the best saver of our furniture !! I even bought one as a present for the neighbors when they adopted a stray kitten !!
 This not only makes a great scratching unit , it gives my cat some great fun time ; especially when joined by my two year old granddaughter and they bat the ball back and forth between them .
 They fit easily and last a long time . When one side is worn out you can flip it over . Add a little cat nip and watch your kitties go crazy ! It defintely prevents them from ripping up the furniture !
 My cats love to scratch the heck out of these things . They do make a mess , with the shredded cardboard getting tossed onto the floor , but better some cardboard shreds than my upholstery !
 The Cat said I better write a good response for this product , he is sharpening his claws.Have both pads out and on the floor which he use instead of the furniture . We will be buying this item again .
 I originally bought the unit from the local WalMart over 6 years ago . WalMart , of course , stopped carrying the refills . This is one scratcher that all my cats use consistently , and without regard for what other cat has been using it . It has saved my drapes and furniture much wear and tear . Thanks for carrying this product .
 My wife has searched all the local pet stores and failed to find the replacements . Wal-Mart does n't have them !!! So , for the money and convenience of ordering online was a double bonus !
 My cat actualy pays with the ball and scratch pad . She seems to enjoy it .
 I was very pleased with my purchase . I had been purchasing thesesame Cat Scratcher in the pet store . The quality is the sameand for half the price .
 My cat loves it and she is way over weight and in just a few weeks I already see a difference in her weight . She is always playing with this and now I have to buy more replacements but it is way cheaper then I furniture I have to replace because of her . I am so glad I found this . Totally worth all the money you pay for the Bergan .
 This is a wonderful replacement pad for our Turbo Scratcher . I would recomend purchasing here at Amazon again .
 This is an excellent product . My cat can go outdoors to scratch , but he prefers to use his Turbo Scratcher . When I tell him to do his `` Aerobics '' , he runs to his scratcher and starts scratching like mad.The pad can be turned over to be used on the other side when the first side has been used as much as possible . Thus , it does last quite a long while . I definitely recommend this as my cat uses it 3 or 4 times a day .
 Excellent Quality and they fit our turbo ball toy/scratcher perfectly ! We were very pleased with this product !
 Just bought 2 refills for $ 5.11 , delivered . I 've had the toy 10 years now , when I open the catnip my cat runs right to it in expectation . For all the duds I bought where she played with the bag the toy came in rather than the new toy , this one is a winner-best ever !
 I have used this product in the past . It is easy to replace in the turbo scratcher and the cats like it .
 My cats love the turbo scratcher and my furniture is grateful ! It is great to be able to replace the cardboard disc as they take turns shredding it .
 Some of the ones in the pet store are too small but these fit perfectly and stand up very well to my three cats .
 Cat clawing up the furniture or the woodwork ? Get these to fill the toy and your cat will love you . It will stop the scratching issues right now .
 I bought a Turbo Scratcher from our local Walmart and had always purchased the replacement pads from there too . Sadly , they stopped carrying them . Amazon to the rescue ! My cats love these things SO much , I 'm replacing one probably about once a month or more . -LSB- Side note
 Of course , you need a Turbo Scratcher to put these in , but otherwise , this is actually my cats ' favorite place to scratch . With a couple of these around the house , I never run into any kind of destructive behavior like clawed furniture or woodwork.How long they last is pretty much determined by how many cats you have , I think . With three , several weeks . But it 's a big occasion when I go to remove the old , worn-out one , and put in the new , they line up , watching me , and then race to see who gets to claw away first . And these are adult cats . As kittens , they loved these too , and both grown and baby love the turbo scratcher itself , - gives a nice place to perch if you 're inclined to lying on cardboard , and they love to bat the ball around - this setup never loses its appeal . What I dislike about some places that offer them is the ridiculously small packaging coupled with an unreasonable price . I found a great deal with Amazon , as usual .
 We have used these pads for several years and the cats love them and the toy ball that is in the holder . They can get expensive at the pet store so I was thrilled to find them on Amazon at a much lower cost than the store . Same quality just less expensive .
 I would recommend this product to others , great to keep those kitties busy . Priced under what you pay in pet specialty store , shipped quickly .
 I do a trick with cheap glue to make them last alot longer . I fill it all over with glue with paper on the bottom to catch the over run . . they last alot longer that way .
 These are like three times as much money in store . The cats love them . I like saving money . Win win
 I bought these because even though Walmart carries the Turbo Scratcher holder they did n't have the replacement pads . I am very happy with my purchase ! When I need the replacement pads again I will purchase online .
 Cats love the turbo scratcher and a must-have if you have a kitten !!!!! The scratching pads even my adult cat uses :-RRB- It 's great that they are double-sided as well . Highly recommend !!
 The cats love these things and always have . When one half is destroyed simply turn it over for double use . No home with a cat should be without one ! They love the scratching as much as the ball toy that accommodates it . Highly recommended !
 my cat Bob like this a lot and uses it more than the couch , although he needs reminders to be good
 I bought theTurbo Scratcher years ago at K-Mart and my cats loved it ! Unfortunately , they stopped selling it and the replacement pads . I was glad to find the replacement pads on Amazon ! Now my cats can continue to enjoy their toy !
 Great toy and good quality scratching pads for the price ! This is only the second time I 've had to purchase replacement pads . They hold up very well with my 3 cats .
 The original cardboard middle circle on the turbo scratcher we have was almost all gone because the cat had claws when we got him . This cardboard refill fits exactly as it should and is just like the original . With the catnip brushed on the cardboard , our cat is back rolling and playing with the toy . He pushes the ball around on the track , &#34; scratches &#34; on the cardboard , and lounges on top of the toy too .
 We are not through with the original one that came with the scratcher , but almost ! Hard to find in stores nearby .
 These scratching pads wear pretty well . I flip them over when one side is shredded and get more wear out of the second side , although not as much as the first side .
 When the middle cardboard scratcher finally wore out I had to pick up some replacements for my Bergan Turbo . With cats with claws it 's important to keep them with lots of appropriate options ! The pack of three works nicely because I wo n't have to think about it again for awhile as they really do last for a long time . When one side is too mangled I flip it over and they get to start fresh !
 My cat loves these and it helps them not to scratch up our furniture instead . They fill easily into the turbo ball toy , and you can use the front and back side ! Great Value !
 When our cat was a kitten she LOVED the ` Turbo Scratcher ' . Over the years she 's worn out the pads.These pads are a perfect fit!I periodically sprinkle catnip underneath the pad.We also use the lighted ` StarChaser Replacement Ball ' in the Turbo Toy which helps capture kitty 's attention : -RRB-
 I have two Bergan StarChaser toys for my cats and they love it so much I bought back-up StarChaser balls and Turbo scratch pads for when they wear out . I would definitaly recommend Bergan StarChaser toys to anyone with a cat .
 My kitties just love their Turbo Scratcher which I purchased from Amazon . Lately it has been a problem on who is going to play with it so I purchased another from Amazon . Now that there are 2 everyone is a happy camper . I continue to purchase the Replacement pads from Amazon since they have the best price around .
 Excellent product - Cats all love it and thereby I love it because they scratch on their turbo and not my furniture . Price great as well .
 The pad in our Turbo Scratcher had finally had all it could take and basically unraveled . I had been getting them at Kmart , but I hate going to that store . I was thrilled to find them on Amazon so I could order using my Prime Account . When I got them out of the box , I thought it was too small for some reason . But they fit perfectlly into the scratcher . As soon as I had it snapped in there was a stampede on the scratcher ! lol And of course I prefer the scratching on the scratcher as opposed to on my stairs ! :o-RRB- Much preferable to replacing carpet . And it 's a great price for 2 scratcher refills ! Occassionally I put a little catnip on it and the kitties get even happier : o -RRB-
 A couple of reviews complained about only getting one when the description said two . When I got it in the mail , I thought I was going to be another . I popped it into the toy and realized that there really is two , one on top of the other . You just do n't notice it until you have it in the holder and it seems like its too tall . Duh , well there 's the second one . I chuckled a bit at my mistake , and am happy with this purchase . -LRB- btw , my cat LOVES this thing . He tears it to shreds , especially with catnip on it . Saves the couch ; -RRB-
 Excellent price and easy to purchase with a click of the button rather then going to the Pet Store to purchase these frequently . Cat loves to use this and tear it to shreds . I was so happy to find these inserts on here and for a great price !
 Buying these refills which are part of a cat toy with a ball actually saved my couches frombeing clawed . GREAT item , price and I do recommend that you buy the if you have cats thatlove to claw furniture .
 My cats love the turbo scratcher and I could no longer find the replacement pads . So glad I found them . The boys are happy .
 My cat loves its toy that is very close to this item . Has loved it since the day I brought it in the house ; plays with it daily , scratches on it daily , sleeps on it while curled up in a ball . However , the scratch pad is about gone and there is NO brand name on the toy -LRB- just something about being made in Broken Arrow -RRB- . There is also no measurement on any listing that I can find on the Net , including listings on here , Ebay , etc for the dimension of these replacement pads like it is a national secret . I 've even written a couple sellers and did n't get a response . Could SOMEONE who owns one of these please take 15 to 20 seconds and measure the diameter of the replacement pad -LRB- or if none left , flip over your cat 's toy and measure it that way to get the full edge to edge measurement of the pad itself -RRB- and let me know via a ` comment ' on this review with the inches ?? Like 10 and 1/2 '' or 11 and 3/4 '' or whatever it is ? It would be greatly appreciated.Thank you in advance .
 Not really having the problems some of the other reviewers of this item are having . The replacement pads we got are identical to the ones that came with the toy . They lasted about a year and just now needed replacing . We flip ours over once the one side is destroyed . After that we replace them . Not sure why some customers are saying they are smaller and dont fit the track as well . We arent having this problem at all . Didnt even need to add catnip to the tracker . Our female cat likes the scratch pads while our male cat prefers playing with the track itself . They both sleep on the scratch pads . These are cardboard , so im not sure what some people expected to get when they ordered this . They are inexpensive and last along time . Cant complain . Would recommend them .
 These are turbo scratchers great . They last a long time and the cats really go for them - I also own the emory board scratching pad and they like this one much more .
 If you value your furniture , these are worth every penny . Rub in a little catnip , place the turbo scratcher somewhere the cat tends to hang out , and watch them go to town on this thing . They love it .
 OUR KITTIES LOVE THESE . THEY SCRATCH ON THEM UNTIL THE CARDBOARD IS DESTROYED.THEN THEY LIKE TO NAP ON THEM AND PLAY WITH THE BALL IN THE TRACK
 My MaineC was without his refill for his Turbo Scratcher for about a week and was miserable ! I was so happy that these were shipped so quickly to me and so was the kitty . Mommy will try to not make the mistake of running out again !
 My cat wore the first scratcher out . I could n't find any replacements at the local pet stores and was pleased that Amazon had them . My cat is happy with the new scratcher . She even sleeps on it when not clawing at it .
 If I 'm buying replacements , you know you 're doing something right.My cats love to tear every little cardboard shred from your tiny spirals . And then they wack the ball . Mostly , they tear , though .
 I searched and searched to find this belt . He was right on target with the description . These piston pumps are workhorses . Hopefully the belt will last .
 Fits just like the original that came with my pump when I brought it back in the early 1980s . The pump has been running continuously ever since -LRB- with lots of regular oiling -RRB- . Do n't know where I am going to get this now . Appears Amazon has stopped carrying the belt . Sad . : - -LRB-
 Had a tough time elsewhere finding the part , but through Amazon.com , there it was . I bought 2 since they do wear out over time . Excellent service and got it much quicker than I thought I would . Fills the bill , and I 'll be repairing more items and throwing away less since I can find parts through Amazon.com . My little contribution to a greener footprint !
 My veterinary dermatologist recommended these for my 1 year old yellow lab as a crunchy replacement for rawhides while we try to figure out what he is allergic to . He absolutely loves them ! A large piece only lasts for a few minutes for him , so they 're not really a replacement for the rawhides , but at least it gives him something crunchy to chew on to clean his teeth and satisfy his need to chew . The vet told me that they would stain my carpet , but they do n't . My only complaint is that they are a little expensive .
 I purchased these for my picky eater . He totally loves them . He is a large dog but they gave him plenty of chew time . He is allergic to a lot of dog foods and treats . I was very glad to find these , he had no allergic reactions and really loved them . I just wish my local pet stores carried them .
 My three parrots with their unique temperaments all love this product . Each has their own and it is one of the best toys I have ever invested in . Just bought another round .
 Just wish these toys made of wood and other natural sources would last longer , it 's a shame that the amount of work making these is &#34; destroyed &#34; so quickly .
 Our bird generally does not like the toys we buy for her . She is about 15 years old , and seems to be scared by fluffy things . She LOVES this toy and has nearly destroyed it by playing with it so much in a very short amount of time . It is well-made , and we will most likely be getting another one when the bird is finished with the one we have .
 I purchased this for our 13 year old African Grey , Flannel . She loved it !!!!! I say loved , because after only one week it was history . She has never had so much fun destroying a toy ever !! I have to order more for her Xmas bag , which she always get to rip open herself .
 Our 5 month old african grey absolutely loves this toy . We have it set up on his cage playtop and he plays with it for hours at a time sometimes . He 's def . been chewing at it - but its held up pretty well !
 This pan is big enough to hold a large quantity of food and sturdy enough to take the `` punishment '' of a large rottweiler-good value for money .
 Glad I bought this . It is for feeding outside cats and is large and easy to clean . Works great !
 Since we live in the desert , we find that our small dogs need more water in the summer , hence , they need a larger water dish.This is perfect ! We use the deeper ones for poultry and this size for dogs . They clean out great , do n't grow mold in the shade , and WHAT A GREAT PRICE !!!
 We have two sheep dog mix puppies and needed a sturdy bowl which they could share into adulthood that would n't easily flip over or be blown in the wind . This is a simple , great dish . The pups are not tempted to chew it as they did their previous plastic bowl , and there is plenty of room for both of them to eat without being crowed . I later found this at the local mega-mart for the same price , but this is the least expensive bowl of this type I have found .
 i train my dogs in obedience and i was looking for a treat they would really love as a ` jackpot ' for a great effort . i tried these and they love them . i have small dogs so i cut these up into small pieces . any i do n't use in a trining session i leave in a small plastic sandwich bag in the fridge until next time which works fine .
 This is the treat I 've been looking for . I have tried at least 6 different treats with a ho-hum reception from my Mi-Ki puppy . When I finally cut part of this one up and gave it to her , she loved it . I need a treat like this for training ; I could probably get her to do cartwheels for more .
 My two chihuahuas are very spoiled and will only eat the finest -LRB- and smelliest ! -RRB- treats . I was looking for some variety from their usual freeze dried liver and chicken breasts and found these sausages at the local pet store . I grabbed one of the Grammy 's Pot Pie because who does n't like chicken ! I cut it into little pieces -LRB- one sausage will last my boys at least 4 servings each -RRB- and gave them some as a bedtime snack ... they nearly broke out of their beds to get more ! They look very good and you can see the vegetables in them . I feel confident giving Merrick treats due to their outstanding quality and these are no different . I would reccomend these to any picky pooch !
 My golden retriever LOVES these . She takes them outside and either munches them down fairly fast or buries them for later feasting . Whichever , she is one happy girl when she sees the bag .
 Proof that you do n't need a new fangled , hyper-processed , corporate-manufactured product with sugar added to please your dog ! The only ingredient in these chews is dried sweet potato . My dog loves them . She 's a 50-pounder who can finish one of these in about 30 mins . It 's a great treat for her , so great that I 'm back to buy more .
 Good healthy food for my macaw and the only one he will eat . Quick shipment of the product ; honest vendor .
 We 've been feeding our 20 year old cockatoo Harrisons -LRB- at the advise of our avian vet -RRB- for 18 years . He likes it . He is healthy , happy and and does n't look a day over 5 . He 's eats about half the food and the other half is in his water dish . He always dip his food in the water before eating it . We call the water after a day of dipping Harrison 's Soup .
 I swear by Harrison 's bird foods , You will also see a huge difference in their feather quality and their colors will become more vibrant after a few months of using Harrison 's . Their health will improve drastically too . I have fed my birds on Harrison 's since they were babies . My birds LOVE the pepper coarse and it 's a nice change from the regular Harrison 's I feed them . Try Harrison 's other foods and treats . You wo n't regret it . Yes , it is more expensive , but well worth the money if you care about the health of your pet bird or parrot .
 I purchased a bag of Harrison 's after reading the product description and reviews on Amazon.com . My green wing macaw is a picky eater , and we feed him a variety of seed and pellet foods -LRB- as well as fruits , vegetables , pasta and other table foods that are safe for his breed -RRB- . I was impressed with the quality of Harrison 's , but most of all with the fact that my macaw enthusiastically eats it ! Highly recommended -LRB- but try the smallest possible bag first , in case your bird for whatever reason does n't take to it like mine did -RRB- .
 I have always used Harrison 's food for my parrot and my cockatiels.I use the coarse for the parrot , and fine for the ` tiels.They are all extremely healthy.The food always arrives in perfect , fresh condition , and lasts if you keep it properly stored.I wo n't feed them anything else.They wo n't eat anything else as far as manufactured bird foods go.I supplement their diet with treats of sweet potatoes , baby carrots and various other fruits and vegetables.I know I do n't have to feed them anything besides Harrison 's , because it is perfectly formulated and they could exist on just it , but I wanted to add a little variety to their diets.My birds and I are very well satisfied with Harrison 's , in all its permutations .
 My kitty fell in love with this . It has the added benefit of having a crackling noise whenever he bats it around , attacks it or just nuzzles it . I think he found his new best friend . : -RRB-
 Both of my cats love this toy . My 1yr old loves it because it makes noise when he chews on it , and they both love it because it 's full of catnip .
 This is one of the few toys that has withstood the test of time . My cats have had theirs for years . They are still in good shape & the cats still play with them from time to time . Well worth the investment !
 Lewis and his brothers have gone through 3 of the `` crackler '' frogs . The frog is the only one of `` fat cat toys '' that they truly enjoy . I think it may have something to do with the positioning of the frog 's legs and the fact that it 's not so bulky in the middle , making it easy for the boys to grasp . Unfortunately , I have not found the frog in stores for a few years , therefore am resulting in ordering the frog online .
 Fat Cat products are the only cat toys we will buy . We have a very strong cat that tears every other cat nip toy to pieces . The cat nip in these toys is strong enough that he can sniff them out right through the Amazon box -LRB- in fact if left unattended for too long he will do his best to open it himself by tearing the corner of the box apart -RRB- . This toy in particular is a great size for him to rub his face on and roll around with . Fair price and with Amazon prime it is unlikely you will find a better deal at your local store . Would also recommend theFat Cat Kitty Hoots Big Mama 's Scratchy Box Double Wide Purple -LRB- it currently comes with a free toy -RRB- .
 I had to replace the 7 year old one that she threw up on -LRB- she 's not very bright -RRB- and I was nervous that this one was a little different than the discontinued blue mouse Fat Cat Crackler she had but she loves this one just as much . She hugs it and kicks the crap out of it with her back legs until she gets tired and falls asleep hugging it -- pretty cute .
 My cats love this toy , I bought it for them for Christmas and they are still carrying it around and playing with it.However , the shipping charge was outrageous . This little frog could have been mailed from NJ to NYC in a packing envelope for under a dollar , but they chose to send via UPS and charged me almost $ 9.00 . I would buy several things from this vendor or take a pass .
 I bought this as Christmas present for my 4-legged `` grandchildren '' . It is enjoyed immensely and they give it 5 stars !
 The cats love to play with this frog , as long as they are not overexposed to it . I try to give them limited/supervised play time with catnip toys because I do n't want them developing a tolerance to them , but sometimes I forget . And when I pick this forgotten frog up off the floor , it is completely sodden with cat saliva . Gross , I know , but it is a sure sign that the cats are enjoying it immensely . It also makes a pleasant crinkling sound when the cats are chomping on it . As far as catnip toys go , they preferDr . Noys Cat Squirrel , but this frog is a good backup .
 The ball works great and the dog seems to like it . But the one we got had old batteries in it and it did n't work until we replaced them . It requires four small camera-type disc batteries , which cost nearly as much as the ball did .
 Pros ~ 1 . Dogs enjoy playing without the sound2 . Durable3 . good for all ages of dogs4 . Continues to amuse5 . Good problem solving toy , and every dog figures their own way of getting treatsCons ~ 1 . Voice recorder is annoying < take out the battery , works a lot better > 2 . The voice recorder comes out easy , assuming for easier cleaning however makes it easy for the dogs to get the treats3 . They like to play with them all night
 What a great product . All my pets love the Talk to Me Treat Balls I bought ! Those are another awesome gift and wicked durable . You 're going to love them ! My brother 's dog is blind and this ball made a world of different for him . Now he will have a longer life for sure ! I got the larger ball for a friend of my moms over in China and his dogs just love the Talk to Me Treat Ball!Thank you Amazon for such great product!Peg DriscollGilford , NH
 I got the large talk to me treat ball and there were 3 small button batteries and then a bigger one . Cant figure out where the bigger one goes . Light goes on If anyone knows let me know susha_40@yahoo.com
 FINALLY , a cat food that all 12 cats enjoy with smiles on their little faces !!!
 I found this DVD extremely helpful because I have always had LARGE , mixed breed dogs in my past . This little guy really threw me for a loop at first and this really did put to rest some of my anxieties . It covers the basics in an understandable and informative way .
 This video teaches you how to do simple , basic taming and training your bird . It also teaches you how to provide a safe environment for your bird . I recommend it for the new or inexperienced bird owner . If your a breeder this DVD is too easy for you . But for just about anyone else who has a cockatiel or will have a cockatiel this is a great DVD to start with .
 Cockatiel DVD + Bonus Video Train Your Bird to Talk was a great preview to our owning a cockatiel.It was simple to understand , yet thorough . The bonus video was a little disappointing . We expected morethan a list of words a cockatiel could be trained to say . The informative Cockatiel DVD has a place in our DVD Library .
 This is my dog 's favorite toy . She loves chewing on the knots and the sqeaker . After lots of use , she began to chew the threads off the top of the head and eat them , so we gave it a haircut and it 's still her favorite . Will definitely buy another when this one wears out .
 My 6months cockapoo loves this . He would pick this over all of his other toys ...
 Out of all the toys my spoiled cockapoo has , this one remains her favorite . They last a long time , but she uses it so much -LRB- every day -RRB- , I have replaced it several times .
 I gained some new insight to parakeet care , but felt it did n't go far enough in actual verbal training of the bird.On the whole , a worthwhile guide for a new parakeet owner .
 We are doing some construction work in the back of our house so our 2 rescue dogs could not run around in their fenced yard like they are used to . I ordered the harness because of advertising that it kept dogs from choking and pulling when being walked . It worked great . They did n't choke and I felt secure walking them in the front yard with the street nearby . I am so thankful I took the time and effort to order a harness for both of them .
 I bought this for my 11 month old pit bull pup . I have had 5 back surgeries and he was killing my back . Now ... I can walk with with ease . best money I ever spent .
 My problem Schipperkee that use to go to the end of the lead and pull no longer does it . Now he stops tugging and just walks like he is suppose to . The lead no longer gets tangled underneath since the harness keeps it on top of your pet.Thanks again .
 I have used this harness for 4 years now and it is getting ratty , thus the desire to acquire a new one.My dog has a sensitive throat area & collars are not desireable and cause coughing if used . This harness slides over the head & lays on her shoulders . Lifting each front paw will alllow the body of the harness to fall into place . Adjusting the slide will get the tightnerss desired . If you have a dog that pulls , this harness will get her to stop . My dog enjoys it so much that she will lift her paws & allow me to slip it over the paw & up to the belly area . I like the harness as it is very flexible nylon and is padded around the belly area . Others that I have seen just are too industrial & heavy duty .
 My dog loves these Cowabunga Rolls . It keeps her occupied while she tries to get the sausage out from the center . She chews on the outer rawhide for days afterward . Bad news is
 The Mobile pen 640 was delivered on time and easy to put together . It looks great in any room of my home . It is used for my pomeranian that weighs 4.5 lbs . . I use it for when she is left alone and when I can not supervise her so she stays safe . Love the pen 640 . I also purchased the larger model for my larger pom and Richell makes an excellent indoor pen on wheels that looks great and is easy to move around your home . Great service !!!! Thank you and five paws up !!!!!
 Arrived quickly . Pleasure to put together . 4 easy screws . Great instructions . My 3 pound Yorkie seems right at home there . Quality products . It rolls from wood floor to carpet without hesitation .
 This is a beautiful piece , a little smaller than expected . Was very easy to assemble , it only took a few minutes . I love the wood tone -LRB- color -RRB- .
 My husband and I bought this crate for our Yorkie puppy . It looks great and blends in with our furniture . I would agree with other reviews that it is nicer than it looks in the pictures . It is very well made with a plastic liner that it easy to clean . The fact that it has wheels is an added bonus .
 This is an excellent product for the price . I first found out about it when I saw it in a pet store which had a price tag of $ 189.00 . I almost fainted ! Who in their right mind would pay that much for a dog kennel . I decided to look to see if they had it advertised on Amazon and sure enough they did . I was able to purchase it for half the cost of the pet store . I was elated , however , my spoiled little Yorkie was devastated . How dare I put her highness in a `` dog kennel '' ! Consequently , she has adjusted nicely and relates it to her home away from home .
 My dog loves it , goes in by herself , plays with her toys in it and it looks like a piece of furniture as we keep it in the living room .
 this is a great crate . purchased it to replace a 6 year old wire crate . i really think my miniature dachshund loves this crate and thinks of it as home sweet home . looks pretty cool also . the wheels make it very versatile when cleaning the floors and wheeling it from room to room when necessary . great purchase !
 This is the best kennel we have bought . It looks really good with the decor . It blends in as a piece of furniture instead of a kennel . It 's very sturdy , easy to clean and my pet loves going inside . As one customer said , it would be nice to have a latch to keep the door open but , that 's a minor fix if you need to keep it open . Other than that its easy to clean and the rollers are a perfect feature .
 Purchased for yorkie puppy and could not be more pleased . This is a very good looking crate and with the wheels it easily rolls from room to room . Also easy to transport when traveling by auto . Serves as playpen for puppy when left alone . Caution
 Easy assemble . We have a new puppy so I like the top access . We do n't use the casters , but that 's a nice feature if needed . Door latch is solid and you know it 's secure . Wood frame gives unit a little nicer look for the room . For the higher cost it should have included a crate devide panel to make smaller for new puppies .
 I bought this for 2 toy poodles . It looks really nice in my kitchen , was a breeze to put together , and the tray at the bottom was easily removed and cleaned when needed , when the pups were only 2 months old .
 This was a great purchase . It not only looks nice and blends into your living space easily , but it also is secure and assembles easily.I would recommend this to anyone and am glad I invested in it .
 I really like this item . It 's nice looking , easy to wipe down the bottom . This was a replacement item and I was afraid I might be wasting money . But , this looks so much nicer . Glad I purchased !
 Great crate my 3mon old yorkie poo managed to escape from soft sided crate and out grew it . When the crate arrived the first night our pup looked like h had checked into a five star hotel with a king size bed lol . At night he ca n't wait to to get in . Excellent crate well constructed plenty of room in the medium size for my 10lb . Pup with plenty of room to grow .
 After loads of research , I finally purchased the smallest Richell Wood Mobile Pet Pen 640 for my Biewer Terrier puppy . She will be very small -LRB- under 5 pounds -RRB- and it is right sized for her . I was very pleasantly surprised on how nice this crate looks . It does n't bother me at all in my family room as the wood tones are warm colored and it does not stick out in a nicely furnished room . I agree with some of the other reviewers - it would be nice if there were a way to keep the door open . My solution ? I attached a black twist tie -LRB- below the crate pad , so she ca n't reach it -RRB- and just use it to keep the door open for her . Go ahead and order this one ... I bet you will love it too.Bonus ! I also purchased the K & H Lounge Sleeper Self-Warming Pet bed , 16 '' by 20 '' in mocha/green from Amazon . IT FITS PERFECTLY INSIDE ! Now the crate has become our puppy 's Princess Palace and she loves it .
 I just got it today , was easy to build by my self . It holds up nicely , and it looks so much better in person that in the default picture posted -LRB- i 've posted some of my cavalier king charles in the crate -RRB- . My dog is prob about 10 lbs or so , and its a perfect size for him . The wood looks so nice with the contrast of the black bars , really a nice piece . I love that it has wheels so i can move the crate around the apartment .
 Love the price , and the look . the wood finish looks appropriate in my living room so the dogs can relax when i am having guests in their ` space ' . Doors are always propped open so they come and go as they please . On the smaller crate I was hoping for a narrower door so the smaller dog -LRB- 8 lbs -RRB- could escape the larger -LRB- 24 lbs -RRB- when she wants to play . But she can get in there too . Otherwise they are perfect . Easy to put together .
 My wife and I bought two of these because we have two puppies . We have had them now for almost seven months . We and our puppies love them . The pens are easy to assemble and easy to clean . Everyone who sees them comments on how nice they are . The only minor problem is , since our dogs are puppies , when they are outside the pens they chew on the plastic housings that cover the wheels , so the brake on/off mechanisms are ruined . I have emailed Richell to find out if I can purchase replacements . But these are great pens . If we had a third dog we would buy another one .
 The picture does not do this crate justice . I wanted something that looked nice but would be chew proof . I just thought those solid wood crates would turn into one giant chew toy.The crate arrived in 2 days and I have to say it is the perfect mix of aesthetics and functionality .
 I bought this harness for my ferret . Now ... ferrets are n't really content with only being allowed limited space , since they 're nosey and all . With that said I have had a couple problems with them slipping out but only indoors . They 're getting used to them but I only put them on when they go outside now . They were more concerned with trying to get out than playing . I am really careful when I take them outside because once they realize they are there occasionally they will try to get out . If you have it on them properly and you 're paying attention you can quickly realize what they 're doing and stop them ! The only way they 'll learn it 's for their safety is if you teach them to leave it on . As everyone says , they 're just like a toddler . Oh and I love the little `` real '' bell . So cute !
 I used this harness for my kitten , who 's just a bit to small yet for a big cat harness . I 'm in the middle of leash-training him , and I could n't find anything small enough for him , but this one fits him perfectly ! It must be comfortable , because he has no problems napping in it , playing in it , and walking around in it with the leash attached .
 it fits my ferret perfect . you can adjust it just fine . looks good and he can walk just fine in it . really worth the money .
 i bought this for my ferret . its a good little harness except she CAN escape from it if she wiggles around under a pillow or against furniture even if its strapped down to the smallest setting . fair warning : -RRB-
 This is the second time I 've ordered from Sandia Pet Products . They have the best ferret harnesses for the best price . Fast shipping too ! I bought a green and blue harness from them a few months ago . I agree with the other review on here . It is kind of an orangy-pink which I do n't mind too much . I have a girl ferret and a male ferret and will be getting another male ferret . The male I have now fits perfectly into the harness with room to grow . My female ferret does n't fit into hers . She 's very petite . It 's okay though I just cut it and took a little section out and sewed it back together . Works great ! They do n't have smaller harnesses so I did n't worry about sending it back . Plus I could n't find any decently priced neon green ferret harnesses ! : -RRB-
 I gave this a four because the color was a little different that I expected . I was expecting blaze orange but the color is more orange-pink . But the color is very bright and very easy to see . Plus it has a bell on it so you can hear where the animal is when not directly attached to a leash . It is a H style harness with the buckle clasps sewn near the back strap thus the buckles do n't slip to under the belly . This harness fits very well around my male ferret and the size is very adjustable . Up to 8 inches around the belly and about 7 around the neck . I do n't think this harness would fit around large or chubby ferrets , however . I tried this on my girl who is a bit larger in both size and girth and I only had an inch of breathing room around the belly . So if you have a larger ferret and you are looking for a harness , measure around the ribs first to make sure this would fit .
 Love the color ! It was brighter than I was hoping for . Plus it has a bell on it so you can hear where the animal is when not directly attached to a leash . It is a H style harness with the buckle clasps sewn near the back strap thus the buckles do n't slip to under the belly . This harness fits very well around my male ferret and the size is very adjustable . Up to 8 inches around the belly and about 7 around the neck . I do n't think this harness would fit around large or chubby ferrets , however . I tried this on my girl who is a bit larger in both size and girth and I only had an inch of breathing room around the belly . So if you have a larger ferret and you are looking for a harness , measure around the ribs first to make sure this would fit .
 Fatastic Quality and fast shipping :] I purchased these for my Rats and they just need to grow into them a bit more but otherwise they 're fantastic ! AND THE COLORS ARE BEAUTIFUL !
 The hat fits pretty well . She is adorable wearing this hat . It does have a bit of a problem of falling in her face . I bought the sunglasses to go with the hat and the two together have made for quote a few picture moments .
 Fatastic Quality and fast shipping :] I purchased these for my Rats and they just need to grow into them a bit more but otherwise they 're fantastic ! AND THE COLORS ARE BEAUTIFUL !
 I was disappointed when I pulled out the red and white -LRB- instead of blue and white -RRB- tennis tugger ! I really wish that I was given the option to chose the product color ... Aside from that , this product seems very tough and it will surely survive the wear and tear of many tug games with your dog . Personally , I chose to cut off the rubber handle to prevent my dog from chewing it off and swallowing it.Obviously , this way it 's less comfortable for me , but better for the dog .
 Easily adjusted from very large down to teeny tiny , easily snaps and unsnaps w/out poking ferret , nice colors as pictured , and very cute ! Great deal .
 This harness works well for your lil furry thats on the go like mine . My lil guys get so excited when they know they are going somewhere , they just cant hardly wait . The latches are easy to clasp for esay attatchment , but , not too easy to un-clasp -LRB- believe me ... it works just right , dont want those lil guys to get out on the run -RRB- .
 This is a great cat toy that keeps my 2 cats busy for hours . I have lots of cat toys that one of my cats likes , but my more sedentary cat also loves this toy and will spend hours playing with it . The toy both springs and swings making for much entertainment . When the string gets tangled on the door , the cats will sit below it and cry for me to fix it . I do wish that it was a little more sturdy though . The cats have broken 2 of the plastic door hangers in the last 6 months . They cats grab it in their mouths and back up with it until it springs away . We have also had to replace the ball with another toy when the cats pull the yarn off of it .
 My kitten loves this toy . . it is favorite so far . the springing action excites him to grab it even more
 My cat Gemini loves to play with the ball with feathers . She likes to carry it around to me so I can play with her . She will either pull it along by the string or put the ball in her mouth and prance around . Great interactive toy .
 I bought two of these for my ferrets and will be buying more for my other two . The fit is amazing . They fit my 1 pound female kit and my 4 pound male so nicely that there will be no escape . They have been wearing collars up until today so they accepted the harnesses right away .
 I bought this harness for my ferret . Now ... ferrets are n't really content with only being allowed limited space , since they 're nosey and all . With that said I have had a couple problems with them slipping out but only indoors . They 're getting used to them but I only put them on when they go outside now . They were more concerned with trying to get out than playing . I am really careful when I take them outside because once they realize they are there occasionally they will try to get out . If you have it on them properly and you 're paying attention you can quickly realize what they 're doing and stop them ! The only way they 'll learn it 's for their safety is if you teach them to leave it on . As everyone says , they 're just like a toddler . Oh and I love the little `` real '' bell . So cute !
 I 'm always playing with my small dog -LRB- teacup poodle -RRB- and as a consequence my hand is in her mouth . I thought this would be an effective way to brush her mouth since she has familiarity -LRB- sp -RRB- with my hand . Alas the gloves are a little small for my hand but i can still get the forefinger in there for a scrub . I like this better than a tiny toothbrush and i get more accomplished . Recommended for medium to small hands
 excellent product that was delivered in a timely manner . Smooth transaction and I would definately purchase from this seller in the future !!!
 Totally love this product , its the only way we can brush our puggies teeth . Using these gloves are a whole lot better for smushy faced dogs then the finger tooth brush . Plus ca n't find these at the pet chain stores any more .
 I have three dogs of all different sizes . These dental gloves are by far the best thing around for brushing their teeth . They make it much less intrusive for the dog since all they see is your hand coming at them instead of a brush or those clunky red finger-tips that come with the toothpaste . Also , even though these are disposable , I have found that they can be used multiple times so do n't throw them away after the first use . These are well worth the money to reduce the stress on you and your dog when you brush her teeth . I am much better about regularly brushing their teeth now that I found this product and that is a good thing for their health and my wallet because it reduces the need for veterinary teeth cleaning .
 i purchased this harness as well as the red and pink ones -LRB- all made the same -RRB- . I was very satisfied . the company was very timely in sending it . the harness has adjustable neck and body slides , which come in handy with the fluctuating weight of my guys . love the colors and the durability . thanks !
 Though Merrick 's website says this treat is for large dogs I totally disagree . I recently bought one for my 13.5-pound dog and he LOVES it ! Though the treat is large it 's very lightweight . My dog never finishes a chew in one sitting since he has several bully sticks going at any particular time . This one will definitely be around for a while . I feel it 's worth every penny !
 The first review of this offends my little chi/terrier 's senses . He LOVES this thing -LRB- even though it 's a bit gross -RRB- and can carry it just fine across the room , into his crate , onto the bed . In fact , now that I think about it , it 's light enough -LRB- it 's very light ! -RRB- that a teacup could probably carry it/drag it around , too . Do n't underestimate the little dogs ! A perfect treat for any dog .
 I 've ordered from this company three times . The first two times I got my order with 24 moozles , just like advertised . Third order , I got only 1 moozle . A quick call remedied the situation and they did overnite the remaining 23 , but it was a hassle . It would appear this is happening to quite a few customers and I do n't understand why .
 I 'm still trying to figure out what people are saying here . 24 moozles at $ 66 = $ 2.75 ea . And yes that is each . But even at $ 2.99 each , that 's a deal compared to what I pay at my local pet supply . It 's $ 3.99 each there . So if I buy the 24 at $ 2.75 , that 's a savings of $ 1.24 ea even before taxes . Humn $ 1.24 x 24 = $ 29.76 . Do n't know where everyone has been shopping , but if you can find me a better deal , let me know . As soon as I get an extra $ 66 , I 'm biting on it - so to speak .
 I have a Bassett Hound , that nothing lasts more than a minute with . This is one item that does last a little longer . Not as long as I would like . But he loves them and they last about half an hour .
 Huge chew treat , not meant for little dogs . Perfect for giant breeds ; my mastiff , bullmastiff and shepherd usually take 15-30 minutes to devour this treat . As with all Merrick chew treats , sizes vary but Merrick is always a big hit w / my dogs - nice smokey aroma !
 I ordered 3 of these and they all work perfectly for my little furball ferrets . They are just right in size , and not too noisy , but still loud enough to hear them running . We had to feed the ferrets treats so they would hold still long enough to put them on , but that was alright . For a little while , the ferrets will rub against the floor and act strange , but it 's just because they are not used to them , so make sure to make them comfortable.Wonderful product , shipped very fast , and they fit perfectly with the just right amount of adjustment room .
 I bought two of these for my ferrets and will be buying more for my other two . The fit is amazing . They fit my 1 pound female kit and my 4 pound male so nicely that there will be no escape . They have been wearing collars up until today so they accepted the harnesses right away .
 I originally bought this harness for my 1 lb 2 oz chihuahua puppy . At her size normal dog harnesses would n't fit her , and on the smallest ones the hardwear is too heavy . I find this harness to be a good fit for her w/o any bulky hardwear . Also , I like how this one has 2 buckles . Most other harnesses require you to pull it over the dog 's head , then adjust it to fit , then buckle it . And to take it off you have to unbuckle it , readjust it , and then pull it over the head again . If you have a wiggly puppy like I do , you know this is difficult . I 'd guess this harness would fit a puppy up to 1.75 lbs . After that , it might get too tight around the belly . My puppy is now up to 1 lb 11 oz and it 's getting tight . I knew I 'd have to buy a different harness later , but I 'm glad I found something that fit her in the meantime .
 Well I really liked the cute color an its made very well so I think it will last my ferret a long time because of that an its adjustable.Its not hard for me to open either .
 Wonderful people to do business with , they care about making customers content . They worked with me to get the correct size harness I need and made a tandem coupler to match , generating an addition sale . Great people to interact with .
 Wonderful people to do business with , they care about making customers content . They worked with me to get the correct size harness I need and made a tandem coupler to match , generating an addition sale . Great people to interact with .
 My pet ferret wears a harness with a bell 24/7 so he can be located easily when he is out of his `` condo '' . He is also leash-trained . Harnesses thus need to be comfortable and adjustable and safe , have an attachment for a leash and his bells , and be accepted by the animal as well.Mr Woozle does not seem to be aware he is wearing a harness . The one time he managed to catch his harness on something , he was able to free himself even before I intervened , which is a good sign . This brand adjusts for seasonal fur thickness changes and fluctuations in weight and activity . Ferret fur tends to be slightly oily , and ferrets like to groom themselves often , and these harnesses stay looking new for a longer time period than most similar products . When the harness does start showing wear and tear , or looks `` fuzzy '' and faded , it 's simply time to get a new one.Most pet stores stock harness + leash combinations , but typically the harness shows wear and tear long before the leash . If you , like I , have a dozen brand new leashes already and do n't need another one , this harness is a good buy .
 I happen to reside close to this company in New Mexico but still had to acquire this product 3rd party , If I could I would give them 10 out of 5 stars . This company cares about their customers , & you get exactly what you pay for , Every Red Cent . Sandia Pet Co. is the best ! I have a very small female Ferret who we rescued The Sandia Pet Co. . Petite H harness fits like a glove . It is easily the same quality of similar 30 $ counterparts . Do not be deceived by price this is a very high quality product .
 I love this product and the ferrets do too , cheap , reliable , will always buy them and soo many colors to choos from
 I love it fits perfectly for my lil ferret Hes not a big fan of harnesses but he does n't really seem to notice he 's wearing one = -RRB-
 I have had severe trouble finding a halter for my female ferret who is very small . This halter fits and it does not fall apart like the neoprene ones that did manage to fit . Shipped fast , a quality halter that will last . I will definately give them the first shot at my business in the future . A professional experience .
 My three rats love it . It 's durable , adjustable , easy to put together . I did n't like the large ball so I did n't use it , but the rats like it anyway.It 's rather large but not huge .
 This is a great toy for ferrets . My girls spend countless hours chasing each other through the tunnels , as well as playing in it by themselves . They even occasionally sleep in the ball . Very well made , easy to assemble . Holds together very well , I can pick up the ball and the tunnels stay connected , but it 's easy enough to take apart and configure into different shapes which keeps them interested . They also use it as a hiding spot , I often find their toys stuffed into the tunnels . I plan to order more kits to create a much larger system .
 Our ferrets love to climb in and play in all kinds of unique places so when I saw this items I just had to gewt it for them . They have been having a blast with it and we 're thinking about buying more of the `` fun-nels '' to add on for more enjoyment . If your small pet loves to explore , this is the item for them .
 My ferrets love this tube kit but if you set it up how its shown in the picture , it falls over while their in it easy . I 've set the tunnels up in many different ways and my ferrets are always interested to play in them . Right now I have most of the tunnel pieces set up inside of my ferrets `` Ferret Nation '' cage so they can play in the tunnels together when I 'm not there to let them out of their cage . The tunnel kit is a little hard to put together and take apart but well worth it and the tubes are very strong .
 I understand that the way they package and ship is it to be efficient and save space , but it 's a real P in the A to put those tunnels together . They also do n't stay together very well . And when I pick up the whole thing to move it , the tunnels all break off of each other -LRB- poor connectors -RRB- and I have to re-connect them . So I wish they were better quality in that aspect as well . Other than my own stresses with it , the ferrets love to play in it , so I guess it serves its purpose .
 We have rats and they love running through the tube and poking their heads out the ball . They ca n't climb up the tube in the set up in the picture because it 's too steep , or they just do n't want to , but we configure it so it lays flat on the floor and they run through it and have a lot of fun in it . I am sure a ferret would have no trouble getting through the tubes as pictured . It 's been a fun toy for our rat girls .
 My little guy has had so much fun with this . It has been used and used and chewed on and holding up great !
 My ferrets love this item . they will push and pull it all over the house . They also love it when i change the tubes around . Awesome product !
 This is one of the most wonderful items for ferrets and rats ! It can be rearranged any way you want to , and you can get more sets to create an even more fun time for your small pets . Its sturdy , it has ventilation holes , and it comes apart completely for cleaning . I had a set for my pet rats , and they loved it . now i have a ferret , and she really likes running around in it and hiding her favorite toys in it.I highly recommend this product , and it can fit in some of the larger cages , too . You just cant go wrong with this , its fun for your pet and it fun for you to watch them play with it .
 I have a very large cage -LRB- theMidwest Critter Nation Animal Habitat with Stand , Double Unit , 36 Inches by 24 Inches by 63 Inches -RRB- for my rats and I got these tubes to go inside it . The rats love to hang out in these tubes and even nest in them . Fun colors , too . I arranged them so the rats can use the tubes to climb from one level to another , so they get a lot of use . The tubes themselves are very sturdy , but I 'm taking away one star for the connector rings , which are somewhat flimsy . We broke one already disconnecting it from the tube for washing . Still , if you have lots of ratties , these are a must have !
 i currently have two rats ; Fletcher and Furgus . as soon as i saw these tubes and all the good reviews i decided it would be a good idea to try them out . i ordered them and my 2 buddies wont stop running in and out of them ! these groovey funnels are really durable and create much fun for your little critters . i definatly recomend you order this item if you have an adventurous rodent who loves to explore :-RRB- .
 We currently have two rats and have had guinea pigs . These tubes are great for both . Both sets of pets enjoyed exploring and hiding in the mazes we created for them . The tubes are relatively easy to clean and durable . The connector are not as durable so keep that in mind when connecting and reconnecting the tubes .
 I am not sure which the ferrets liked best the box or there new toy but the tunnels has lasted lots longer and i have had great fun changing it around and hiding a little nutragel and now the ferrets first thing is to check just to make sure there is nothing to find and then often running through because they can or hiding in wait for one of there friends always a big laugh.Am thinking of getting another one so I can play with it more and take over more of the house .
 We ordered this for 2 of our younger ferrets , they absolutely LOVE it ... Even one of our cats tried to get involved in play time and climbed into the ball . The kids love it because they can keep changing the `` design '' so the ferrets dont get bored . Awesome product !
 Length :
 My dogs are just shy of obsessed with this toy . -LRB- Lab mix and large mutt -RRB- . They will play for hours ! My only complaint is the availability/price . It seems expensive for the size . For us it is a worthwhile purchase because the dogs choose not to destroy it immediately to rip out stuffing like other plush toys .
 The only dog toys that stand up to time . Have had this mouse and the octopus for about 5 years of fun play . They wash well without stopping the `` squeak '' !
 Oly has an obsession with `` babies . '' she does n't usually destroy them , at least not on purpose . She has had some for years . I brought home `` Mickey Ratt '' because I know she especially likes this size toy . She LOVES him . She carries him around , likes to fetch him , and even lays down with him and sucks on him , like a baby with a pacifier . I 'm sure she 's really nibbling on him somehow , but it 's the funniest-looking thing . I 'll try to post a video . Oly loves the crinkle noise and the squeaker . I 'm super tickled that she loves the octopus , which I just bought last weekend , even MORE . She nibbled off bits of Mickey Ratt 's ears and legs , but he 's mostly intact still ; his tail is handy for when we have to toss him at fetch , so we do n't have to grab his sopping-wet body . Likewise Inky 's arms . Oly does n't drench his arms so much , so we can huck him across the room by the dry-ish arms . She usually fetches him for a few tosses , then goes off by herself to suck on him for a while . I hope everyone 's dogs love these little guys as much as Oly does !
 I have purchased at least 8 of the Bow Wow Beanies . They have held up really well to all that the dogs do to them . No matter which one I give the dogs they love it . I have small dogs and the small size is perfect . They really like the crinkly sound they make . The toys also have the traditional squeekers but the crinkle sound is their favorite . Before these came out I would buy cat toys that made that sound but did n't like the idea that they had cat nip in them . I hope they never stop making them .
 Our dogs -LRB- Chihuahuas -RRB- have used these toys before ... they are , virtually , indestructible and hold up well in the washer and dryer . Prior to discovering Ty toys , my dogs would tear apart every plush toy we bought them -LRB- we wasted more money on inferior products -RRB- . As a footnote , our dogs have never had a `` favorite toy '' ; now , at three `` plus '' years , they 're stuck on Ty ! They , especially , love the Mouse .
 My dog , a shorkie -LRB- half yorkie half shih tzu -RRB- LOVES this toy . I am planning on buying more so that he will always have one . The crunchy sounds and the squeaker , make playing with the toy a pleasant audible experience , while the ears , tails , whiskers , and appendanges allow him to play with various parts . It is so adorable when we play fetch with `` Squeaks '' and Dobler -LRB- my dog -RRB- comes back with the toy by the tail the remainder dragging behind him . It was especially adorable when he first came home and the toy and the dog were close in size !
 Gave this to my 4-month-old puppy . I spread some peanut butter inside so she would really work at it . Well , she 's been going at this for over half an hour and has barely made a dent in it , so I know it will last for hours ! It was too expensive on amazon , so I got mine at petco for about half the price .
 this door replaced an old one and is great . stops the wind !!!!!!! and it works for my 80 lb dog as well as my 27 lb dog . is clean looking .
 I have the x-large size and our Bernese Mountain Dog loves this door . It did n't take him long to get comfortable with it.The 2-part flap system has magnets on all sides that hold the two piece flap together and to the metal -LRB- steel ! -RRB- frame . I do n't agree with the other reviewer that a slight breeze could open it - it would take a stiff breeze or gust . My location is somewhat protected however . I like this flap better than the classic friction-fit version . The flap does make a sharp metallic click-clack noise after the dog enters . I would n't recommend installation in or near a bedroom for that reason . We find it useful to know when the dog goes in or out . I installed this into the wall rather than a door , which works fine but this version is not expressly designed for that purpose . The quality of the fit and finish is very good . The metal door used to block access is strong , but rather heavy in the x-large size.Nit : It 's difficult to figure out which door to get and to plan installation as the description does n't provide detailed sizing info - for example the true rough-opening required rather than just the door size . This applies to all petsafe doors .
 Let 's take 5 minutes to say that I love Leopard , and so does my little yorkie `` Angel Pie '' . My room is done in a leopard motif and Angel Pie had such a hard time jumping on the bed , I had to find the perfect steps . Believe me I searched and searched and finally I found this !!! Top notch all the way !!! It is made by hand -- solid wood construction -- extremely sturdy and the quality is OUTSTANDING !!!!!!!!!!!! You must get this product if you are a true leopard lover !!! Thanks to Amazon for helping me find it !!!
 I have several tanks and several different filters . This one works great . Mine is old and still extremely reliable . Easist to clean and requires little maintenance of any kind . Filters are easy to clean and re-use . My skimmer tube is plugged and not needed . Self starting always which is a must . . Never a problem.I have less trouble with this old unit than with my other pumps . When power goes I have to check the others , often fill them and mess with them to get them restarted . Not this unit , it alway re-starts . You need something you can depend on to restart and this one is most dependable and quite . Simply one of the best
 This is my first aquarium and the skilter was recommended to me . It has Been running a month now and I havent had any issues , also it is easy to clean .
 I UPGRADED THE 250 TO A 400 IMPELLER ; SKIMMER WORKS SUPER EVEN BEFORE BREAK-IN PERIOD , THE BIGGEST PROBLEM WITH THE 250 IS NOISE AND POOR SKIMMING ; NOISE STILL WITH UPRADE BUT NOT AS loud ; i use the skilter for extra filtration , water movement and extra skimmer
 I purchased this mini cozy bed for our pet rats and they love it . Given that they are medium sized two can almost snuggle in but it is really best for just one . They are so happy with it we are going to get another . It is sturdy and they have not chewed away at . It is not placed on the floor of the cage rather on the upper level which gets them away from the smell of the bedding etc. . They are fastidious about it and rarely even put food in it . Plus you can wash it if needed .
 This is a good bed becides it is a little to big . But no other compliants . Recommended for cages with two or more pets . But buy it and you will be satified . And worth the money .
 These little pet snuggles are wonderful . wish I had purchased two . Reponse quick amd purchase more than I expected . Price was much less than pet stores , and I have n't been able to find them this small . thanks so much .
 i like this little bed that i 'm going to order 2 more for my hamsters . it came to me really fast than it suppose to . my hamster , buster , loves it he sleeps in it like an angle . i would recommend this to a hamster that is use to a bed .
 The family pet , Biscuit , seems to love his new cozy cup . He snuggles up in it and falls asleep , so it must feel safe and comfortable for him . Only thing I do n't like about it is that it looks nothing like the photo . Granted it says colors vary , but I would have preferred something less colorful .
 I bought 3 of these beds . 2 for my guineas and 1 for my dwarf hamster . My dwarf hamster LOVES it . Even though it 's a little on the big side she feels cozy in it . Both my guineas tried to fit in it and it kinda worked , but i thought they would have like a cushion in it cuz it looks like that pig is higher BUT it doesnt . All three of my animals are girls so the colors i got were awesome . 2 brown with blue dots . & 1 pink with lime green dots . My Chinchilla however can NOT fit in this . He is full grown . Well anyways i was pretty satisfied with the overall outcome . Not super fast shipping but fast enough : -RRB-
 This does not hold 3 animals , like the picture . But I have only 1 guinea pig . She fits perfectly , and runs in a small circle around the inside . But she is only 3 months , so adult guinea pigs may not fit inside . It is very cosy for her , and she naps there .
 It arrived on time ; however , was a little smaller than I imagined . The picture shows that 3 critters can fit inside of it , but neither of my guineas will fit . But my guinea peanut butter uses it as a pillow and absolutely loves it !
 Purchased this cozy cup for my hedgehog . Seems like a great product , I 'm not sure how well he will like it yet -LRB- have n't gotten him yet -RRB- , but a great place for him to hang out or sleep in . Love the color -LRB- got the brown one pictured -RRB- . Overall I am happy with the product and excited to see how my hedgie likes it !
 I bought this for our baby guinea pig who loved it until he outgrew it . He would continue to try to squeeze into it until all he could do was just hang out of it . We eventually bought a bigger cup but this smaller cup seemed better made and sturdier . It has a small metal clasp that you can clip onto the cage so that it does n't move around . It is also machine washable . I ended up giving this to a friend whose rat immediately loved it on the first night . If you are worried about the design , I say whatever it is , the quality of the cup is well worth it ... and your little friend will thank you .
 I have two three month old female rats , and they love this . They can both fit in it with room to spare , and they seem very warm and cozy . Good quality for the price , although the colors vary - I got a brown and blue polka dotted one . Otherwise , the product was no different than I expected .
 My pig was crazy about his sleeper when he received it . I looks very good and is easy to wash . Unfortunately my pig grew out of it very soon . It fits only hamsters and baby guinea pigs I believe
 purchased this item and had to throw it away on the same day ; gerbils chewed it up and i was so excited to give this to them too . son arrived home from school and commented on all the , '' ... blue fuzz ... '' and i told him not to worry . then , i went and saw for myself , sigh .
 My rattie -LRB- Pickle -RRB- adores these little pet beds , and he sleeps much better when he 's tucked inside . The first one I got him he utterly demolished -LRB- it was a brown and blue one -RRB- , but the second one I received -LRB- it was pink and green -RRB- he did not chew up , rather just chewed along the bottom to make a hole so he could go in and out of it -LRB- he likes to turn his side ways or flip it over so its like a cave -RRB- . When I read the reviews I was a little worried it would be too small but it is the perfect size for one rat and gives them a nice little warm place to hide in . They 're very affordable and honestly will be the best thing you could get for your little critter :3
 My critter of choice is rats and I have had many through the years and have always purchased these cups for them . They love them since they feel secure and they can shred them up . Buying them through Amazon has been the best since the large pet stores never keep them in stock only the large ones for ferrets which are illegal in CA ; go figure .
 I installed this skimmer/filter 2 weeks ago & am happy with it . Space is limited for my 44 gal . corner tank so I need to combine functions whenever possible . The skimmer portion IS noisy , hence only 4 stars , but after installing an air stone in the skimmer instead of using the Venturi port , that 's no longer a problem .
 I would like to start this review saying that I have 20 years under my belt when it comes to aquariums and this is by far an old school filter and sometimes the old style things work better then new things I 'm using this filter in a 20 gallon aquarium and it just fits I have in this aquarium a yellow perch a channel catfish and a koi planning to put them in a 55 gallon when they grow to a larger size then after that a 125 gallon tank but back to the filter works very well the protein skimmer is noisey for most people but can be quite with a 1 inch air stone it tells you in the paper that comes with the filter how to do that some filters say they do how ever many gallons and are not true this filter dose do 400 gallons per hour and if not using protein skimmer is very quite from my 20 years of having aquariums and aquarium filters this filter is by far the best power filter I have ever used and dose not make to much current for fish that are small this filter is well worth the price and at 64.99 that is the cheapest I have seen online compered to all other web sites this is the best price buy this filter for freshwater or for saltwater if you know anything about good filtering you will love this filter last but not least this filter is made in the USA not china .
 The Skilter is a good power filter for fresh or salt water aquariums . However the skimmer will only work with salt water tanks ; Do not expect it to work with freshwater.The airline should be checked weekly to make sure it is connected and the airline filter is not clogged . This is a good second filter for tanks 40gal and up .30 gal and lower a good primary filter .
 Flea Relief works well as a natural alternative to the drugs now on the market . For pet owners who want to keep their pets flea-free without using harsh chemical products .
 I have used this product before after a beach trip and the rotties came home with fles . It worked great !!!!! I needed it again this year and was so happy after not finding in the stores to see it on amazon . It works , but not over night but there is no harmful chemicals like the commercial ones that effect nerves of the flees so what does it do to my dog ? Try it ! I also tried the out door power/spray and it work great
 A super product to keep your pets from itching and scratching . It 's all natural and not a drug .
 Dr. Goodpet 's Scratch Free was a good product to relieve my cat 's allergy symptoms . I used this product in conjunction to changing my cat 's diet . He showed improvement within two to three days . This was a good alternative for my cat who is sensitive to medication .
 Great product . Durable , good quality catnip to excite any cat , and the Mouse design is hard to find so it was good to find it here .
 I started buying this product for my cats after reading about how the body is less able to digest food and obtain health benefits from it due to age -LRB- most of my cats are 8 years plus -RRB- and the effects of cooked food in general -LRB- cooking destroys natural enzymes -RRB- . I am happy to say that my cats are all very healthy at their ages and those who had a tendency to yak up hair balls and undigested food are doing so MUCH less frequently -LRB- every once in a while versus daily -RRB- . This has also decreased my use of paper towels and laundry soap . : -RRB-
 My vet prescribed digestive enzymes for my 8-year-old cat Bert , who suffers from irritable bowel disease . We tried many different feline enzymes -LRB- and spent a lot of money on them -RRB- before finding one Bert would actually eat mixed in with his food . The white powder is completely odorless and apparently tasteless , and it is the only enzyme product I am able to get into him . It has helped him a great deal . He 's slowly started gaining back some weight , and his digestive upset episodes are much less frequent . There are other quality cat enzymes available , but I highly recommend Dr. Goodpet Feline Enzymes if you are having trouble getting your taste-sensitive cat to eat his enzymes . I should also mention that all 3 of my cats will eat it in their food , a true testament to its being pallitable !
 I use this powder in addition to the grain-free dry food to help my cat digest his food . I just add it to the dry food and the white powder lightly coats the kibble . There really is no odor or smell to it , my cats could definitely see there was a difference , but have n't stopped eating their food because of it . No more diarrhea or gas issues with my IBS cat , I highly recommed this product over the forti flora packets .
 My cat has a nodular pancreas , and at her advanced age we are going with palliative care . This product supports better digestion function .
 I have been using this product for a while and although IMHO it is very good , it was n't the magic bullet I had hoped for with and IBS cat . I still use this product with every feeding -LRB- and I just ordered more -RRB- along with pro and pre biotics . After pulling my hair out with this little guy for so long , with vomiting , and loose stools and not wanting to eat , I found a combination of things that are working . We 're still on the journey , but he is eating , not vomiting and diarrhea seems to be gone . I 've started a blog about this journey if anyone is interested . Living with a Cat with Inflammable Bowel Disease , Bloggy Stuff .
 My cats are very picky and I did ` nt think they would eat their food with this on it , but they absoulutly love it , and I feel better knowing I 'm heallpoin with their health .
 I buy it allll the time for my kitties . It is so helpful for their digestion i hope all cat people search google and read about the digestive enzymes .
 Excellent product to help keep your cat 's digestive system working well . Helps with problems like Intestinal Bowel Disease and even helps pass hairballs !
 The filter does what it is made to do . You can even stretch the life of these by replacing the charcoal instead of replacing the entire filter . But eventually , you do need a replacement .
 I always used buy these from psmart at a higher price . Decided to look into amazon and found $ 3 cheaper than competition . With amazon prime , it is the best choice . Product itself works as designed to be . Great deal here at amazon .
 This product is great to service your Biorb product . It helps to maintain a healthy and clean environment for your fish .
 This product works great as it is supposed to . It comes with easy to follow instructions .
 I 'm not sure what constitutes this as a `` Service Kit '' . This included a replacement filter for the biorb -LRB- which works great -RRB- , two sample packets of water conditioner , and a tiny piece of material to rub algae off the sides of the tank . Good if you want a filter , but offers little else .
 Changing the filter on my biorb is very simple , everything is included in the package and the instructions are clear .
 I 'd only ever bought my filters from Petsmart , and since I went to college and brought my fish tank with me , it 's easier and cheaper to buy it online . I was nervous that somehow it would be different from the kinds at Petsmart , but it 's exactly the same filter , cleaning cloth square , and tank chemicals .
 This was a terrific value and it hleps having the extras on hand since I never seemed to have any filters when I really needed them .
 These filters are what I need for my biOrb aquarium . They last quite awhile and keep my aquarium looking clean and clear .
 Its a standard kit - nothing too special - does the job - comes with only one use items . . would have been nice to have more water treatment satchets - and maybe another filter . It does the job .
 I bought my biOrb at Petsmart and they do not carry the service kits anymore . Thankful I could order more than one kit to have on hand as it does not replacement frequently -LRB- depends how much light hits biOrb -RRB- .
 I change these filters on my 16 gallon every 4-6 months so the expense is well worth it . I do it just to keep the aquarium looking good.Good price , and free shipping . Will continue to buy these here .
 I replace my biOrb filter system only about every 4-5 months ; my biOrb tank continues to stay clean and algae-free . Amazon.com makes ordering quick and easy , with competitive pricing .
 It was exactly what I needed , and it shipped very quickly . I would definately recommend this to a fellow biorb owner
 You do n't really need the chemicals that come with it though . Also , you can let this filter go for about 3 or 4 months before changing so long as you keep up with water changes and do n't overstock the tank .
 Works well ! Have n't had a problem with it since its a orignal product from Biorb , I would buy it agian !
 We have a biorb and the filters require frequent changing . The service kits are very reasonably priced and much easier to replace than changing all the chemicals yourself .
 Droll Yankees has my undying loyalty . I recieved as a gift , one of these thistle feeders many years ago . After years of use the tube did become brittle and cracked . I took them up on their lifetime warranty offer and mailed the broken one back to them . In a short time I had a clean , refurbished , good as new feeder.But , I have a confession . Before I sent my feeder for repair my head was turned by a glitzy -LRB- and expensive -RRB- copper feeder made by another company.I soon found out it was poorly designed and allowed moisture to get into the thistle seeds and create a moldy , clumped mess . While trying to use this other feeder I probably wasted enough seed to pay for it all over again.You ca n't go wrong with the Droll Yankees feeder . The design is right . Seed stays dry and the feeder is easy to fill .
 The parts are excellent quality , built for a lifetime . Unlike copper tops , the stainless steel top works smoothly and the feeder is easy to fill.For the price , I 'd expect some missing features . - A tray or dish on the bottom of the feeder . Goldfinches feeding on thistle seed invariably cause uneaten seeds to fall , either to the ground , or to a little bottom dish that I added . There are always one or two finches grubbing around the dish for morsels , essentially adding two feeding stations ! - A longer grain tube . There is only about 4 '' between the top of the grain tube and the first two feeding holes . Often the finches eat that much food before noon , so there is no more food available in the top holes . Four more inches would be so much more convenient , i.e. a 20 # tube for the same number of holes and perches . - It would be nice to have three or four feeding stations on each level . Goldfinches are small and social . I 'm sure they would n't mind the company . As it is , most members of even a small flock spend too much time waiting for a feeding spot.So , I 'd recommend this feeder , but Droll Yankees should get the details right to justify the high price .
 This tank is good but the only bad thing about it is it does n't have a top . Other than than it is nice and last long
 hi . this produt and the company , entirelt pets are awsome . the nutri cal is good on my dogs . they love it .
 Our two cats love these Boogie Mats , had to get each one their very own because when one got on it to play they would n't share so , now they each have one.Put fresh catnip in and they have a terrific time ... J Anthony
 This is a fun product for your cat . If your cat likes catnip , then they will love the boogie mat . The mat comes with a bag of nip , but it is n't very potent so you may want to add a little more . My cats do n't play with it as much as I thought they would , but they do love to chew on the tassels . You should get this only if your cat is crazy about catnip !
 This product is quite possibly the best thing to have ever been invented . It 's easy to clean , very soft with a fleecy cushion inside , & comes with a packet of Zoom-Around-The-Room catnip . Open the zipper , take out the packet , sprinkle some nip inside & zip it back up . Then watch the fun begin ! Watch out , though . If you 've got more than 1 cat , you might want to get a Boogie Mat for each one . Or if you 're the type to like smack-downs , do n't . I can guarantee that there will be a waiting line to get at the mat or wrestling contests for it 's possession . Super product !
 I 've had to sew the ball three times since purchase . My little dog is rough on toys and this one has opened in several places . It has a tough squeaker which is great for her .
 I do n't think the stuffing stayed in very long , but my dogs loved it and tried to be the first to have it as soon as it was opened .
 My dog loved the soccer balls . I gave one to her and am keeping the other 2 back for a later treat . She loves to play soccer and chase after the balls . Thanks for your great service .
 These are our 6yr old Yorkie 's favorite toy . We used to buy them at our local grocery store , but they no longer carry them . It 's great to find them online , and at a better price !
 My pup and big dogs love playing with this stuff toy . I bought a few of them . Every dog loves a squeaker ball .
 These are the only treats my Yorkie will eat . First introduced by her vet at a ridiculous price . They keep her teeth super white and she never has doggy breath . I only rated 4 stars because they 're not made in the USA . I get 5 packages through Amazon for the price of one at the vet .
 Toy Poodle loves the chews . She stands in front of the kitchen cabinet until we give it to her every evening . The vets at the practice we take her to always comment on how clean her teeth are and for the Toy Podle breed that is unusual . We credit it that to her chew habit .
 I 'm not very good with brushing my dogs ' teeth so as our vet recommended I give them one Care Chew after each meal . These are quite expensive in the vet 's office but I buy them thru Amazon and can save as much as $ 2 if I shop around .
 I could not disagree more with the other reviews . I am staring at this thing right now IN AWE . No arm movement ? Puhhhh-lease . It is the perfect amount of arm movement for a skeleton drinking alcohol while supporting himself on a barrel . To be fair , I can not confirm it 's a male other than the testosterone-soaked derby he 's sporting like a champ -LRB- bones look the same people ! -RRB- . Back to the arm movement . First , he 's drunk . When you 're hammered you tend to start to take a sip then kind of wobble a bit then put the bottle down and try not to puke . Am I right ? OR maybe he starts to drink the drink then realizes he 's a skeleton and has no upper or lower GI tract . But it 's even more fun to picture him thinking , `` HOLD MY HORSES ! I ca n't digest alcohol , this will just run down my spinal column and drip on the floor . WHAT AM I THINKING ?!? I should n't even raise this to my mouth . `` No , there are no bubbles . Fair point.As for tubing , I added some as a noose around his neck . You think a drunken skeleton is fun ? Try a drunken SUICIDAL skeleton . It will blow your mind while upping your fish tank coolness quotient by about a billion . Ladies , I will show you this FOR FREE.I did take away one star simply because I am saving a perfect score for drunken skeleton the sequel . Just thinking about it makes me want to tear off my skin and jump in a pool while choking down mass quantities of booze , yet still keeping my arm movements to a minimum . You listening Activair ???
 I have a 30 gallon aquarium so I wanted something new and different . This ferris wheel is good at providing air to the fish . The only thing I wish it did was go faster than it does.I have yet to see any fish take a ride on it ... hehe ...
 This product fits nicely into the hole in my littermaid litterbox . I have two cats and one or both like to dig to china after finishing and end up getting litter all over . This product helps keep the litter in the box . I am glad a purchased it.That being said it could use some improvements . 1 -RRB- It would be nice if it fit into the litter box more securely . If it gets bumped it will come out of the holes in the litterbox and not give the cats enough room inside the tent . 2 -RRB- It should be a bit taller / wider . My cats are pretty big and it looks a little cramped in there . Sometimes this leads to them going outside the front of the box .
 This probably the best cover you can get for the littermaid box . Fits well and still provide enough privacy . My cat had adjusted to it within a few days .
 Item does exactly as described . I was a little sadden by the over all quality of the cover compared to the main litter box , but it does as advertised and covers our box fully . I could see issues with very large cats , but it does seem to fit fairly snuggly over the top so it should n't come lose easily .
 Awesome cover for the litter box . It fits perfectly and dresses up the litter box . It also makes the room look a bit nicer so you do n't have to look at the cat 's pee or poop .
 I ordered a replacement Kabana Canopy . What I received was not meant for the model I had , but the seller was happy to refund .
 this product works great . its power dosent always work to strong and i have to help it by loosing the clump . other than that it works great . its totally worth it and if i ever need to i would buy another !
 Great toy ! My budgie Jake loves this one . The female , Stella , pays little attention to it , but she does n't really spend much time on anything that does n't involve chewing and destroying ! If your bird has a thing for mirrors or moving parts , they will love it . He has a round mirror that turns on an axis and has colored beads that roll around inside the hollow outside edge . It sort of reminds me of a baby rattle . He could sit for hours playing with it , but i believe this roulette wheel is quickly becoming a new favorite ! You ca n't really tell from the picture , but there 's a little silver ball enclosed in the wheel part that gives it the distinctive roulette wheel sound . The only downside would be that I would n't recommend submerging this toy when you wash it . Though I only wiped it off with a wet paper towel before giving it to him for the first time , it does n't appear that the part with the ball in it would be water tight . Since I really like to scrub their toys , that bugs me a little ; other than that , great toy !
 Bought these for our little , very hairy dog . We use cow clippers that are noisy on his body but these are for the neck and up . They are almost noiseless , very light weight , and very easy to use . They do a great job and best of all , no cord ! Worked great and our dog actually stood still while using .
 I actually bought this item to cut my children 's hair . My uncle once recommended pet clippers because they are more durable . I had an earlier version of these Wahl clippers many years ago . When I needed to replace them , I could n't find this precise rechargeable product and wasted a lot of money on `` salon '' clippers in the interim . I 'm glad to be back with clippers that actually hold their charge , do the precise trimming , and make maneuvering easy because they 're cordless .
 For some reason these clippers are hard to find , so I was very pleased to find them on amazon . They are great , and I love to use them .
 I bought this for my poodle mix dog and I am extremely happy with it 's performance . I was surprised at how easy it was to groom my own dog ! I 'll save a lot of money . He did not mind the shaving process at all and it is wonderful to be cordless ! You wo n't regret purchasing this item .
 This is a great product . The battery wears out at about the same time my Lhasa Apsos get tired of sitting relatively still . It beats paying costly grooming bills and the hassle of keeping appointments . It takes a bit of practice to get them looking as good as the groomers do but the good thing is that the hair grows back and you get to start again . I use this clipper on my two dogs , and about four others in my neighborhood . Love it . Cordless makes it easy to move with the wiggly dogs too!Update
 This is a great little machine , quite powerful , and less noisy than some of the other clippers . Seems to hold a charge quite well , too .
 Used once on our Multipoo dog , so far so good . Dog was n't afraid of clipper sound , as noise was minimal . Cordless is the way to go . Overall , will save us $ $ . Found video helpful , as this was our first time at grooming .
 Although a bit bulkier than I expected . THese clippers work great . Good for both long and short hair breeds . The battery / cord options are wonderful , although the battery charge holds no longer than 30-40 minutes . Would still recommend .
 I have a small dog -LRB- chihuahua / cocker spaniel mix -RRB- , but he has very thick hair and needs to be groomed regularly . I 'd tried a few other sets of clippers and all were a pain to use . I 'd have to constantly turn them off , take off the guard , clean them , put the guard back on , and start again . These Wahl clippers are great ! What used to take me over an hour to do can now be done in 15 - 20 mins . They cut through his thick hair with no issues . The only downside to these is that the battery will only last about 20 - 25 minutes on a full charge . You can still use them with A/C power when the battery dies though . The cordless feature is a plus , but I mainly wanted clippers that would cut well and make my job easier . I 'm more than satisfied with this product .
 I already cut the hair of my two little dogs ... and believe me I did it !!! because this clipper is ideal for little dogs ... they stay in place while you clip them , because there is no big noise and they feel secure ... is wonderful ... merci
 I have a long haired Jack Russell and have been using a corded Conair trimmer for the past 6 years . It routinely takes me about an hour plus to get his hair trimmed up . The first time I used this new Wahl trimmer , I was shocked at how much more efficient it was . It cut -LRB- pun intended -RRB- the time for Mr. Moose 's haircut down to 20 minutes , and did a wonderful job ! The cordless feature is a great bonus feature as well . After reading the previous reviews , the only reason I almost passed on this particular trimmer is the review that stated that the attachments kept popping off . I had no problems along those lines whatsoever , or any other problems with this trimmer . Highly recommended !
 These clippers work well on my Bichon and also the Cockapoo . The charge lasts quite a while , and its great not to have to work around a cord . They 're quiet enough not to bother the dogs .
 The previous set of electric clippers we had quickly bogged down and overheated in our border collie 's thick fur . These are quiet and cut smoothly and easily . Additionally , the plastic clip-on combs cover the entire metal plate of the blade , keeping the hot metal away from our dog 's skin . If you have a small dog whose coat is not very thick , you can probably get by with less expensive clippers , and there may be others that are better for professional groomers , but for someone who just wants to clip their own pet , these are a great buy .
 We have an Airedale ... very curly haired dog . The clippers worked excellently , no clogging , no muss , no fuss . Quiet motor , no scare . Nice cut !
 I do n't think I 've seen a review for someone who used this on a cat so mine may be the first . The clippers are smooth and quiet so that my normally skittish cat actually sat through the whole session without even a meow . However , one complaint is that the attachment blades do n't really do much . I just used the clippers bare with no attachment . Needless to say , my cat looks insane , but at least his hair is gone and he does n't seem to mind at all .
 I purchased this and used it twice on my Bichon Frise . I usually scissor clip my dog and it takes a long time and I dont get a really even cut . Prior to scissor cutting my dog I did buy a clipper set but it broke the first time I used it , It could not handle the fur and jammed and heated up . Well this set is great ! Grooming my dog is fun again and running the shears through his coat is like butter , goes through easily and gives a nice smooth appearance to his coat . It also does not take much time . I even watched the video and did learn a lot , I know that I supposed to run the shears up and down following the ribs and I did not know that before -LRB- yeah well I never claimed to be a good dog groomer ! -RRB- . But now Buster looks fantastic , maybe not AKC EUKANUBA winner fantastic , but he is the prettiest dog on the street !
 I bought these clippers a year ago . I tried to used them on my small dog but they did not work well . Her hair kept getting caught in the blades so I would just use them now and then around her nose or sometimes on her legs . Well , fast forward a year later and I realize that it was me , not the clippers . I just did n't know what I was doing . Now I groom my dog totally and she looks really close to how she looks when I bring her to a professionals . With a little more practice I am sure that I can get even better . I always hated paying to take my dog to the groomers because in the back of my mind I would say `` I could learn how to do that '' and now with gas prices eating away at our budget it is also a great way to save money . Not to mention that you can do it on your own schedule . The clippers are quiet and cut great . So my advice is give it a little time to get familiar with the clippers before you make your final judgement . I think they are one of the best investments I have ever made .
 After the price to groom my Lhasa Apso increased to more than $ 40 , I decided to buy a grooming kit and give it a try myself . I researched several kits before I chose this one mainly due to the good reviews it had received . First of all , I was pleased with the DVD explaining `` how to groom '' different breeds of dogs . It gave me just enough info on holding the clippers & which attachments to use for different areas of the dog and the clippers are relatively quiet . I 've groomed my dog twice since receiving my kit and am happy to say that both my dog and I are happy with the results .
 This clipper is much than i expectected , nice cut , nice finished again more than i expected for my money . . Highly recomended , the blades doesnt turn hot easy great power without the cord .
 My wife and I purchased these clippers to keep our Brussels Griffon `` well groomed . '' While I would not classify them as `` heavy duty , '' they are perfect for touch-ups and trims . I would recommend this product for grooming small dogs .
 So far so good ! I bought the pet clipper after I read the reviews that said it was a very quiet trimmer . I wanted to give it a go on my two Maine Coon cats who were in need of a trim -LRB- because try as I might , I ca n't prevent a few little matted spots from creeping up once a year -RRB- . My two cats have very different personalities . One is adventurous and the other is more cautious . The adventurous cat totally tolerated -LRB- if not actually enjoyed -RRB- his first trim ! He looks sassy with his homemade lion cut :-RRB- So I 'm very happy about that . So far , the cautious cat has run away every time I try to sneak in for a trim , but I 'm hopeful she will learn to tolerate it as well because her brother -LRB- the adventurous one -RRB- is really enjoying his new hairdo !
 My dog did n't mind the slight vibration as the motor is very quiet.Blade extenders worked well.Well designed . Feels sturdy . Excellent price.Speedy delivery.I would buy more Whal products in a heartbeat . My dog is happy with it as a dog whose getting clipped - can be !
 Bought this product because it was advertised as being very silent in operation so as not to frighten the pet being groomed . Just as noisy as a normal shaver but luckily my dog was not afraid and allowed me to groom him . For those with pets who are afraid of the buzz from shavers , this is not recommended . Ease of operation because it is cordless.Highly recommend this site for quality Wahl products .
 I 'm glad i went with the cordless the power was plenty and the lack of cord took a lot of the fear away from the process the dog enjoyed it might not be enough for a pro but the two or three times a year i use it i think it will last me fine
 I have only used these clippers once on my dog so far , but compared to others I have used , these are the best . My dog is a spaniel mix , Boykin and Britney , and her hair is fine , thick and wavy . These clippers worked like a hot knife through butter . It took less time , which means less stress for my girl . I would highly recommend these clippers to anyone . I feel they would work on any kind of hair . The recharable part had us worried but they worked better on the battery power than another pair I have with a cord .
 excellent product , easy and light to use . Cuts my three little dogs hair with ease . needed to be recharged after the second dog haircut , but then again this was my first attempt in cutting hair , may took a little to long . Price was right for the product .
 My dogs were suffering from the heat so I decided to check out the pet clippers and I found the Wahl 9590-301 ProsSeries Pet Clipper Kit . The price was a little less than if I had taken my 2 dogs to the groomers.At first I was hesitant in using them so I watched the DVD that came with the kit . I clipped my Border Collie first and she looked really good . Better than I thought she would . Then I did my Queensland whose hair was very thick . Without having bought this clipper set my dogs may not have been here because of the awful heat wave we were having . I am very greatful for Amazon in having this set for sale . I thank Amazon for helping my dogs and myself . I recommend this item that comes in a nice black plastic carrying case and it has a comb , scisssors , cleaning brush , oil and various attachment combs . A very good buy .
 After trying to find a suitable clipper for my two dogs -LRB- one Yorkie and one Shih Tzu -RRB- , I gave up ! There 's just too much information on the web . I settled on a Wahl product for their reputation , and left it at that ! After using the Wahl pocket trimmer for years -LRB- blades are now done -RRB- , I decided to step-it-up a notch and splurge on this new model . After using it today for the first time - WOW - I 'm impressed ! My Yorkie actually sat for the whole thing ! Usually tries to bite the clipper , having to take a few breaks , this used to take me at least 1 1/2 hours . Although this unit is much larger than the pocket unit , the noise did n't bother her ! It also took much much less time -LRB- by at least half -RRB- . The DVD that was included was also very useful . The scissors are sharp ! extra bonus!Wahl also provides an address to send the metal head for future sharpenings . Great investment - no throw away here!Even though I used the non-corded version , if your battery is dead - length of the cord is very generous ! Came in a nice plastic box with handle for easy storage . They could however have put dividers in the box for all the heads , etc. . But at least all the stuff is in one place.I would recommend this product to anyone . Fast and sharp , and did n't seem to bother my dog ! Happy mom !
 I am so happy that I took the time and read all the reviews ! This is an great choice for the money . I have a very large lab mix and a very small sheltie/cocker mix and it does a wonderful job on both . In the long run I will save a bundle on grooming expenses .
 I bought these for my mom to use on her horses and one of her dogs . She said they work perfectly except that they do n't hold a charge for very long . But they work long enough to get the job done quickly and quietly . She even uses them on one of her yearlings to trim the inside of her ears .
 This clipper works just great both on thick fur and fine fur . And the battery charge is more than enough for clipping both my dogs . I 'm pleased with the clipper ! It works much better than the cheap Oster clipper I got from Petsmart . The scissors and comb that come with the kit are not that great , but the quality of the clipper makes up for that .
 I purchased these clippers based on other reviews and am glad I did . I can groom my Havanese faster with these clippers than I can by driving my dog to the groomer and waiting for them to do it . There is the $ savings too ! Watch the video that comes with the clippers and then go for it -- your first time should be pretty good but you will improve with every session as it does take a bit of practice to obtain professional results . I have a couple of friends who want me to do their dogs ...
 Great clipper , easy to clean , great grooming kit , replaceable blade . I did a lot of research before buying this clipper and for the home user with one dog it is perfect !!!!
 I love the ease in handling with this clipper and it is very quiet . I am glad I bought it .
 I had read a lot of reviews saying that most of wahl 's products are refurbished and so I was n't getting my hopes up . When I got it , it had scratches on it and it was obvious that it was refurbished . But it worked really well . It has a long battery life and when the battery runs down you can just plug it in . It worked really well considering that I have a newfoundland with long thick fur . I personally did n't like the video very much and some of the accessories are a little bit flimsy . It did very well for the price . The clippers at the pet store were more than 150 each . So its a pretty good deal .
 The clippers cut through the coursest hair with ease . Lightweight and cordless ... a perfect combination for the price !
 Let me start by saying I use Wahl clippers on my son ... so there was no other brand I was interested in looking at !!! Well , I was put off by some of the reviews and so it took me a long time to order these clippers ... why do we always prefer the bad reviews over the good ones?But order them I did and I could n't be happier !!! I have a Schnoodle -LCB- poodle/schnauzer mix -RCB- and this works GREAT on her fine hair . I think what some people may have a problem with is simply letting the product do the work . What I mean is when I tried to `` push '' the clippers through the hair it did n't cut very well ... however , when I followed the instructions and let it glide through the hair it cut like a CHAMPION !!! Also , MAKE SURE YOU CHARGE IT FOR 24 HOURS BEFORE USING !!!!! This enables the battery to have a strong memory . I used mine for 45 minutes after the initial 24 hour charge and it was still going strong !!! Another bonus is it is very quiet -LCB- for clippers -RCB- and my dog did much better for me than for the groomer ... she would come home very scared !!! So for me this product has already paid for itself in convenience and care for my animal PLUS the added benefit of a beautiful cut on my dog !!! So I would recommend this HIGHLY !!!! Be Blessed !!!!
 My dog is not crazy about getting her hair clipped and so I did it in two sittings . Her hair is about 1 1/2 in . long and a bit wirery but it cut without a problem . The clipper worked just fine and did a real good job . The only thing I did n't like was that the hair attachments were plastic and looked cheap . I did like it bec . it is cordless but you have the option to use the cord . I do recommend this product .
 This is my first experience with cordless pet trimmers and I had some reservations when I placed my order , but I must say I was totally impressed with the way they cut the hair on my toy terrier mix . They were a real pleasure to use !
 This product cuts through the thickest of hair and the thinest of hair . I have two cocker spaniels and my older one has super thick hair and the younger one has thinner hair and these clippers cut them both equally well . The only downfall is if you 're looking to use it cordless you only get about 30 minutes and the unit gets pretty warm to the touch . These are small negatives that are definitely something that can be overlooked because this product is really great !
 I clip my std poodle at home . I have been using these clippers for five years now . I have to replace the blades every year and a half . I drop them . I clipped a nasty tangled cat that showed up . I trim horse chins and necks . They work great . I have never owned a expensive clippers , so I can not compare them to such . For grooming one or two dogs , they work quite well . Just be sure to only groom a clean animal as dirt dull the blade quickly .
 The clippers worked great . I do n't have prior grooming experience , but this was pretty easy to use and the results look fine .
 i have a cavalier king charles spaniel . His coat gets quite long and bushy . In the summer it 's hot . This year was his third summer . His first summer , i took him to a groomer and they said they 'd cut the hair down to about an inch all over . I told them to leave the ears , tail and feet long which they did . the rest of him had the short hair . It did n't look right on him , too short , but at least he was cooler and eventually the hair grew back . When it grew out , i noticed that while in most places his hair got very long , a few inches , on the top of his back , the hair was shorter , about two inches maybe . Anyway , it looked natural of course , because it was the natural way his fur grows . I got the bright idea that he would look natural if they cut all his hair the same length as the hair on his back . I took him to the groomer the next summer and showed them the hair on his back and said `` do n't cut this at all , leave this like it is , and cut the rest of his hair this same length as the hair on his back . Just leave the ears , tail and feet the way they are . They said they got it and when i picked him up , i loved how he looked . I had n't expected him to look that good . Basically he looked like he did as a puppy before he got his long coat , much more natural than the first haircut that was too short for the kind of dog he is . Other people complimented how he looked . I was very pleased . Then , i had to move and i 'm too far to go to that same groomer so i found a groomer near where i live . I gave the same instructions this summer , i showed them the hair on his back , i said this is the length i want him to be all over . Do n't cut this hair , this is already the way i want it . Just cut the rest of the hair this length . Leave the ears , tail and feet alone . From the beginning i could tell the groomer did n't understand . He kept saying `` I know what you want , '' and then he 'd describe something different . He thought i was saying i wanted it to be the typical cut for a cavalier , which is not at all what i wanted , where the hair is left very long in places . I wanted it all one length , very simple concept , i thought . Simple for my first groomer . I repeated the explanation several times . The guy had his own agenda and did n't care what i said , it seemed . He insisted that the hair on the back must be trimmed a little because it was `` uneven . '' I told him i do n't want it even . I want it just like it is . Natural . Anyway , when i picked him up later , he had an odd hair cut . It was shorter in some areas than the hair on the back and longer in other areas . He looked weird . So , when it grew out again , i went to a different groomer . This next groomer said she understood what i was asking for but when i got him back , he had some formulaic ` cavalier ' hair cut rather than what i asked for . The hair was still quite long , and different lengths . Geez . I had no idea this was such a hard concept to understand . That 's when i had the idea to buy my own clippers . Before this , when i heard other dog owners talk about cutting their own dog 's hair , that did n't sound like something i wanted to try . I just thought it was easier to pay $ 35 once a year for a professional to cut his hair . But live and learn . I picked these Wahl clippers on Amazon after looking at reviews of these and others . I found them very easy to use , out of the box . I read the instructions and tried to follow them . But basically i just sort of played it by ear , not as systematic as the instructions recommend . If i saw hair that was too long , i cut it . It did n't take very long before i had the haircut i wanted , all one length all over his body , no longer long , just the length of the hair on his back . He was cooler and neat looking with out looking coifed and styled . He just looked like his natural self . So these clippers are a good tool for me . I have no complaints about them . I 'm glad to have them around when i need them . I just used them that one time , but then in the days that followed , i would see some parts that still needed clipping so i would grab the clippers and cut it off . If i lost it , i 'd buy another one . I thought the price was good . At first i thought i would have to buy a $ 100 + clippers , in order to have ones that were easy to use and effective . I thought ` cheaper ' ones would not work well enough for an untrained unskilled groomer like me .
 I was very lucky - after appealing my case to the manufacturer , this was sent directly to me from Wahl , after I was given the bait & switch by the original Amazon `` re-seller '' in New York . If ever the phrase Buyer Beware was in force , it was this case . Great support from Wahl overcame the re-seller 's bad faith . After several tedious phone calls to the NYC re-seller 's store , I was ultimately offered `` a different '' product by this re-seller , still switching me away from my intended purchase ! Initially they would n't admit responsibility or offer a pre-paid label to return the misrepresented product . BUYER BEWARE .
 I just received the clippers but havent tried them as of yet . Overall quality seams to be good and I like the idea of them being cordless . I purchased this brand because of all the reviews I have read , these are one of the best for home use and a good value for the money , I hope the dogs will feel the same : - -RRB-
 By gcc absolutely loves these mirror toys . I had just a plain one before this and she spent all day in the mirror . This one is better . Keeps her entertained .
 When I first bought this our grey was afraid of it -LRB- like she is a lot of toys -RRB- but it did n't take her long to warm up to it . I hung it on the outside of her cage for a day and let her stare it down for a bit . Once I moved it inside her cage she just sat in the back on her rope perch and gave it the evil eye . By the next day she was starting to climb on it in order to get in and out of her cage . Now she absolute loves it . We frequently walk in the room to find her hanging upside down on it , hanging from the tassel with one foot , or perched on the side of it and grabbing her cage bars to swing herself back and forth . It 's definitely one of her favorite toys in her cage and we have yet to find another swing that even comes close to it . Highly recommended !
 I have one picky conure , but she warmed up to this & loves it now ! Great toy for the price . I might have to get a large one for my McCaw !
 We had one before for our parakeets and when it needed to go , we bought other swings which the birds did not use . So luckily Amazon had these in stock . Now the parakeets are swinging again .
 Trying to find a quality boar brush is tough . You just about have to go to a Tack Store and buy a horse brush . My breeder recommends that I almost never bathe my Labrador Retriever , just &#34; spot clean &#34; him . We spend lots of time hiking in the brush , desert , and mountains ; and if he sees standing water , he 's in it . I rinse and dry , and then after he is completely DRY , I brush him for a few minutes . He loves it ; the bristles/brass are soft but really redistribute the natural oils and his coat shines . Truthfully , I feel this brush is overpriced , but it will last for several dogs , so ...
 This is a great bursh for my wire fox terrier . It is Boar hair and is great for shining the wire coat . The construction is very good and even though the price is more that I was expecting to pay , I feel that it was worth the money and will last for many dogs .
 We use this brush at school . OMG my favorite tool !! I love it ! It 's perfect for the xsmall spots . You wont be disapointed !
 Hi , Chris Christensen brushes are designed to be gentle on your dog 's skin . This is the most important aspect of a pet brush . Additionally , these brushes are of supurb quality . It is important to get the slicker around the ears and neck area and `` under arm '' area and this is the best size for smaller dogs .
 Our four pound yorkie loves her car seat ! She is tethered in and can look out the window in the backseat of our silver ado . She can stretch out if preferred . This is our second snoozer .
 This product is very handy , I can get 3 servings from a large pouch , adding it to dry kibble for my Shih Tzu . The problem is it 's hard to find . The grocer discontinued it so I buy online which can get costly with shipping . I have tried to find reviews on the quality of this product but have never seen anything saying it 's bad for the dog . It 's very convenient .
 The size 22 worked great for a Shorkie -LRB- shitzu-yorkie , on the large size -RRB- . These were for Christmas Eve , just for fun when all the kids get to open their Christmas Eve jammies . Having sleeves for the back legs too was a bit more than the dog expected -- he is used to having shirts/coats put on , but did n't really like the back legs getting dressed . However , once on , the way the PJ 's are cut he could easily go to the bathroom without issue . Very cute .
 Do n't buy this for its looks because they are not pretty nor comfortable ; but , if you need a tough blanket which will last , this is it .
 It 's cheap , it 's sturdy . It 's blue on one side and black on the other . It 's a good buy . Now Im going to see how it washes .
 This will be sure to keep my seats clean in all autos . So nice to have a quality blanket to move between cars that washes well . Very important with 4 small dogs that come with us everywhere !
 I bought two and they are nice sizes . Fortunately , I was n't picky about choosing the color , but that would have been a nice option to have . My dogs like to run around on it and it gets bundled up on the carpet . If it was heavier so that it does not easily fold and bundle , it would be perfect . Otherwise for the price , great deals .
 We used to have a comforter draped over our couch but one of our dogs kept pulling the stuffing out . Now we have one of these . The dogs leave it alone , it is large enough to cover all but about 2 inched of our 9 ft couch , it is n't ugly , it was cheap , and shipping was super fast .
 When I started looking for a throw for our dogs ' favorite couch , I was astounded by how expensive and gorgeous many of them are on the web . Geez , I wish my furniture looked like those . Anyway , I decided to give this one a try since it was so cheap even though I was n't thrilled that no one had any idea of what color the fabric -LRB- s -RRB- would be . We lucked out -- ours is solid black on one side and all blue on the other . It was definitely the right purchase for us as it 's durable , large enough to drape over a long couch , and the dogs immediately jumped up and sprawled out on it all evening . What can I say ? They 're spoiled , but they do n't expect caviar .
 The blanket was well made has worked out well to protect our couch when our grandsons dog visits.I woiuld purchase again from this retailer . Superfast shipping
 I have spent hundreds on dog beds and tried virtually all on the market . All have been destroyed . Some made it for a few months and I was impressed with those . So I was skeptical to try this one . I 'm so glad I did , it was the best decision ever . I am so happy with these blankets . It works perfectly in the crate and the dogs love them . They are so durable and hold up well in the washing machine . Plus , I ordered 2 and got matching blankets .
 This cover is large , easy to launder and I even got a great color .
 I can look at these and tell you they are moving pads sold as dog blankets . Check your local truck rental .
 If you think about it moving blankets -LRB- which is basically what these are -RRB- are excellent as dog blankets . They are n't expensive -LRB- or particularly lovely for that matter -RRB- but , in my case , they protect the car very well from wet , muddy dogs . They seem to wear well and all my dog friends love them for their practicality . These are not very thick so do think about buying two in the winter so the dogs can nest a little better .
 I was very hopeful about this blanket because of the positive reviews . I have a large great dane/greyhound mix dog and he has a very large crate that he spends time in while we are not home . He also has severe separation anxiety and had the tendency to be very destructive to whatever he can get his paws on -LRB- which is why he is in a crate -- he destroyed multiple pieces of furniture and drywall -RRB- ! I was looking for a blanket similar to ones that I had bought awhile at Costco -- the only thing he has not destroyed in his crate . I was impressed with the size and the quality of the blanket when it arrived . It 's huge and well constructed ! It was orange and red but that did n't really matter to me at all . The blanket lasted about 2 days before he ripped into it . I 'm not blaming the blanket at all -- our dog is very unique ! The positive thing about it is that it 's so large that I was able to cut off the part he ripped and sew up the side . It gets smaller every few days , but it 's serving it 's purpose ! I would recommend this for `` normal '' dogs -- it 's a great find at a great price !
 This is one of the best products for a dog . I have a few of them and they keep my dog comfy and it is easy on his joins because he is a big dog . He loves them too .
 This bell fountain head is a nice addition to our pond . It provides aereation for the water and is pleasing to look at and to enjoy its sound .
 This is the very best cat litter/smell product on the market . If I could give it 100 stars I would , I find it indespensible !!!!! Because of this product my litter lasts soooo much longer before it has to be changed . It also prevents litter from sticking to the box when wet . I can not say enough good things about Stink Free Litter Spray .
 I use this spray whenever I empty and clean my litter boxes . It smells great , but the best part is that it leaves a sort of non-stick coating on the surface of the box ! It keeps the litter from sticking so bad to the bottom when you 're scooping , especially older boxes that are getting scratched up and it eliminates the odor that gets trapped in all those scratches .
 There are four cats in my household , which means there are four litter boxes . Before I started using Stink Free , we lived with unpleasant odors emanating from the boxes and permeating the house , despite all our best efforts . It made no difference that we cleaned the litter boxes daily . We use the spray every day on the inside of the litter boxes after cleaning , and it has completely eliminated the odor problem . I strongly recommend this product for cat owners .
 This product is wonderful and does the job ! It was always sold at Pet Smart Stores and now they have discontinued . If this is the place to buy and it is - do try it . Works well and I have used it for over 4 years now .
 I had been purchasing the Stink Free Litter Box Spray at a retail pet store , but they discontinued the product . Thankfully I found it at Amazon ... it really works . I have two indoor kitties who both use one litter box . I spray this product on the cleaned litter every morning and the litter and box smell like baby powder - so their area stays un-stinkey .
 This spray is wonderful for all types of litter boxes especially for the LitterMaid automatic litter boxes . Spray it on the bottom of a clean litter pan and on the rake that is part of the automatic boxes and the waste will not stick . This prevents malfunction of the rake . It also leaves a pleasant smell . I also spray it on top of the litter everyday so my cats always have a clean smelling box . My friends say they would never know I had 2 cats in the house .
 The product name could not be more accurate -- `` Stink Free . '' My cats ' litter box has experienced many reviews , but none as positive as when using `` Stink Free . '' This product is absolutely unmatched . Litter smells are immediately erased and replaced with an aromatic baby powder fragrance . Believe it !!!!!!
 Stink-free is an awesome product . I clean my cats ' litter boxes & then spray on a good coat of Stink-free & it is so much easier to scoop out the waste . It does n't stick to the sides of the box & the smell is really nice.Strongly recommend this product for all indoor cat owners . It makes & keeps the litter box odors to a minimum .
 I love this product . Clumping litters clump to the litter box , making it hard to scoop the stuff . This product keeps that from happening . When I spray the box after washing it and filling it with litter , it 's like having a non-stick litter pan . Fantastic product .
 This product is the BEST , and ONLY , litter box deodorizer to use ! I no longer need two different products , one for spraying on the sides to create a non-stick coating , and one for sprinkling on top of the litter to deodorize the joint . This product does it all , and it does it better than all the other products I have used . Spray this on the sides and bottom of the box to create a non-stick barrier which dries almost instantly , unlike the other product I have used . Use this instead of those powdered products in shaker-type boxes to deodorize the top of the litter . Stink Free dries instantly , and the cats do n't seem to mind , or notice , this product on top of their litter . I had had problems with the other litter deodorizer products in the past . Some cats just do n't like the fragrance or crystals that are put into the powdered products in the shaker-type boxes . We adopted a cat colony we inherited when we moved to an acreage almost 5 years ago , one cat at a time , so I have had more experience than a previously sane person should have with cats and their litter box behaviours . It 's a cast of characters , with some really bad actors , but Stink Free litter spray has been accepted by all of them .
 We have been using this product for a couple of years now . When we empty litter boxes and clean and dry them , we spray the boxes . It dries almost instantly to a powder-like coating . The litter does n't stick to the bottom or sides when cats wet it . I 'm ordering more .
 This is meant to cover up urine and stool smells , and I am all for that ! Just be aware that it is actually spraying powder-smells like baby powder , and it is not good to breath in . Keep kitties and face away for spraying and let it settle before you come back . Best use for this is to `` season '' a new little box -- fills in porous areas to prevent nasties from sinking into plastic litter boxes .
 I hate to write this review because if too many people start using this product , there will be less for me ! I 've been using Stink Free Instantly Litter Box spray for years ... religiously . I have two cats and a keen sense of smell . This product works well and better than any other of the similar products that I 've tried over the years . I simply love it , and I think you will , too .
 My dogs have been using this food for many years . My 14-year-old and 7-year-old chihuahuas are very healthy and they like the food . My 7-year-old dog has been on the mature adult diet since he was a puppy , since my older chihuahua needed a senior diet to keep her from having trouble with her liver . Science Diet is the best !
 I wo n't comment on the price because that can change . We all do our best to find deals and bargains.This food is wonderful . I used to buy cheap , grocery store stuff and tried this on a whim . I 'm so glad I did.My dog is a little older and is missing some teeth . Since he is a shih tzu he also throws up from time to time after eating . -LRB- Do all shih tzus do this , mine has since birth -RRB- Anyway , this food seems to cut down on the incidents . The pieces are very small and easy for him to chew.It 's good for him , a great size for my little dog , and I will continue to buy it .
 I cook chicken livers in the oven , use a thumb-sized morsel with hot water to coat the whole doggie dish and put a dollop of tuna fish on top of a big handfull of Science Diet . Superb ! He loves it ! He 's 11 and feisty as a pup . Feed him small meals four times a day .
 The vet diagnosed my little Pom -LRB- Tazzi -RRB- with renal failure and suggested Tazzi be put to sleep on the spot . Of course , I disagreed and took Tazzi home . After 30 minutes of internet research , I discovered several recipes for dog food for dogs with renal failure . I began to make and feed those recipes to Tazzi and he made a quick and remarkable recovery . Making your own dog food can be a little time consuming though so I began to search for pre-made dog foods that would provide the same benefits as the home made dog food . `` Science Diet Mature '' met my criteria . Reducing the intake of phosphate is extremely important for dogs with kidney troubles and Science diet mature contains the least amount of phosphate I have seen in any other non-specialized , over the counter dog food . Anyway , I put a small handful of Science Diet Mature in a little dish -LRB- Tazzi is only 4.5 lbs -RRB- , add some water and microwave it for 1 minute . By the time the mix has cooled , the water has soaked into the food pellets to make them soft and very easy for Tazzi to eat . I feed Tazzi like this whenever he is hungry -LRB- about 4 times a day -RRB- and fortunately he really likes the taste . I should have had Tazzi on this Science Diet all his life . He is more alert and active than he has been in years ! The day the vet advised me to put Tazzi to sleep I thought I only had days left to be with him . Now Im convinced he and I are going to be together for at least another couple of years -LRB- he is 13yo atm -RRB- .
 My 60 pound dog had surgery and lost part of her lower jaw and lower front teeth . She found it difficult to eat the food she had been eating -LRB- for 11 years -RRB- , so I tried the Small Bites , with a small amount of wet food mixed in . She loves it and clears her bowl with no problems .
 This is the only food I give my yorkies !!! They are 8 and 9 and this is the only food they have ever had . I think it is by far the best .
 Recommended by my vet and my 12yr old Jack Russell and 13yr old Pomeranian are doing great on it . Great price will continue to buy .
 My dog is at a mature age and she is very picky about what she eats ! This dog food is the perfect answer.small bites for my ANGEL only ... LOL
 Our girls love this dog food and have for years now !! Great price and saves me a trip to the pet store !!
 We recently switched our older dog to this food because the small size made it easier for him to chew and digest . We have noticed a big improvement in his coat and activity level since . If you are feeding your pets cheap food , try this . You 'll probably notice quite a change .
 I have a small toy dog & my vet recommended Hill 's Science Diet for many reasons including the one that is made in USA . My advice
 This is just right size for my small dogs . They love it . I like to mix it with wet dog food for something different at times .
 I was very surprised by how large this feeder was as the description on the product page does not show how much food it holds . It holds 13 lbs , which is pretty much an entire large bag of cat kibble . I really like the size , and shape of the holder , but I 've deducted one star because it 's somewhat difficult to fill . The fill hole at the top is too small for my kibble scoop so some of the kibble ends up on the table when I 'm trying to fill the feeder , and I have a hard time snapping the lid back on the feeder because of it 's awkward design . Also , a word of warning
 I have 2 cats and they were fed just fine when we went on vacation for a week . Holds more than you think . The food did not get stuck and it is easy to clean and fill .
 I thought that the big clear plastic storage bin would be difficult to manage , but it is not . It is locked into the base . You add the kibble by taking the lid off of the top and pouring it in . The opening is more than wide enough to pour straight from the bag . I put a full 10 pounds of cat food in the container . The little kitten has no problems eating from it and the food falls right down to refill it . Excellent solution .
 What can I say about a pet feeder ? It 's great if I 'm going away for a few days and want to make sure my cat has plenty to eat . However , if I leave it there all the time , he turns into a pig and just keeps eating and eating .
 We use this when we are going to be away for a few days . It 's large and sturdy , and sits well on the floor so it does n't tip over . Worked great when we were out of town for a week -LRB- still had plenty of food left for our 3 cats when we got home -RRB- . The price was very reasonable and it 's a nice feeder for the price . Recommended : - -RRB-
 Arrived in time n undamaged . Came in time . Was a little smaller than I thought but that 's my own fault ... lol
 They were a little confused by the new bowl at first , but our cats love it ! Looks like we can leave town for a day or two and they 'll be a-okay .
 I fill the feeder with cat food and it has worked great . The openings are large enough that there is no clogging or bottle necking . Now I do n't have to worry about the food running out if I am away . It could n't be more convenient .
 I have a medium/large breed dog -LRB- lab mix -RRB- who I had put on one of those slow feeder bowls because he was being a hog with his food and choking on it then hacking up completely unchewed food . I actually only wanted an automatic water dispenser as my dog needs his bowl refilled a million times a day , I was tired of the 2am wake up whining because his bowl became empty . I actually bought the setBergan Petite Gourmet Combo -LRB- Colors Vary -RRB- because it was 23 dollars for both as opposed to 17 each . For just a few dollars more I figured if the automatic feeder did n't work out for my dog I would just return to his slow feeder and use the automatic one for the cats.FOOD DISPENSER : - Successfully replaced slow feeder
 This is my first one of these feeders , so I ca n't give a comparison to other ones . When we first got it , the food got stuck in the top part . It came out , but not very quickly . So we did a little surgery to it , removing some of the lip , and it works better now . The food still gets stuck a little , but it comes out much quicker now . It holds enough food to feed our one cat for at least two weeks , probably a lot longer though . For the price it 's really not that bad of a feeder .
 I love this thing . . Have a small dog -LRB- < 30 lbs -RRB- , and it holds enough food to last almost 3 weeks ! -LRB- now I just need the water side to hold 3 weeks worth ! -RRB-
 I have about 5 of these feeders in my dog areas . I love the fact that I can wash them out so easily & they hold so much food . The product is very sturdy , does not tip over with eager , hungry dachshunds & definately a plus in my kennels . Their waterer is absolutely the best on the market . You can get your entire hand inside it to clean it as well .
 This just came , I was a bit surprised by how big this was , but its a great size , this will help with my 2 kittens , who eat and eat and eat , and now I 'll rarely have to refill their bowl .
 I needed something to self feed in our backyard as we suddenly are feeding 4 stray cats.Easy to fill ; great value . Definitely would recommend it
 The previous automatic feeder had an issue where food would spill onto the floor out of the sides . This does not have that issue . It is really almost perfect , except the top does n't stay in securely . I took one star off for that because it reduces how fresh my cats ' food stays by not really sealing off air circulation .
 This is a great item holds a ton of food with out it tipping over ~ has a cover on it so the food always stays fresh . . If your looking for a dog feeder look no more this is the one you want to buy ... !! :-RRB- : -RRB-
 This product save me lots of time and energy . I only have to fill it once a week and the cats can eat when they are hungry . It is sturdy and does not tip over and it looks very nice , almost decorative ! I would recommend this product to all you cat lovers , like me !
 This Feeder work great , order came ontime.I love to use this save my time and my dogs always has food there for them
 This really works well whether I am travelling or busy at home . Now my cats are never hungry because I have not been paying attention . I wish I had gotten it a long time ago .
 Nice size for small animals and easy to disassemble and clean . Minus one star for being just plain ugly .
 Great not to have to worry about feeding the animals every day . This larger one is for my two dogs . Filled it up a week ago , and still 2/3rds full . I wish the food would dispense into the bowl a little further , other than that , it 's great .
 I gave this item 5 stars because it does exactly what it is suppose to do . I did use it when we were away and for everyday use . If you do have food that is not round then it will not roll down automatically , but your cat will not starve as they can reach the opening and get the food that way and while your cat does that the food will come down ! I am not using it at the moment as it does attract ants which got in the food . So if you do have an ant problem and you are going away for a while then you need to put ant traps near the feeder !
 We have two cats and used this and the waterer by the same manufacturer while we were away for Thanksgiving . I was concerned about it getting clogged and not coming out properly so we tested it out over the weekend prior to leaving with no problems -LRB- meow-mix , so standard kibble size -RRB- . We returned 5 days later with happily fed kitties . Our neighbor peeked in on them once or twice while we were gone but it really was n't necessary , the feeder worked perfectly . It holds ALOT of food.My only complaint is regarding the plug that pulls out of the top of the container -LRB- you add the food in this way -RRB- . It is a bit difficult to get it to fit back in once you remove it . I would consider this to be a very small issue considering the peace of mind it gave me over vaca .
 Unlike other feeders , the opening is large enough to keep food from getting stuck and not coming down . Holds enough food to last for 2 weeks with 3 cats , although we had back up bowls just in case .
 Overall , this is a nice investment . The feeder is rather large , so make sure you 'll have adequate space to put it . I do wish I had paid better attention to how large this actually is , b/c we only have one cat & this hold a LOT of cat food ... Also I sometime have trouble getting the top lid of container to close tightly ... Other than that , I like it ; it is great to know our cat will not run out of food when we take a vacation . Also , I like how the bits of cat food flows out very smoothly & has not gotten clogged ...
 I like this feeder better than the Petsafe feeder . This one has a wider bowl for the cats to eat from . Since I have 4 cats this makes it easier for more than 1cat to eat out of the bowl at the same time . Petsafe feeder has much smaller bowl . This feeder works better than Petsafe in having the food continue to fill the bowl . This one requires some jiggling , but the wider opening for food allows the cats to figure out how to get more food into the bowl . Petsafe does n't replenish the bowl very effectively . Would have gone with 5 stars if the food replenishment was smoother .
 I fit my huge bag of cat food in this . No need to store that huge bag ! My cats love it and the food never got stuck coming out of the lid . I bought this for vacation but it holds the food for a month for my kitty . Very nice !
 I have 3 cat 's and was tired of having to refill the dish twice a day , so I bought this . And it 's GREAT !! When filled it will last about 7 day 's with my 3 cat 's -LRB- and 1 dog who sneaks mouthful 's when I 'm not looking -RRB- . I also like that it 's very easy to clean , the top and bottom of the food container are big enough to get your hand into to scrub it out . And the base is pretty durable and heavy , so my cat 's ca n't move it around the kitchen .
 Great not to have to worry about feeding the animals every day . This smaller one is for my two cats . Filled it up a week ago , and still 2/3rds full . I wish the food would dispense into the bowl a little further , other than that , it 's great .
 I love this feeder , and it fit my needs exactly . The only thing I would change is the way one has to fill it up . I end up spilling food all over the place . Perhaps having the ` top ' extend wider or flare like a funnel or maybe design the ` bottom ' cap to have a flap so can fill it up , screw on top , close the flap , turn it over , place on stand and then open the flap so food can tumble out.I bought the water feeder too and they look great together , wish they were sold as a set .
 This stuff is really worth the money . My vet was like well the tearing is common in small dogs but I could tell it was making my dog miserable . My Maltese had it bad the staining was so red and ugly but once I started using it it cleared up in about 4 weeks . His tearing had a very bad odor , but it even got rid of the odor .
 My Havanese loves this much more than the beef !! She has n't turned it down at all ! Makes her eyes look so GOOD !
 Gigi , our bishon frise , develops black circles around her eyes . When we give her Ange 's Eyes , after a week or so it is eliminated and is much less costly than buying from the manufacturer .
 Our white Shih Tsu gets the worst rusty , stained eyes and really looks like he is neglected if you just saw his face . We add this to his food and in less than a week you can see the difference . Really works great . . we tried many other things including prepared wipes . Nothing worked , this is fantastic ! Only problem is they need to make it a bit more palatable . Our dog HATES the taste , we try to disguise it in his food . Forget putting it in his water ... we finally thought to put it in melted swiss cheese .
 Angel Eyes works great . I love the way my dogs eyes have cleared up and no more brown stains !! I would highly recommend this item .
 My white poodle had very dark tear stains . Within 30 days his stains have totaly disappeared with no adverse side affects .
 This was the second time I 've used angel eyes on my dog and I love it . This is a great product . I 've recommended it to many .
 I have a Bichon . She is 10 . Her eyes started to get tear stains bad . Someone said to get this product . I thought , Gosh how expensive this is . So I searched online for home remedies , took peoples advice . Nothing worked , NOTHING . 2 years later I seen this , I had the extra money so I bought it . SO expensive in a pet store , well , this stuff is amazing , trust me . buy on Amazon and get a great deal . My Bichon eyes are clearing up and its been 3 weeks . I am so happy I got this , worth every penny , -LRB- not in pets stores -RRB- Even she feels better . It was a constant bother to her , wiping her eyes on anything she could . Now she is a Happy Bichon . This stuff is just AMAZING ... No joking
 My dogs prefer the beef flavor - but the chicken still works as well . No comment from the dogs at this time ...
 Great product and one that safely and effectively works on tear stains . Best wishes and I will order all again .
 My dog loves the taste of the powder and the tear stains are so much improved . Thank you so much !
 When I first got my pup I tried wipes and liquid cleaners and kept her face shaved but her eye stains only got worse . So i finally decided to invest in a bottle of Angel Eyes and I am glad I did . I love this product . I saw results within 3 days of use and my peach-colored poodle really likes the flavor . Her nasty brown leaky eyes have cleared up completely despite the fact that i really only remember to give it to her every other day . I highly recommend Angel Eyes , it 's worth the money .
 great price , wonderful product , best price then you will find in any store , really helped my dogs eye discharge when nothing else did you wo n't be sorry you purchased it , I put it in my dogs food every night
 It took two bottles for the transformation to take effect and we could not be happier . The dog seems much happier and has a bit more pep than before the treatments . We will continue to purchase this product and I would highly recommend it for any pet lover with a dog the suffers with the watery red eyes .
 IT WORKS I 'VE BEEN USING IT FOR 6 YEARS , AND IT 'S THE ONLY THING THAT MAKES MY BOYEEZZ FACE LOOK NICE
 After 3 week my dogs were fine , there were no more stains under their eyes , and the product got on time
 I 've used Angels ' Eyes before and this really seems like the real deal . I 'm grateful to of found such a wonderful price and will most definitely be re-purchasing in the future for my lil dog , as he ca n't live without it . Thanks for the fabulous product , and price !! : -RSB-
 I received this product to use on my little Maltese , Sugar . Within one week , the dark staining was gone !!! It 's great to buy a product that really works .
 Angels Eyes seem to be helping with the tear staining . It is expensive , so I will have to see how long the bottle lasts to justify if it is worth getting it again .
 My Coton De Tulear has no more tear stains since we have been using Angel Eyes . He does n't like the taste though , so I have to mix it with soft cheese or baby food to give it to him , since it is in powder form . I give it to him a few times a month for maintenance . Well worth the money .
 I have a 2 1/2 year old maltese and was so frustrated after trying so many topical treatments . Nothing worked until I tried this internal product . He has been taking it -LRB- powder mixed with food -RRB- for 2 months , and after a haircut , almost all of the discoloration is gone . I like that the frequency of treatment decreases over time -LRB- starts daily , changes to 4x per week and after a few months 1x per week -RRB- . I would recommend this product to other pet owners .
 My Bichon always had terrible brown stains under his eyes and all around his mouth area . I tried everything and nothing worked . I asked vets and groomers for suggestions and was told by both that there was no remedy for it.Then I heard about Angel Eyes . I always tried anything that I heard about . To my amazement and delight this product actually works !!! All stains are gone . It takes about 3 weeks to see the results . I very strongly recommend this product .
 This is a repeat purchase . Annie is now on maintenance dosage . Results are unbelievable ! I had my doubts when I initially heard of Angels ' Eyes but thought `` nothing ventured , nothing gained '' so I gave it a try . She looks like a new dog!No more ugly brown stains around her eyes and mouth . So go ahead and try with confidence . I think you 'll be pleased you did .
 I bought this for my Tri-color Cavalier King Charles Spaniel , when I bought him at 12 weeks of age , he had noticeable tear stains , his coat as I said is tri-color , but underneath his eyes is white , so the tear stains were a reddish brown in color and it caused distractions in the beauty of his face . I started out with Angels eyes put in his food . HE WOULD NOT EAT THE FOOD , I tasted the stuff and it was bitter as could be , so no wonder he did n't like it . I called Angels eyes and told them I had tried it in his food and water as well -LRB- they say in directions to put in food OR water -RRB- the rep told me to try mixing it with Peanut butter , well THAT WORKED ! I Started him off with the recommended DAILY amount for his weight , age , etc. i have since gone down to 4 times a week as they recommend after 4 months of daily use . Well for some time now the stains have ALL DISAPPEARED and Cavaliers are NOT to have their coat or hair cut in ANY FASHION so I did n't have to ever have them cut away . His eyes are beautiful now and the white hair where the stains were originally located is white as can be . I am ordering my 2nd 120 gr bottle now . Please note that even though your dogs stains will be removed by Angels eyes , if you STOP IT , THEY WILL RETURN ! But the GOOD THING about it is that once they have been on it for over 6 months they can go down to only once a week , so then a 120 gr bottle will last a year . -LRB- at least for me -RRB- Chris
 this product really works . I am happy that I found it , made a difference in as little as 2 days . I would recommend this product
 I have tried other products which required me to wipe around the eyes and apply powder or other liquid products to the eye area . With Angel Eyes , I just sprinkle on my dog 's food and the results are as good and even better than with any other product I have used but Angel Eyes is a much less stressful experience for my dog .
 My little dog has such bad tear stains . I read about this product and hesitated at first , then decided to take the plunge . I bought the small bottle because I was very skeptical of it . Well it has been about a month and the difference in the doggies is INCREDIBLE ! Their faces look so much brighter ! I know some reviewers have said the dogs did n't like the taste . At first , my dogs kind of snubbed the food but after a day or two they got used to it and now they eat like normal.I used this and started combing around their eyes with a flea comb and the combination seems to have worked !
 This is a great product . We 've been using it for years and have ZERO tear stains on our white poodle . She did n't like the taste at first but after a couple of days it no longer seemed to bother her .
 It 's working wonders on our Maltese . Also on our YoChon . Both eyes are no longer running ! Thanks so much for making such a great product .
 I prefer the sweet potato Angels Eyes . This product works well on my 16 pound white haired coton de tulearand he does not hesitate to eat his food when I use it . I am glad to see you carry the sweet potato type now so I can get it through Amazon .
 I use this for my white Havanese dog . This product keeps his eyes from getting very &#34; gunked up &#34; and having that build up around his yes . I am usually skeptical about these types of products but it really works . Only issue I have with this bottle is he does n't seem to like the beef flavor . I have used other flavors in the past and he seemed to like those better but he is not so keen on this flavor .
 I have been using this product for about two years and it works wonders , it takes a bit of time to work -LRB- about a month -RRB- and after a wile you think you do n't need it but when you stop using it after about a week the red tear staining and redness around the mouth comes straight back . Excellent product .
 Works wonders on my Maltese . Arrived in a timely fashion and as described . I have tried cheaper alternatives and none works like this !
 I hear only good things about these ! My sis says it is great and way cheaper , so always buys here !
 This product really helps my dog 's eyes . She gets brown stains around her eyes without it . We use it once a day .
 It is easy to use . I saw results quickly . No more of those yucky stains , see her pretty eyes instead .
 I have 2 white dogs and have used this for 3 years and it keeps them sparkley white especially on the eyes and around their mouths
 Works great just follow instructions , the stains do not disappear but as the fur grows out no new stains are present . It takes about six weeks to be completely rid of the stains which are caused by a red yeast condition .
 I am so impressed with this product . My dog is so cute now that he does n't have brown goo coming out of his eyes .
 After a month of using Angel Eyes , our cockapoo no longer has brownish/red discharge around his eyes and mouth . We also changed his food at the same time , recommended by our groomer , so the results could be a combination of both steps taken but I would highly recommend using Angel Eyes .
 I have 2 dogs that both had terrible tear stains . I had tried multiple products with no results . After reading a few articles on this product , I decided to give it a try . To much surprise , it has worked absolutely beautiful . My dogs have no tear stains , no brown discoloration on their coats , they just shine and have gorgeous eyes .
 Angels Eyes is a miracle solution for stubborn tearstains . Before using this product , my two malteses looked sad and not so cute ; the tearstains covered their entire little faces . People would ask me if they had some sort of disease . I tried so many products and nothing worked . I even cut the hair around their eyes until there was nothing left to cut . The tearstains always managed to reappear . When I heard about Angel Eyes I was very skeptical at first but desperate enough to try one more thing . To my pleasant surprise , the tearstains went away in a few days . By the end of the month , there was no trace of tearstains left . Now , my dogs look like little angels . I am very pleased with this product and highly recommend it . The only negative is that it is not available in stores .
 My little dog has always had teared stained eyes . We just started using Angel Eyes less than a month ago and I see improvement . My dog weighs 27lbs . If you have a large dog , purchase the large bottle.I highly recommend it for dogs with this problem . You just sprinkle the amount the bottle states -LRB- depends on dog 's weight -RRB- on their food.I was leary that he might not eat his food , but he did/does .
 Hello . I have been using the Angle Eyes on my 7 month old Maltese , and it really works !!! Her fur 's really nice and white now . I really like it . Vivien Peterson
 I have a bichon and have used over the counter stuff for her eyes and nothing seems to work . I still havet o clean her eyes regularly , but the discharge is no where near as bad as it once was . Also , she loves the taste of it .
 We received the bottles of Angels ' Eyes within a week of ordering , and started using it immediately . We have noticed a difference in the dogs fur after only two weeks of use . We are , however , sad that the price increased right after we received our order .
 When I first inherited my dog , a white malti-poo she had terrible EYE STAINING . It stained her whole lower face.My groomer told me to try this product.After several weeks the stain was completely gone . When you first start to use it you ca n't miss a dose but the wait is worth it .
 This stuff REALLY works and my dog loves it . By the third day , I can already see a difference . I use the beef flavor and mix it with a little can dog food and water , he laps it up . I do not hesitate recommending this product .
 My cavapoo had red eye stains . This product eliminated them within two weeks . I now use it once a week to maintain . No more stains !
 I have 3 Miniature American Eskimos . I have been using Angel Eyes for 2 years and it is amazing . It eliminated their eye stains in 3-4 weeks and they have been on maintenance ever since . They were beautiful before Angel Eyes but they are stunning now ... woof woof woof .
 Angel Eyes really works . I 've only purchased the chicken flavour , and started off using it as directed . Now only give it to my dog 2xs a week - STILL NOT A TEAR STAIN IN SIGHT.Great stuff .
 Our pup had really dark tear stains and Angel eyes helped it clear up really well . They are not 100 % gone yet but they are definitely much lighter !!
 Believe it or not , this is the only thing I have found that works . A friend told me , and a friend told her . Try it !
 I use this once a day for my Morkie and he never gets the dreaded eye goo ; it helps keeping him presentable all the time .
 I started giving this to my 4 yr . old Maltese & my 4 month old Maltese . Within 3 weeks , I 've already noticed a difference in the tear stains . The new hair is coming in whiter ! My boys look so much better ! I will continue to use this product .
 Seems to work if used every day , but our maltese hates the flavor . Try feeding it with a tablespoon of wet food to hide the flavor .
 My Bichon 's tear stains have been progressively worse over the past few years . I tried several products recommended by the vet and groomer and nothing worked very well . I was at a dog show last fall and decided to purchase Angel Eyes . It is a miracle . The tear stains are not 100 % eliminated after one month , however , they are 50 % better and improving .
 I did n't believe that a product my dog ingested could clear that gooey brown stuff that stained the hair around her eye area . I was paying 40.00 for a product in the pet stores that had you measuring things , and wiping the eye area , then wiping it again . Sometimes pulling a little on the surrounding hair . My dog did not look forward to this . So with Angel eyes , I only add a little into her dinner each day . No stain to begin with . No smelly goup surrounding her eyes either ! Perfect . We 've been using this product for about 3 years now and wo n't go without it .
 I was skeptical , but good reviews here persuaded my wife and me to try this product for our Maltipoo , whose face had pathetic tear stains running from his eyes almost to his mouth . We followed the directions carefully , and now his little face is clear . We are in the twice a week period now , and we could n't be happier about how well this product works . Thank you , Angels ' Eyes .
 Angel eyes does keep the stains off of our dog . The stains are minimal now and can be easily cleaned . The large ugly stains are a thing of the past .
 I asked the Vet what I could do about the tear stains on my dogs face and he said to try Angel Eyes . So I have been following the directions given , and found that Shasta LOVES the taste and they are working Great ! Shasta is a MUCH PRETTIER dog now !! I will continue to use Angel Eyes to keep her Pretty !
 Very happy with this product . Within a week saw redness clearing from my Coton de Tulears eyes . Only wish it came in a capsule or tablet , I have found it best to make a paste with a small amount of water to mix with the powder and then I spread it on a piece of thinly sliced chicken and roll it up for a tasty treat .
 Angel Eyes has worked very well for our Maltese . It took a full month to see the results but his face no longer has any discolorization .
 I did n't think this would help my dog 's weepy eyes . I decided to try it on a whim . My dog did n't like it at first as I tried it on his food . I then would place it in his mouth with a spoon . After awhile he decided he liked it and licks it up from my measuring spoon . His face is clear of black/brown tears . He has clear fur around his eyes . This works and it works well . My chihuahua now has a clean face clear of dark stains . I am not sure how it works but I would recommend it to all who has this problem with weepy eyed dogs .
 ANGEL EYES IS A GOOD TASTING POWDER YOU SPRINKLE ON YOU DOG 'S FOOD DAILY . IT STARTING WORKING WITHIN A WEEK . MY YORKIE HAD TERRIBLE TAR-LIKE STAINS WAY DOWN HIS NOSE . THEY WERE COMPLETELY GONE IN A COUPLE WEEKS . MY VET SAID IT WAS SAFE . MY GROOMER COULD N'T BELIEVE THE DIFFERENCE . YOU HAVE TO KEEP USING IT . IT MIGHT SEEM EXPENSIVE BUT A LG . BOTTLE LASTS FOR MONTHS FOR A SMALL DOG .
 I have a teacup maltese -LRB- 3lbs full grown -RRB- . Her eyes drain and are black with stain . I asked a groomer for a suggestion of what to use and she suggested angel eyes . Although expensive -LRB- $ 50.00 for the size I ordered -RRB- it lasts for 6 mos . and worth every penny ! Her eyes stay white with very little draining . You just put less than a teaspoon on their food daily . After 10-12 days you will see amazing results !!! LOVE IT !
 This product was recommended by my dog 's groomer . It has totally cleared up the stains around my Shih Tzu 's eyes . She recently had a visit to her Vet 's office , and when we told him that we were using this product , he also approved continued usage .
 The staining around the eyes of our bichon/poodle has almost disappeared . I think after her next grooming it will be gone . The staining around her mouth has also disappeared .
 My dog , Sophie , is a Bichon Frise . From the moment I brought her home at 6 weeks , her beautiful little face was marred by brownish-red tear stains . Even washing around her eyes every night did n't help . I asked her veterinarian and he said there was little to be done , that it was a common problem with Sophie 's breed . I bought several different bottles and jars of `` promising '' treatments at Petsmart , but none of them worked . One day I decided to google `` Dog tear stains '' on the internet and a product called ANGEL 'S EYES came up . I ordered it , and within 3 weeks , Sophie 's tear stains were completely gone and have never come back . I use it 2-3 times a week now ; it was everyday for the first 5 or 6 weeks . I recommend it to everyone I see who has a dog with tear stains . Most are strangers and most are very grateful for giving them hope . ANGEL 'S EYES is guaranteed , so you lose nothing if it does n't work . But Sophie had a terrible problem , so I do n't hesitate to say that it will work for your dog . It is an expensive product , so I was thrilled to discover that Amazon offered it at a substantial discount . Your dog does not have to live with tear stains , which not only mar the appearance , but often irritate your dog 's eyes . Do n't hesitate to order ANGEL 'S EYES . You and your dog will be so happy you did .
 Our dog has been using this product for about a month , and we can already see a difference in the staining around his eyes and on his `` beard '' . It has been easy to use , mixing in with his morning meal . We have also switched to giving filtered water and think this helps also . So far , this product has delivered !
 I have been using Angels ' Eyes on my Maltese mix for about a month . I have already seen results . She no longer has black under her eyes and I am sure that once she is groomed and the hair around her eyes trimmed , you will barely notice any discoloration . The problem I have , however , is administering the powder . She does not like it on her food , which she refused to eat . I contacted the company and was instructed to try it with peanut butter . Thus far she is eating it . I would like to see this product in pill form so I can give it to the dog mixed with a treat or piece of meat .
 My Yorkie dog has had severely stained eyes since puppyhood , and she is only 3 years old now . I have tried many things to get rid of the tearing and stains . My dog has been to the vet , and to vet eye specialists to make sure she has no eye disease . Even though they detected no eye problem , they could n't help with her tearing problem . Angel Eyes works great for my dog . During the first week of trying this product , my dog 's eyes were improving ! Her eyes look good now , with no tearing or brown staining . I will continue to use this product on my Yorkie .
 Using this product -LRB- bought the small bottle to try -RRB- for about 2 weeks and I am noticing that his eyes are not emitting brown gunk anymore , it is more transparent now . I was afraid of the one review that said her dog got terrible diarrhea and after the second day of use he was pretty lose when I gave him the full teaspoon at once . So I split the dosage between meals
 We used Angel Eyes on our Bichon Frise who had terrible staining . My husband put it on her canned food every morning and the stains went away ! Our supply ran out , we did n't re-order , and the stains came back . Needless to say , we 're ordering another supply !
 I 'm on my second bottle of Angels Eyes because it really works ! No more brown tear stains on white dogs ! I have found , however , that the amount recommended per dosage is perhaps a bit high . One can get the same results on less -LRB- you have to experiment -RRB- .
 it works awesome !!! tear stains are so much better and my dogs dont mind the taste at all !!!!
 My poor little Chihuahua was having trouble with her eyes draining and causing a hard build-up on her face . I tried several products with no luck . My mom suggested `` Angel Eyes '' but since the average cost was $ 25.00 for 30 grams I decided to do some research . Many people said it was a great product so I looked on Amazon for a better price . I could not find a better price than from -LSB- ... -RSB- so I hoped for the best and ordered from them . They were half what everybody else was and delivered very quickly . They said it would take several weeks before I would see any difference , they were wrong ! Her eyes stopped draining in three doses ! I am sold on this product ! I hope you have good luck too .
 I have used this product for over a year . It works fine . In the beginning she would take it on her food . But then she would not eat her food with Angels Eyes on it . She is fussy . So after I threw out some food I discovered that if I take the powder in a small dish and mix it with a few DROPS of water , roll it up into a ball she takes like a treat every time . If you have problems feeding it to your pet try this . Do not use very much water just a drop or two . Works great .
 This product works wonder for keeping my poodle 's eyes from tearing and staining . I have been using it for over 2 years now and would not be without it .
 Angel 's Eyes Tear Stain Remover is simple to use . Just sprinkle a little on the dog 's food . In a couple weeks he stains will begin clearing up . Dogs do not notice this addition to their food .
 I adopted a cute little maltese ... and let 's just say he was in rough shape when I got him . After a few weeks of using Angel Eyes he looks FANTASTIC . He gets so many compliments and I 've had so many people ask me how I keep him so white!It does take a few weeks ... so be patient . But it 's worth the wait !
 I purchased Angel Eyes for my 6 month Havanese . She is white around the eyes and she had dark brown tear stains that had spread down her fur . It was not very nice looking . Our breeder recommended that we try Angel Eyes . I sprinkled the minimum amount into her food each morning . She ate it with no problem at all . One reviewer said that it made their dog sick . My puppy had no problem digesting it at all . In fact - I think that she actually likes it!After about 2 weeks we could see a reduction in the brown tear stains . We have been using it now for 6 weeks and the brown stains are completely gone . Her eyes look pretty and clean ! I will probably reduce the amount of Angel Eyes that I am giving her each day gradually . I would highly recommend this product !
 In less then 2 months my dog had no tear or mouth stains at all . BUY THIS PRODUCT IT WORKS !!!!!!!
 My little white poodle gets this in her breakfast every day and the fur around her eyes stays white . Her groomer is very thankful for this too . Thank you Angel 's Eyes !
 It really works ... !!!! I tryed so many products out there but nothing like this one . It ' a amazing how the stains dissapear . Please try it , you will be surprised and you will love it . !!!
 My dog will never be without this product . It has cleared up her teary eyes and face to the white that it should be . I highly recommend this product to anyone who has a dog that tears up badly and stains their hair ! I wish I could show before and after pictures . It works !
 We 've never had a dog who needed such help , but when we rescued Maltese we needed help with his weepy eyes . This product is WONDERFUL . We first checked it out with our Vet , who looked at the ingredients and said that it should be helpful in neutralizing the PH balance . We now always have some onhand . THANK YOU ! We 've also recommended it our neighbors who also have Maltese dogs .
 Angels ' Eyes is a very good product . It has eliminated tear stains from my dogs eyes and they do n't notice it sprinkled in their food . Shipping was very fast and easy .
 My daughter has a dog that has a lot of eye secretions , and she is thoroughly pleased with the product - she bought it elsewhere the last time , and I ordered it for her this time .
 My mother has a beautiful white Maltese and I have never seen a white dog with NO brown stains on his eyes or mouth . He is absolutely GORGEOUS thanks to Angels ' Eyes !! He has never had any problems with taking it and actually , he does n't even need it anymore !
 They have puppy faces again ! My dogs were getting terrible stains under their eyes , and nothing seemed to work . I was worried first about spending so much on this product , but it was worth every penny ! After two weeks the stains were gone , and no more goobers in their eyes !
 This product does exactly what it says it will do . My Maltese finally has a beautiful face - no ugly red eye drainage . Where he licks his feet is white again too ! Kudos !!!
 We adopted our Ma-Shi from the SPCA and he was a mess . I used topical tear stain wipes from the pet store and they did nothing . After buying this , within weeks , the tearstaining was improving . I cut away the fur under his eyes and could notice the root was white . One more trimming a few weeks later , and no more stains . He also seems to tear a little less in general . I did not keep him on it for long . As soon as I saw improvement , I cut it back to every other day . Now I give it to him once a week and they have not returned . Great price , great product . I mix it in with a bit of wet food and a small amount of water and he thinks he is getting a treat .
 I hate to admit it because it is so expensive , but it really works . My dog Bianca is a white Maltese and she had terrible stains on her eyes and muzzle . Her tear stains are almost completely gone . There is still a little but not even close to what there used to be . I have to recommend this product as long as you do n't mind spending a little more on your dog . She loves the flavor too . The other two dogs are jealous that she gets it on her food . I do have to put just a couple drops of water in her dry food with the powder because otherwise it is so dry , but it makes a nice little gravy . Just a few drops will do .
 I can only give this 4 stars because Ive only been using it on our little girl for about a month and it seems to be effective , however she does not like it !! She is a maltese and they are notoriously picky eaters , ut she eats all the food around the angel eyes and leaves the product at the bottom of her bowl . Ive been having to dress up her food with a little chicken or beef stock for her to eat it all . Work in progress but so far so good ! : -RRB-
 I bought this for my maltese and I hsve been giving it to her for maybe 6 weeks and her stains under her eyes ar not as bad , and her body is whiter . Will buy again .
 I have been using Angels ' Eyes on my dog for the last few years . He is a mixed breed and very blonde . His coat is very long and silky . He is a registered therapy dog that goes to nursing homes , hospitals and even libraries so he HAS to be well groomed . Because his eyes tend to weep , the discoloration was disconcerting and made him look `` dirty '' . I heard about Angels Eyes through my sister-in-law who has a Maltese . She swears by it so I gave it a try and am so glad that I did ! Great stuff and will not harm your dog in any way .
 This product actually does exactly what it they say it will do . I have a white Havanese dog who had a real problem with tear stains . In about three weeks the red tear stains were almost gone . In six weeks , they were completely gone . My dog does n't mind the taste at all , as long as it is mixed with some wet food . I 'm extremely happy with the product . It 's a bit pricey , but it definitely does the job .
 I tried twice a day cleaning with shampoo , I also tried cotton balls with peroxide -LRB- which does lighten hair/bleach stains , but it dries out the hair making it prone to breakage and can be a slight irritant ... it stings a little if it makes it to the skin level -- try it on your own skin , near your face . . it can sting , and my dog disliked it . -RRB- I started using Angel Eyes and noticed a change the very next day . Although the hair is still stained , the `` wet , brown hair '' was not there anymore . The hair is looking better each day , but of course you have to grow out your stained hair or cut the old stains off . But basically the tearing is gone , and so her face looks really good . Neighbors and friends have noticed.My maltese is 9 pounds , and I believe it says 1/2 a teaspoon for up to 8 pounds , and 3/4 tsp for 9-13 , or something like that , and I did n't want to fool with `` 3/4 tsp '' so I am just using 1/2 a teaspoon , which is a low dose for her , but it is working fine . I put it on any type of moist food and she eats it immediately . I have not seen any ill effects . I am looking forward to decreasing the dose , so that the minimal amount is taken.The price on Amazon is the best I 've found . It was twice the amount at the retail store I found it in . The groom shop said they could not keep it stocked , as it flies off the shelf -LRB- at twice the price -RRB- so obviously it is effective . I do recommend it .
 Excellent product - really does eliminate the tear stains in toy breeds . Just sprinkle it on their food - it must taste Ok because they eat it ... and within a week or two you will notice the difference
 Product is great - tear stains are non-existent ! Just make sure to keep using consistently otherwise the stains will return .
 After a couple of weeks I noticed a great improvement in my puppies tear stains . She took to the flavor very well and had no bad reactions . I was reccomended this product by the breeder I got her from and it does work !
 I used this on my Shih Tzu and it completely cleared up her tear and saliva stains . It took about 8 weeks to completely go away . You could see the new stainfree hair growing in within a couple weeks . I trimmed away some of the stains and let it grow until all was clear . Her hair is white so it really showed badly . Did not have any side effects . Works great !
 The results have been amazing - the product results I have seen match the results they promote . Highly recommend this product .
 I was highly skeptical at first because we tried almost everything to stop the staining of my white Lhasa Apso 's feet . After about three months after using Angel 's Eyes , the staining due too his constant licking has pretty much disappeared . He has n't stopped the licking , so this will not probably not stop that -LRB- unless it is so much a habit he keeps doing it -RRB- . His face is also very much improved . I will highly recommend this , but it will not work overnight , you must be patient . If only he would stop licking his feet !
 I am only a month into using this product but as of right now it looks like it is working .
 My dog has only been on it for 1 month but his tear stain pruduction has slowed way down already .
 Angel Eyes is one product that lives up to expectations . It is worth every penny of its rather hefty price . Angel Eyes does not stop tearing , but what it does do is stop the tears from staining the face . I have a white Miniature Poodle that competes in Agility . By using Angel Eyes , his striking handsome face is stain free ! Thank you Angel Eyes !
 I first bought this at a Doggie Boutique for my Shih Tzu , she had a horrible odor from her eyes and bathing did n't help it just came right back . The groomers there recommended it . After using it for a few days the smell was gone . Now I stock up on the big bottle because you still have to use it a couple times a week to keep the smell away . My friends use it on their Maltese because it keeps her eye area nice and white instead of that brownish color .
 It really does work ! I used a little less than recommended and the results are very amazing . You 'll see results within a couple days ! Outstanding product . I purchased it at a great price and shared it with a friend ! You wo n't be disappointed !
 I have heard nothing but great things about Angel eyes since I bought my 2 white Maltese puppies . One of them had continuous dark nose due to the residue from tear stain . I purchased a bottle of Angel eyes which within a couple weeks , I began to see his hair/coat on his nose again which prior to the Angel eyes , it was constantly damp . I was amazed with the instant results . However , I do want to mention that both bottles that I purchased , when I took the cap off , the sealant of the bottle came off with the cap meaning it was not completely sealed . The bottle comes half full which I am not sure if this is normal since I have not purchased one anywhere else .
 After reading some negative reviews I bought this small bottle . I had tried other products for the staining under my bichon 's eyes , but nothing worked . When he got an eye infection I figured ... why not ? It actually helped his eye infection clear up . So I bought the large bottle . Yes , I do understand that it has a form of antibiotics - but it does help his eyes as well as the staining . He is much more happy without his eye infection!This small bottle does not hold much , but it is good for a trial .
 I have used this product for over a year . It works wonders on my 2 chinese crested powder puffs . Absolutey no stains around eyes or mouths .
 We have a beautiful white Havanese . He had unsightly stains under his eyes and around his mouth . We tried several products that were supposed to eliminate the stains with absolutely no positive results . We decided to try Angels ' Eyes after reading reviews of the product on the internet.It worked immediately ! He has no tear stains at all and he also has no stains around his mouth . We have continued to use a 1/2 teaspoon on his food daily for the last year . Thank you Angel Eyes !!
 It 's been only 3 weeks since I started mixing the Angels ' Eyes with the dogfood for my Lhatese . I can already see the difference it has made and I would highly recommend this for your pets . Also , I really appreciate the special price that is extended to Amazon.com customers !
 I tried Angels Eyes at the recommended dose for three days , and it worked quickly . Then my 20 pound Bichon threw up . It may have been the mulch she ate , but I discontinued the Angels Eyes for three weeks . Then I started back at a much reduced dosage . I call it a pinch a day with her breakfast . It took a little longer , but that ugly red that covered her mouth and drained from her eyes is gone ! My vet was very impressed with the results , as was I . So far , so good !
 If your dog has tear stains - and you 've tried everything - you 've got to try Angels ' Eyes . This product is everything it claims to be . I checked with my vet prior to trying Angels ' Eyes . The product is completely safe and the results are remarkable !! I dosed as recommended initially and within two weeks -LRB- and the next hair cut -RRB- the stains were gone . I use it only once a week for maintenance and have been for six years . You 'll be amazed you did n't try it sooner .
 Angels ' Eyes Tear-Stain Eliminator for Dogs , 120-Gram BottleMy white hair dog had brown stains on her face from over-active tear ducts . I tried a tear stain remover from the pet store that did nothing . Then I heard about Angels ' Eyes . Within about a week after I began using it , I noticed the difference . I have been using Angels ' Eyes for a year and she looks great . This is a powder that I mix with her food ~ she is a fussy eater , but I 've had no problem with her eating this product .
 The product worked great for my bichon frise . The brown went away a few days after I started using it .
 My Bichon and Pomeranian both had terrible tearing stains until I tried Angels Eyes . Problem gone ... it works .
 I have a long hair Chihuahua , and she had terrible stains and even some crusty residue around her eyes . I tried a lot of different products and diets but nothing worked , until I started using Angels ' Eyes . Within a week her eyes where clear and in a couple of weeks the stains were gone . This is a great product .
 I noticed a remarkable difference in just one week . I followed the directions faithfully . My only recommendation is to buy a larger amount . I bought the 30 gram bottle -LSB- just to try -RSB- and I am almost out after just 6 weeks . I have not tried any other product regarding red tear stains . This product was the one everybody seemed to recommend . Darlene in Merrimac , Ma .
 This is an amazing product . Our little year old poodle mixes had disfiguing red and brown eye stains that cleared up quickly once we began using Angels ' Eyes . Now they have pretty eyes with no side effects . I highly recommend this product .
 I have five Maltease dogs who had a horrible problem with tear staining . Nothing I did seem to help and it was getting out of control !!! I heard about Angels Eyes my granddaughter-in-law who also has a Maltease , however her `` Jake '' has the most handsome face -- NO TEAR STAINS !! I decided to give it a try and IT WORKS !!! I was giving it to them on their food everyday -LRB- and they love it -RRB- but now I just use it once every other week or so . Now I have beautiful female Maltease dogs . I HIGHLY recommend ANGEL EYES TEAR STAIN REMOVER !!!
 I have tried a variety of products for this problem and none have worked before . Angel Eyes is the first effective treatment for tear stains I 've found .
 When we picked up our beautiful Bichon Frise puppy at 13 weeks old he was snow white ! Within just a few weeks he was showing signs of staining at the corners of his eyes , but mostly around his mouth . I was washing him multiple times a week , sometimes with whitening shampoo to no avail . I called the breeder whom we purchased him from and she immediately recommended Angel Eyes . I put off ordering it , hoping the groomer would have a more immediate `` fix '' , however when I picked him up there was no change . The groomer , an award winning groomer of Bichons , also recommended Angel Eyes . I went home , got on the internet and started to do some reading . The overwhelming response from reviews was that this stuff really works . I purchased through Amazon - by far the best price I could find - and was shocked to receive it only two days later , even with the free shipping promo . Our puppy has been eating it easily - just sprinkled on top of his kibble - for three weeks now and just yesterday after his bath I was able to cut off all of the staining from around his eyes and I can see `` white roots '' around his mouth ! He had none of the reactions or side affects that some dog owners have reported , and he eats it without concealing in other treats . I would highly recommend this product to dog owners with white of light color dogs !
 Works great ... beautiful eyes in just 3 weeks but once you start if you cut back , even a lttle , the tearing returns along with the itchy eyes and before long , the fur staining .
 I got an 8 week old maltichon and her eyes were stained . I started using this and in 3 weeks the stains were gone ! The stained hair has grown out and has been trimmed away . No more stains . I used topical treatments and they did not work , but this does . I will continue to use it . I only use it every other day now .
 I think this is a wonderful product for white dogs -- completely eliminates those awful red stains on light-colored dogs . I 'm completely sold on this item !
 Friends were over the other night & commented how great my dogs eyes looked after a month of using Angel Eyes . The tear stains are just about gone .
 We adopted a bichon a few years ago from a rescue shelter . He was a mess with brown spots all around his mouth and eyes After using angel eyes according to their instructions , all the brown has disappeared and he has stayed without the staining for over a year . I 've since reordered it to help with his hot spots and it appears to have helped with that too.It 's an amazing product and would strongly recommend it .
 I have been giving my white poodle Bella Angel Eyes for about 6 months.It works great but I have to mix it in some canned cat food so she will eat it . I only have to give her a small amount even though she is 11 pounds . After about two months you can start giving it less often . She had a lot of tear stains and very watery eyes before . Now her face stays clean ! I started seeing a big difference after only a couple of weeks.I recommend this product to anyone with a dog with tear stains and/or wet dirty looking face !
 It 's so refreshing to purchase a product that actually performs as advertised ! We have 2 white coated dogs -- both a Jack Russell and a toy poodle . We tried everything imaginable to remove the `` tear stains '' , which made both dogs look rather sad.After using `` Angel Eyes '' for less than 1 month -- both dogs have pristine coats around their eye area . I rarely write reviews but this product deserves recognition . Bravo to the manufacturers of Angel Eyes . We love you !
 VERY PLEASED WITH THIS PRODUCT . OUR YORKIE HAD NASTY LOOKING EYES BEFORE WE STARTED USE . AFTER FOUR WEEKS , THERE IS AN AMAZING DIFFERENCE .
 I think this product is wonderful . I noticed a difference in both my dogs after using it for only a week . I would recommend it to anyone who has a dog with tear stains .
 My Bichon Frise had really bad red stains under his eyes and on his foot that he kept chewing on ... vet just told me it would go away & the groomer just continued to cut it away . It did n't go away ; it just got worse . Then I discovered this product on a Bichon Frise website . It started working within a couple weeks -LRB- which is what the maker claims ... not any faster -RRB- . I have gotten down to the maintenance amount -LRB- twice a week -RRB- and it continues to work just fine . My dog has no problem with it in his food . We are extremely happy with Angels Eyes ... it solved a very bad problem !
 This product is amazing . We found a Maltese at a shelter that had been thoroughly neglected . His eyes were really brownish red all around them and lots of discharge . A friend told us about this product and we were totally amazed at how a few weeks later using this Mason 's eyes were white all around them and no discharge . I highly reccommend this product .
 I have a little malshi puppy with terrible red tear-stained eyes . I washed her eyes daily and the stains just got worse . I read the excellent reviews for Angel Eyes and decided that I have to try it . I give her 1/8 tsp of Angel Eyes and mix it with a tsp of plain yogurt every morning and she loves it ! I saw results within a week and was totally amazed . I cut the stained hair around her eyes and the new hair growth is clean . This product is well worth the money because a little bit goes a long way .
 We have been using Angel Eyes for just better than a month and the results have been truly amazing . Our 12 year old Bichon Frise has severe allergies which contributes to the dark staining around her entire face . Within 30 days there has been a noticeable improvement -LRB- over 70 % reduction in the staining -RRB- and we anticipate that we she is professionally groomed for the second time in about 3 weeks that she will be nearly white . This would be a first since she was a puppy .
 Definately and improvement in keeping the white hair around the eyes of my maltee/shih tzu whiter . It does n't completely eradicate the red discharge , but the eyes are much less red-tinged than without it .
 I got a malitpoo puppy , who was the cutest thing I had ever seen . The only thing that bothered me was the chocolate colored tears that constantly poured out and stained his fur . This product changes the color of the tears to clear , the tears are still there but the color doesn ' t stain . I think it is a great product , and continue to use it . You 'll see changes within a week , use it everyday at first and then taper off to a few days a week .
 Before I give my 3 dogs anything I read all about it first and after looking at all the pros & cons on this product I bought a small bottle . I was amazed how GREAT it worked . I have 2 Maltese 's , my older Maltese eyes are beautiful , no tear marks at all plus after drinking water she does n't stain either BUT my year old Maltese is another story . Her eyes were so stained and she has a beautiful face and after she drinks the stain on her mouth was pretty bad too . I used Angel Eyes at first every day for 3 weeks and I was amazed how her eyes cleared up , now I use it once a week . The antibiotic in it has made me more cautious plus she hates it , so I mix it with a few drops of water and use an eye dropper . I tried all different ways but the minute she tasted it she would n't eat anything I put it in so the water method works for me . She has had no side effects at all , NONE . My dogs are my life and I would never give them anything that was unsafe for vanity . When you have a beautiful dog with such a pretty face & it 's marked with black spots you want to do your best to correct it . I swear by Angel Eyes now & just bought the larger bottle . You can judge how often your dogs need it a I did . . Good luck and I hope this helps . . Joanna
 I have a 4 year old American Eskimo , and this product has worked WONDERS on her eye secretions . As an added bonus , she absolutely LOVES the taste and gets so excited when it 's dinner time!My concern has to do with what I am seeing with her fur clumping and falling out . It happens right around her hip area , on both sides , I can sit with her and gently pull out at least 4 handfuls of white fur.I was hoping this would dissipate when I went down to feeding every other day , as per the instructions ... but I really am not even sure if it 's due to Angel Eyes.Although , I have never seen her shed like this - even in summer the last 3 years when we were n't using Angel Eyes.Anyone have similar experiences that could help me determine if this is hurting her?thanks .
 i have used angel eyes for about a month and noticed two poodles out of three who 's eyes were clearing up , but were vomiting also . i stopped the treatment for two weeks and have recently started up again giving all my poodles the minimum dose and so far no vomiting . one of the reasons i started giving angel eyes again is because i found that it took away their bad breath . i dont feed them angel eyes on a daily bases because i feel that angel eyes is a bit strong and im leery about the vomiting starting up again . i rated this product 4 stars because of the high price and two out of three poodles eyes that cleared up .
 I ca n't believe the results we got with this product . We have a Maltese whose sweet white face was ALWAYS stained very badly . Her face was constantly wet , with dark , dark brown stains . I tried EVERYTHING . We constantly washed her face , changed her food to try to eliminate anything that could be causing the problem there , kept her away from anything that could irritate her eyes . But no matter what we did she was still a mess ! Then we tried Angel Eyes and voila ! White face . Beautiful dry , white face . If I had n't seen it with my own eyes I would never have believed it . If you 're debating whether to buy this product or not - stop it ! Just buy the stuff ! It works !!!
 This is the first time that I am using Angels ' Eyes , tear stain remover , and it does work . My rescue dog no longer has under-eye circles or pink paws and marks around his mouth . He is completely white . The best part is that he loves the taste !
 After asking the vet if this medicine was safe for our dog , I decided to try it . Simon our Bichon is our baby and the meds work quite well . There are no more red streaks down his face and he is much more presentable . It does however leave a slight black residue , but compared to what was going on before this is quite acceptable . So I clean his coat at the eye with a eye wash . I strongly recomend this product . It works about 90 % efficiency . Definately worth the cost and effort . As for Simon taking the meds , I found mixing a quarter of a teaspoon with peanut butter with hot water , diluting it to a liquid works great . Very satisfied consumer .
 My dog groomer recommend this product after I had asked her to recommend some medicated eye wipes for my Shih Tzu / Maltese puppy . She said the wipes did n't really do much , but Angel Eyes worked from the inside out . I 've been using it for a little over a month , my puppy 's eyes are goop-free and there are no telling tear stains on her face . It comes in a number of flavors -- I chose Beef . You simply sprinkle a bit into their food each day . I saw results the first week .
 I have a white and tan chihuahua named Rotten Johnny who constantly suffered from dark brown tear stains under his eyes . I tried just about everything in the book and nothing worked . We scrubbed with numerous cleaners to no avail . When we moved back home to Jacksonville , FL we began taking our dogs to our family vet at Brentwood Animal Clinic . Dr. Hightman suggested Angel Eyes so we tried it . In as little as a week we could already see the difference . I will be a lifetime customer . I found it significantly cheaper on Amazon than at the vet so I buy it from Amazon now . Trust me , if you have the same problem we did , this will fix it and you will never look back .
 Angels ' Eyes Tear-Stain Eliminator for Dogs , 120-Gram BottleThis is great for your dog if they are getting ruddy brown tear stains or paw staining from licking . My dogs looks and feels better . Lynn from TX
 It took a while for us to see the difference , but we noticed IMMEDIATELY when we stopped using this product . It really stopped the staining on our Shih Tzu . It was recommended to me by a Maltese owner and again by a friend who shows dogs . I have yet to find anything that is easier -LRB- just sprinkle on their food ! -RRB- and works better !!!
 If you want instant results try bleach . Just kidding . Angel Eyes does not work that fast , so be patient . After about two month or so you will see a difference and it will keep getting better . Follow the formula specified on the bottle and you will get rid of stain from your precious dogs face . As it works , you can decrease the `` dosage . '' I got an excellent price for this product from INTIRELY PETS through Amazon.com . `` Try it you 'll like it . ''
 i have 2 bichon frise dogs who battle stains mostly around the mouth . one has tear stains as well , but since using this product , the difference is amazing . the stains are fading and at a decent pace . i plan to keep using this as the bottle directs as i am thrilled with the results !!!
 My Bichon Frise never had much staining until she turned 4 years old ; both her groomer and vet commented on what an oddity she was as most white Bichons have tear staining . However , while transitioning through a move relocation last summer , almost immediately her entire face became stained as well as her paws . Any of several things could have triggered the staining
 I have a Maltese that I adopted from a rescue group after a puppy mill was raided . She was stained yellow on her ears , rear , sides and stomach from laying in her own urine . She also had the most horrible red/gooey mess by her eyes . When I did a little research and found out that that was called Red Yeast , I knew I had to do something to get this off her face . Since it was so close to her eyes , I was afraid to wash it really well . My vet recommended Angel Eyes . I started giving it to her when she was 4 months old and the difference was amazing ! Her fur turned completely white and the eye drainage even stopped !! Due to financial strain , I was n't able to buy more Angel Eyes for about a month and her eyes started looking terrible again . They were red and moist all the time . Even the skin under that mess looked bad . It looked raw and sore and sometimes I would notice small places where it would bleed . As soon as I was able to , I got more Angel Eyes . That was less than a month ago and the difference is night and day ! As long as I 'm able to , my girl will ALWAYS have Angel Eyes !! My friend has a Shih Tzu that is not solid white . Dana is dark grey and white , mostly dark grey . My friend gives Dana Angel Eyes and she can see a big difference since starting the product even on a dog that is n't mostly white.You just sprinkle it on their food and they really seem to like the flavor ! Fantastic product !! Definitely recommend this !!!
 This product really works . My dog had really dark tear stains and in about three weeks the stains are almost completely gone . I strongly recommend this product .
 I was aprehensive about this product because it had gotten such rave reviews and most of the time things do n't work as well as they have been told built up to be . However , this product is an exception ... it definitely works ! I had to disguise the taste for my dog but that is the only negative about it . I noticed a big difference within one week .
 This is the greatest product ! I 've tried everything for the stains on my white faced bulldog . My dog has a deep wrinkles around her eyes . The redness was horrible . I would say it took just under two weeks to see the redness completely disappear . It is quite expensive and I have recently run out . I most definitely order again . It is expensive but it is worth it , as it works like a charm . Also , worth noting ... my dogs overall coat -LRB- which is all white -RRB- looks snowy white , brighter and plush .
 After many trips to the vet & unsuccessful efforts at cleaning & medicating my dog 's eyes , I discovered `` Angel Eyes '' ! Amazon 's price is half what I was paying for this product.I was delighted with my purchase.Now there is no staining at all .
 My baby had horrible tear stained eyes until I started adding Angel 's eyes to her food . It works wonders ! Her tear stained have disappeared ! I had asked their vet about the product and she said it works on some dogs , but apparently not on all . So I would suggest your start with the smaller bottle . If it works for your baby , I 'm sure you 'll be buying the super sized like I do now .
 This purchase was my third bottle of Angel 's Eyes . I find that it works well on my poodle . I only give it to him twice a week , as it states in the directions . I find that it 's an adequate amount to take care of the eye staining . It must taste alright , because there is no problem having him take it , while mixed with his food . I would highly recommend this product . I received it in just a few days after placing the order . I purchased this item at Amazon , and found this to be the best price .
 I have n't tried it yet since our Vet said to wait until adult teeth come in , but so far , all of the Vets we have talked with and all of the pet stores -LRB- even the ones who do n't carry Angel Eyes -RRB- say it is the best for removing tear stains . We have n't found any topical treatment that works but really want to avoid trimming our Coton 's face to get rid of the stains . I would say by reputation that Angel Eyes is the only thing to try for tear stains .
 I have used Angels ' Eyes for almost 3 years for my Brussel Griffon . He has a red yeast allergy and this is truly the only product that works . I have tried other substitutes only to have tear stains return . It takes about 1 month for the product to get into the dog 's system , but after that the stains disappear , never to return . You can gradually cut down on the amount given per week until you only need to give it occasionally to stop the tear stains from returning . I highly recommend this for anyone who has a dog with this problem .
 I was skeptical at first but quickly became a believer . With a little bit of peanut butter mixed in , my bichon frise and pekingese eat right out of my hand . Their groomer noticed the improved appearance right away , as did family members who do not see the girls on a regular basis . For pekingese , I believe it helps with the odor associated with the discharge around her eyes/sinuses . To say I 'm satisfied is putting it mildly ! Thank you .
 I have used Angel 's Eyes on my Yorkie-Chon for only about 2 weeks , and already there is a great improvement . The tear stains have almost gone away . We just mix it in with a couple of tablespoons of canned food , and he gobbles it down . He typically eats dry food , and the powder tends to fall down into the bottom of his dish , so the canned food works best , and he is rewarded with a special little treat each day , of great flavored canned food . I am hoping the condition continues to improve ... by the time a month rolls around , I expect even more improvement . I recommend this product to anyone whose dog has a tear stain problem .
 just started using this as it was recommended by a friend who says it works . It is too early yet to tell on my dog if it is working or not .
 Our little poodle had terrible tear stains on its face , and paws . She would often rub her face in the carpet to try and get some relief . We tried peroxides , and other grooming tricks . Nothing worked.The groomer recommended Angel Eyes and we tried a small bottle of it.In a few days , the change was noticeable . We bought larger sizes to keep her on the medicine regiment.Now her fur is white , and she even seems to be more playful.Thank you Angel Eyes !
 We raise and breed Shar Peis . Our fawn female was having excessive tear staining and Angel Eyes was recommended to us . Within about 10 days of using it we could start to see a change ; by 3 weeks a siginificant change.Would recommend this to anyone with a light-coated canine -LRB- or feline ? -RRB- . I sprinkle right on her dog food . The other dogs -LRB- chocolate , black & blue -RRB- ; though they do n't require it are keen to eat her food because it 's different .
 Although it did n't last long , a couple weeks , I feel this product does work very well . In that time -LRB- 2 weeks -RRB- my dogs eyes stopped staining . I 'm going to wait to see how long it takes for Rambos eyes to start staining again .
 She just started taking this , but already it has made a difference . I got beef but she does n't seem to like it too much so I just mix it in with something soft .
 This is the 2nd purchase I have made for Angel 's eyes . I have a Toy Poodle and if you have ever owned one , you know how their eyes can look - brown and stained . It takes so much away from their cuteness ! I started using as directed once a day - but she seemed a little `` off '' or lethargic - maybe her stomach . I changed to a smaller dose every other day - that really worked for her . Not only do her eyes look amazing , her whole white curly coat looks better - and she feels better because she looks good . I recommend this product !
 I have tried every idea on the internet on how to get rid of the tear stains . Non of them worked.I did n't want to try Angel Eyes because of the antibiotics in the ingredients . Finally after my puppy turned one I decided to go ahead with the stuff . Took one week , no more stains . I continue to give my dog an 1/8th of tsp 3 times a week for maintence . He looks so much better plus the wet/gooey face is all gone . He has had no bad reactions from the antibiotics in Angel Eyes . Plus the price from Amazon was the best to be found .
 I purchased this product for my 4 month old Bolognese pup who was having a terrible tearing problem which seemed to be worse in one eye . I could tell they were bothering him as he was always pawing at his eyes even after my cleaning them w / a warm wash cloth daily . I popped for the large 120 gram bottle of Angle Eyes and started him off with 1/4 tsp daily . He would n't eat it when I sprinkled it over dry food so I bought some wet and started mixing everything together . Once I made this switch he ate it all and even licked the bowl . Now the product does take some time to work but within a month I noticed a marked difference . He 's been on it about 6 weeks now and the pawing at the eyes has stopped , I only need to clean his eyes ever 3-4 days , and the discoloration is improving . After reading several other reviews I know I need to give this product more time to work fully but I must say , I 'm sold .
 I have a Bichon Frise and Angels Eyes has truely been a miracle for her . My dog , even as a puppy , has had a terrible problem of brown tear stains on her face . Being a white dog , it really was quite obvious . After starting her on Angels Eyes , within a couple of weeks , it was amazing to see the difference . It 's not a over night process . But it 's sure worth the wait . You might think it 's expensive . But once they are on it for a couple of months , you can cut back to every other day . That cuts the cost . I buy the 120 gram bottle and it last for quite some time . Thank you Angels Eyes . Now my baby looks like a show dog .
 Best I have seen yet to cure the tearing problem on my dogs . I was completely amazed . It took about a week to begin seeing the difference and about two weeks to see the tearing almost gone . With reduced use after three weeks , the tearing stays at bay and the dogs look good . This is not a cheap fix , but it does work great . It must be used continually at a much reduced rate -LRB- see instructions -RRB- to keep your dogs looking great . Buying at a larger quantity does reduce the price for use . And it must be used continually to keep the tearing gone .
 works great . i use 1/4 tsp every day with my maltese that is about 12lbs . if i stop using it for a few days ... he will get the tear stain . angel eyes is definitely worth it .
 I have two Maltese , and their tear stain used to be horrible , creating big red circles around their eyes . As soon as I started using Angels ' Eyes the red disappeared , and now their faces are pure white . I 've been using it for several years , and I still add it to their dry food every day -- but less than their recommendation . I pinch some powder and sprinkle it over the top of the food . My dogs have tolerated it very well -- and it actually works !! Furthermore , Amazon is by far the least expensive place to buy . 240 grams for $ 65 ?? A steal -- and it 's lasted me forever . I 'm sure I 've had this bottle more than 6 months . It 's close to miraculous !
 We have tried so many wipes for our dog , gave her a so called special dietnothing seemed to really work , than our local Petsmart store mentionedAngel Eyes which many of her customers had tried and were amazied how wellit worked within a few weeks of use.So we tried it , and have been using it for about a month now what amazingresults , our pet will be on this product forever , unless there is someunknown reaction , its our choice.Thank You :
 I have heard the good and bad reviews , but I love this product for my chihuahua . I give the lowest dose as directed then stoped when it cleared , and it has helped him so much , no crusty yuck I was always washing off -LRB- which must have been ichy and uncomfortable for him -RRB- I have used this on and off on my other chihuahuas with great results since I discovered this product a few years ago .
 My Longcoat Chihuahua developed terrible eye watering and red staining which I asked my veterinarian about while I had him there for a different issue . She suggested Angel 's Eyes and did say it 's main ingredient is an antibiotic , Tylosin , otherwise know as tetracycline used for many human and animal infections . Eye tearing is the result of inflammation and generally goes unnoticed until a bacterial stage which catches our attention with the red staining.I used Angel 's Eyes as directed and the tearing stopped within 10 days . However , the staining remains on the hair until it grows out and can be clipped.Chihuahua hair around the eyes and snout does n't grow that fast , so I used 21st Century Tear Stain Remover . It 's made in the USA . I have applied it once a day for more than a month and the stain remains.I did n't realize the extent of my Chihuahua 's eye watering , crusting and staining until treatment with Angel 's Eyes . His eyelids and eye lashes had also been affected.His eyes cleared beautifully , so I decreased treatment from daily to three times a week.Within two months , the eye watering and stain returned , so I went back to every-day dosing.For some reason , it 's not working as well this time.I 'm giving Angel 's Eyes a four-star because it worked superbly well the first time but the tearing and staining has reoccured . Not as bad , but still some watering and staining.I do believe Angel 's eyes is well worth a try and my dog just might need different treatment or increased dosing , which I 'll check with my vet .
 I am amazed at the results from Angel Eyes . We have a 2 year old white boxer and she had extreme tear staining which was highlighted due to her colour . After 4 weeks use the staining has stopped and virtually disappeared , what staining remains is slowly growing out . Great product can highly recommend it .
 Very good product . It does what it says it does . After 2 months using it our Coton de Tulear got perfectly clean eyes . We stoped giving it about 6 months ago and eyes still clean .
 This works like a charm for my Maltese ... We had tried everything ... and we just put it in her food 3 times a week now ... Excellent product
 We 've used this product for a year now , and it works really well . Our pup used to have big dark stains under both eyes , and a few months after using Angel Eyes , the stains started to diminish . Now one side is completely clear , and the other side is like 98 % clear . Our pup is 13 pounds and the 120-gram bottle lasted one year for us , but we 've actually been giving our pup a small amount every day -LRB- instead of reducing the normal serving to twice a week like the Amazon product description says -RRB- . We 'll definitely continue to use this product , and I highly recommend it to others!I bought another bottle on Feb. 12 , 2012 for $ 31.56 + prime
 Having used Angel Eyes for years - I can attest that it works , and it works beautifully . When our mostly white English Bulldog began having tear stains we tried virtually everything under the sun.Some products had marginal to good results but these products simply `` bleach '' the stain away they do n't eliminate the cause.Tear stains are usually a result of a yeast infection , which can and often does spread to the ears . For Harley it works wonders , all the time and every time.Please note this is no overnight cure , it takes a couple of weeks to totally eliminate the stains but we see marked improvement in the first week and by the third the stains are gone , and so is the crusty gunk that often accompanies them.There is debate about the ingredient `` Tylosin '' which is a low grade antibiotic , that 's been used with horses , cattle and domestic pet animals for decades.As someone who makes their own dog food , using tiny amount of quality grain free kibble -LRB- Solid Golds -LRB- Hund-en - Flocken -RRB- for texture , essential vitamins and trace minerals , I was concerned about this too.I 've researched Tylosin countless times , and have gotten positive feedback from our Veterinarian and a friend who is a Homeopathic nutritionist for animals . The bottom line is
 A friend recommended this stuff to me for our MalShi . His eyes would run constantly and it would get really gross and his face always smelled terrible because of it . I used a teaspoon of this mixed with a teaspoon of butter and he eats it up . He love it ! Also , NO MORE STINKY STAINS ! Its awesome ! He looks soo great now and we can actually cuddle with him and play with him without getting grossed out ! It also seems to have softened his coat . That was an unexpected bonus!Love , love LOVE this product!Kristi
 This product helped me a lot with my shih Tzu dog , she used to have a lot of discharge from her eyes , and it was all gone since the day I started using this product . It is very good , has all natural materials , and my dog even likes her food more when I add the Angel Eyes because it has beef flavor.I highly recommend this product , very satisfied with it ...
 I just bought this small bottle to try it on our white poodle mix . It appears to be working as advertised . I bought the 120 gram bottle and will continue to use it . I feel the stains under Andrew 's eyes spoil his appearance . I will be glad when the remaining stains can be clipped away .
 Angel Eyes worked on my Maltipoo in just 2 weeks . She looks great ! I think it even made her coat softer . I tried other products after bathing her and they did n't work.Angels ' Eyes Tear-Stain Eliminator for Dogs , 120-Gram Bottle
 If you own a white , silky haired Maltese or otherbreed of dog , then you have to get this product !!! THIS STUFF REALLY WORKS . !!!! Our little guy hasabsolutely NO yellow on his face since applyingAngel Eyes to his food . And the price here is GREAT !!
 Have been using this product about three weeks on my 3-year-old Maltepoo and I ca n't believe how quickly it worked ! After only a few days I started seeing results and now her stain is gone for the first time in her life . Wish I 'd heard about this product sooner . It 's expensive , but I 'd recommend it to anybody who struggles with keeping the dreaded tear stains away .
 Purchased this product for my two eskies . Works ok , give it to them everyday on top of wet food . it fades out the undercoat of tear stain , but it does n't stop the tear stain from being made . In other words , it makes it look good on the fur around the eye and rear end , but once the eye tears there is more stain . We keep the dogs eyes pretty dry . Also only takes away stain on very under part of the eye , not all around the eye . Overpriced for the results we have seen .
 I am looking forward to receiving my order of Angel 's Eyes to use on my Maltipoo.But I just wanted to add some info that a nice lady gave me regarding tear stains . She suggested that I buy puppy/dog food that does not contain ` beet pulp ' . She has several poodles and when she stop buying food that contained ` beet pulp ' ... the poodles tears stopped staining . Just thought I pass along the info .
 Angel Eyes transformed my beautiful puppy , who once had rusty stains running down his face , into a handsome little guy . He now has clean white hair surrounding his eyes . Before using Angel Eyes , Tucker looked so stained that I had doubts this product would really work . But after using Angel Eyes for a few weeks , my skepticism soon turned into optimism . Tucker is stain free . I LOVE THIS PRODUCT . When used as directed , it truly works .
 Our 4-pound toy poodle , Coco Chanel had bad tear stains on both eyes . We tried various remedies , but none of them worked . A friend suggested Angels ' Eyes . We started her with Angels ' Eyes on a daily basis and notice a slow but steady improvement until almost all of the tear stains were gone . She does n't like the taste so we feed it to her wrapped in a small piece of ham . After a few months we then switched to twice a week as a maintenance regime . Her stains have not returned and she looks a lot better . When we take her to Paris with us , she attracts everyone 's attention . I highly recommend this product .
 I bought this stuff for my white toy poodle . He had really bad stained eyes , that were always wet and brown . After about 3 weeks , his face was almost completely stain free ! After 2 months , his face was totally stain free . Now he has been on it for 6 months , his face is so white , and DRY !!! I am so happy with this stuff , and will always buy it !
 seller great thank i well test out see if works on first month so far.drdave
 it 's expensive but I only use a little bit once a day . the taste is horrible if i put it in her food she wo n't eat so I do the peanut butterthing . I saw results the next day , now her eyes are beautiful . it really is worth the $ , I 've wasted $ on so many things/creams that did n't do anything . Wish they would make it more palatable though .
 We had tried everything to clean the area around our dog 's eyes ... she is a white Maltese ... nothing worked until we tried Angels Eyes.This stuff is easy to use , safe , and totaly effective .
 This is the only product I 've found -LRB- and I 've tried many -RRB- that actually stops the tear staining on my Maltese . I did n't believe that it could , but by the 3rd week , there were no more tear stains . Fantastic stuff !
 This product works . We have a 6 month old English Bulldog . Handsome bullie with Brindle Coat and white face . Feed him high quality food -LRB- some raw and some kibble -RRB- and after about 3 weeks of having home the stains started . I was agitated . Looked all over for a remedy . Dog trainer recommended this product . Three weeks later he was pure white in the face . Love it . No signs of stomach or stool issues . The `` antibiotic '' everyone is concerned about is not as much of a concern as being led to believe . If you 're not a medical person , you really should do deep research before being concerned . I would not offer it to my valuable pet -LRB- both because of the risk of financial loss -LCB- He comes from a long champion bloodline -RCB- as well as the loss of a wonderful dog -RRB- if it were dangerous . Some may or may not agree - but that is my honest feeling . This stuff is safe and it WORKS . I will keep it on hand until I see the first sign of adverse reaction - if it ever happens . If you have the stain problem - give it a try and if you see issues - stop if you think that is best - but its worth the try to offer your friend that beautiful coat . That 's all I 'm gon na say about that '' .
 Nothing else on the animal care market works like this stuff . Unfortunately , these people have cornered that market , and it is exorbitantly expensive . My dogs enjoy the taste ; I do n't have the nerve to tell them about the low-level antibiotic that does all the work -LRB- and wish the makers would more clearly state on the label -RRB- . Seems a bit disingenuous .
 I have used this product before and it worked great . In fact it had been about 3 months since cooky had eaten angel eyes as i had ran out . and stains around her eyes had not returned . I am very pleased with this product .
 I use this on my Maltese ' food every meal just a tiny bit . It keeps his eyes and mouth clean and white . It has worked for me for many years . I have had a previous Maltese and they both liked it on their food .
 It 's the only product that really does keep the brown/rust colored stains away . I have a 1 year old malitchon and have used Angel eyes since she was about 3 months old . The vet recommends and says there are no side effects .
 So far , this product is working very well on our bichon . I have been using it for over a month , and have watched him carefully . There have been no reactions so far , the tear stains are not nearly as bad , and his face is returning to beautiful white . I still clean his tears daily , because while the dark stain is n't there , the tear still leaves a residue that has to be wiped away or it becomes matted in the fur . He 's fine with it - he always gets a treat afterward.Since his food is dry , I could n't just pepper his food with it . Instead , I put it in a heaping teaspoon of plain yogurt , mix it in , and he loves the stuff . I 'm concerned about affects of using the product long term , so I am hoping that the reduced schedule will work.There was a small problem with the packaging that the seller DogStuff-4u took care of immediately and efficiently . I highly recommend .
 We have a Maltese who had awful drainage around his eyes . We would try to keep them wiped , but it just was n't doing much . One time when friends came over they looked at him and said , `` Does he have an eye disease - poor dog ! '' So I tried eye wipes and liquid that is to be used on the discolored hair - but neither item worked . After looking on-line I decided to purchase a small bottle of Angle Eyes , but I did n't want to pay shipping , so I bought it locally . It was $ 32 for a tiny bottle - like 30 grams . I could see it was eliminating the discharge from his eyes within a week . The bottle only lasted about three weeks , so I then bought a 250 gram bottle on-line and with shipping it was less than $ 60 - wow . And it should last us for a long time . It is impressive to me that the bottle indicates that after using it for 3 months we reduce using it to 4 times a week and after 6 months you are down to twice a week . It says you can discontinue use after 9 months . That 's some pretty reasonably priced medicine if you look at it that way . We are very happy with it , and are looking forward to when all of the old stained hair has grown out and his face is all white . Since his beard hair is so long , it is taking a while , but the shorter hair around his eyes is already a wonderful white - and he no longer looks like he has a disease !
 This is a great product . It took about one week for it to clear up white dog 's eyes and worked like a charm . I do notice that if you stop using the product for a couple of days the tear stains will return so it is important to use it every day . As of now my little maltese white puppy has crystal clear eyes with no staining . It works great !
 We have a one year-old bulldog and were really struggling with his wrinkles always looking awful and appearing like they were getting infected . Because it 's a dry powder , it 's important to shake it up well before using . I mix it with plain yogurt -LRB- really good for all dogs , but especially good for bulldog issues -RRB- in the food bowl along with the dog food and then splash a little warm water to make a gravy , and `` Biggie '' the bulldog loves it . Angel Eyes has really helped to make his wrinkles look much better and makes cleaning them so much easier . Great product !
 I 've tried so many things to clean my dog 's eyes and mouth and nothing ever worked , it was frustrating , Until I found Angel Eyes . First , I thought it was too expensive , but I bought it wishing that would work . And it did work beautifully . This product worth every cent . This is the second time I buy it , and now in a bigger size . I 've read a review from somebody complaining that the dog had diarrhea , well , I would not give the amount they recommend . I sprinkle probably 1/4 the amount they recommend and it still work and I get to save too.I hope it helps you .
 This product has been working really well so far . I have been using it for a month now and I can already see a true difference . I thought it would take at least 2 months until I saw anything but it seems to work faster on my bichon/shih tzu mix . I can see when she is tearing up but it is a clear color now so I can tell it is working . I was n't sure what to mix this with at first because it is way too messing to just sprinkle on her dry food so I bought some canned pumpkin and mixed the recommended amount with that . I ran out of the pumpkin once and used peanut butter since she loves it so much . She ate it but it does n't mix as well as the pumpkin . I will buy this again once we run out in another month .
 This works amazingly . Prescription meds , eye ointments and even shampoos did n't clear the tear stains , but this product makes the most wonderful difference . Would highly recommend it to anyone whose dog has tear stains . It also alleviates chronic `` dog breath '' in our older dogs which is a benefit we did n't expect . The brochure suggested it would do this , but we did n't expect it . Boy , were we surprised when we found it really does all the things it claims to . 5 stars and many more .
 I 've used this on Bailey since mid Dec 2008 . He no longer has the redish brown stains around his eyes . This works great .
 It really helps , but my doggy 's eyes still not perfect white , but I am happy anyway . Why I gave 4 , cause it tastes bad , it spoils every food 's taste , so my doggy eats it only if he 's VERY HUNGRY ...
 It took a little time for my dog to get used to it , but it works great . He had really bad red tear stains , which always made him look sad , but no more !
 I have a long hair Chihuahua , and she had horrible stains around her eyes , I 've tried several different products with no results . I started using Angel Eyes two months ago , and those nasty stains are gone . Finally I got a product that really works .
 THis is the best stuff on the market . It may not work overnite but it works within a week of using . I recommend this to everyone . This product is great I have 5 maltese . 3 are 4 month old and everyone of them tolerates this product . I guess Im lucky that they do . But the maltese show dogs are very white . I really can tell the change . I actually ran out and they hadnt had it for a week . And the tear stains came back . Wont let that happen again . I am not one to write review 's , but this one I had to do . For over a year I was asking if there was something out there , THIS IS IT . Dont understand why the Big Pet stores dont stock this stuff .
 This products really does work . I would recommend it for anyone who has problems with tear stains .
 My shih-tzu had terrible matted tearstains when we first got him and I used all sorts of topical cleaners with no or temporary results until a lady in the airport suggested Angel Eyes . Since using it my pup 's eyes and face have cleared up and he is beautiful !
 This is a great product . I noticed results within a week on our dog , i highly recommend . Also Amazon 's price is great . I saw this priced twice as high in the Mall .
 I did n't believe what I had been told about this product , but figured anything was worth a try to help my little white poodle not look like he had two black eyes . Well , this is just unbelievable - within days , I could see it start working ! Every day now , I give him about a Tablespoon of shredded reduced fat cheese with his Angel Eyes sprinkled over it - that way I am assured that he eats it daily as he wo n't miss a chance to have people food . Highly recommended !
 Finally , something that actually works on my Maltese 's eye stain . I have tried numerous other products -LRB- wipes , drops , Mrs. Stewarts Bluing , etc. . . -RRB- with no results . I could see results within the first week . The tear stains are totally gone and have been for several months . Simple to use by just adding to your pets food .
 My poodle had the worst problem of tearing which caused dark stains on his beautiful champagne face . Angel 's Eyes started working immediately and now his eyes water a little still -LRB- much less than before -RRB- , but there is absolutely no staining . Because the base of the product is liver , he loves it and dives into his food eagerly when I add it .
 We have a seven year old Bichon Frise and have tried many things to eliminate the stains from her tears . This is the only one that actually works and there 's no fear of injury to her eyes . We asked our vet if he thought it was safe and he said he had no reason to recommend we not use it .
 I started using angels ' eyes on my maltese-shi tzu 8 weeks ago . I noticed a considerable decrease in the rusty stains on his white face within the first TWO weeks . This product delivers on its ' promises . I actually gave my dog less than recommended daily dose . I would recommend buying the 120 gram size over the 30 gram size -LRB- it is a better deal and I found that I used up the 30 gram container in about 3 weeks -RRB- .
 This product DOES work . My mother 's white poodle / Bichon Frise mix had the typical teary dark stains on her face that are so common on any white breed of dog , and some cats -LRB- fewer -RRB- . We tried this -LRB- after trying everything else on the market -RRB- and it has definitely worked on the dog . She likes the taste , in fact , prefers to just lick the dose up from a bowl , rather than mixing it in the food as recommended.However , if you read the instructions you see you are supposed to taper it down , and NOT stay at the same starting dose . This works so well because it contains , in part , an ANTIBIOTIC . The antibiotic is Tylosin , a form of Erythromycin . In the past , I 've been told , some veterenarians would give low dose tetracycline or other antibiotics to dogs whose owners could not stand the tear stains ... this is the same concept only touted up with other ingredients and a nice sounding name . -LRB- And a much larger cost ! -RRB- To read more in depth about this antibiotic specifically as used in Angel Eyes , see
 Sweet Potato Angel Eyes is the flavor for picky dogs . I found that this flavor is very mild . My Papillon would not eat the other flavors . After 2 months of usuing this product , her stains are almost gone . This product does work . You have to use it as directed and you will see results .
 I 've been using Angels ' Eyes on my Maltese for nearly his whole life and am satisfied with the product . I decided to try this new flavor when I saw it was available as I did n't really like the smell of the original one when I was putting it in his food -LRB- and could n't fathom that the chicken would be any better ! -RRB- . There is no odor at all to this one and it is working just as well to keep the staining from his eyes . It 's Angels ' Eyes sweet potato flavor from now on in this house !
 This product really works . My Coton no longer has the unsightly brownish colored stains on his face . I was amazed that the stains started going away after only one week on this product . I will say that after a couple of weeks he refused to eat his food if it had Angle 's Eyes in it and disliked it even more in his water . Since I was n't going to stop giving him the Anglel 's Eyes as it was working so well , I came up with something that worked for him . I started mixing it in with a little peanut butter and fed it to him on pieces of broken up dog biscuits or treats . He loved that and now looks forward to getting this special `` treat '' every day . So , do n't be deterred if you pet does n't like the taste - simply mix it in with something he loves and he will gobble it right up .
 It works quickly and this is a great price . Results on my Shih-Tzu in days . I do n't use the full dose , but did for about a week . Now I give her what amounts to a little more than 1/3 the recommended amount and I am happy with the looks of the new hair growth . She does n't mind the taste -- to me it smells like a mild dog food .
 Our Shih Tzu had terrible tear stains under his eyes , but after using this product they are gone . This product really works ! The only problem we had was mixing it with his food . He would only eat if he was very hungry -LRB- I tasted it myself - it was TERRIBLE -RRB- . Then we tried mixing it with a little canned tuna fish and he eats it as fast as his treats.Angels ' Eyes Tear-Stain Eliminator for Dogs , 30 Gram BottleAngels ' Eyes Tear-Stain Eliminator for Dogs , 240 Gram Bottle
 Our Shih Tzu had terrible tear stains under his eyes , but after using this product they are gone . This product really works ! The only problem we had was mixing it with his food . He would only eat if he was very hungry -LRB- I tasted it myself - it was TERRIBLE -RRB- . Then we tried mixing it with a little canned tuna fish and he eats it as fast as his treats.Angels ' Eyes Tear-Stain Eliminator for Dogs , 120-Gram Bottle
 We were having a terrible time with stains on our puppy 's eyes . We would give her a bath but the next day the stains were back . We used this product about 2 weeks and the results were wonderful . She is nine months old now and she looks beautiful . I hate to think what her eyes would look like if my Vet had not told me about this product .
 Works like a charm and only a little bit of product is needed , making up for the cost .
 I bought the Angel Eyes for my sons white English Bulldog . When he was still a puppy he had the stains around his eyes from the tearing . Within a couple of months the stains were gone .
 We heard about this product from a friend who also had a Maltese . We starting using the product once a day and immediately seen results in the color of the eye discharge . It was now clear instead of brown.I would highly recommend it .
 I purchased Angle Eyes for my Bichon and it is working beautifully . The tearing is improving daily . Thanks Barbara
 I can see a noticeable difference in the brown stains under my white toy poodle puppy 's eyes . Before using Angel Eyes she looked like a goth . After using Angel Eyes for 2 months she has a little bit of brown stain under the eyes , which is only visible close up . At a distance you ca n't even see the stains .
 this product not only keeps my baby maltese Smitty 's eyes white and beautiful , I 'm convinced it keeps his breath fresh as well . I love it ! I think it 's a great !
 I have a maltese and she previously had dark rusty red stains on her face . I was told about this product and have used it for a year or more . It works great ! She still has a few stains , but her fluffy hair covers most of them up . This product is definitely worth the try .
 Everyone states that you need three weeks to see an improvement . I started seeing the change within the week . Lately tho , my dog has bypassed the dog food and gone for the cat food . I am not sure if it the powder on the food .
 angel eyes is a great product it keeps my pekingese tear stain free it worked almost immediately i tried many other products i will never be without it again .
 This is a great product . Over time it really almost completely takes away the red stains from around the dogs eyes . We have a Maltese and they are completely white , with the exception of the red stains around the eyes . Angel Eyes has made a huge difference .
 Before using the Angels Eyes , my dogs had pink stains under their eyes and on their coats everywhere they licked . Now , after only a couple of weeks , they are white cotton puffs again ! Bonus , they love the beef flavor .
 Angel Eyes does the job , however I stopped using the product after learning that the second ingredient -LRB- Tylosin -RRB- is an antibiotic which can cause resistance to other antibiotics that my dog may need should an infection occur later in her life .
 I 've been giving my 2 dogs this powder on their food for a little over a month and it seems to work . It does say it will take 3 months to get full results so I just have to be patient .
 I have been using this product for about a month and I do see a differencein my Maltese 's eyes . She goes to the groomer this week and I ca n't wait to see her reaction . She is the one who recommended it.Prissy really likes the taste , even if it does smell . I think she is eating more now that I am using it . Before she was a picky eater .
 My little white dog used to get the ugliest black stains between his eyes , but with regular daily use of Angel 's Eyes , the stains go away and he looks terrific ! I just wish it was n't so expensive .
 i tried to get hold of the person i bought this from because it was suppost to be a new bottle . it was only alittle more than half full & was one of their used items . i paid like 45.00 for it too . i am not very happy about it & will not order from amazon again . also you never hear from the sellers after you bought their item like feedback etc. .
 This product works great especially on white haired dogs . It take about a week to see a difference , but the dog loves it ... it smells like their liver treats . It 's a light powder that you spread over their food . Also , since dogs like it , they are more likely to have a new found fondness for their own food . Depending on how teary your dog is , depends on how fast this works . We have a Shih-Tzu and saw a difference in a week ... great thing .
 We have been using Angel Eyes for our Bulldog . His white fur is spotless.I have tried other products that you rub on , powders , ointments , wipes , but nothing cleared up his `` rust '' spots , only ANGEL EYES did the job . This stuff is AWESOME !
 I found a stray Malti-Poo on the freeway who was undernourished and severely matted . After receiving permission from the vet , I started using Angels Eyes to try to get rid of the DARK red stains under her eyes!Cocoa 's eyes started to clear up after a WEEK !! Now after a few months I only have to use it once a week in her food for maintenance ! This is a WONDERFUL product !!
 I have a Maltese and I was skeptical about Angel Eyes getting rid of the red under her eyes . But it really works !
 Love the product ... my JJ 's eyes have no tear-stains and he looks as cute as ever !!!!!!!!!
 This really seems to help my maltese 's eyes . The reddish tearing has pretty much stopped . The only problem is that she does not like the taste , so she wo n't eat it sprinkled on her food . I have to mix it in applesauce and feed it to her . -LRB- So now her chin is crusty ! -RRB- The product does what it says it does , though , and I will continue to use it .
 I would recommend this to any dog owner with a white dog ! I have the most adorable white maltipoo and the stains she gets -LRB- even though I was her face everyday -RRB- are ridiculous ! I heard about this from other dog owners as well as the vet and decided to invest and it worked wonders ... only downfall ... you may have to use it for a while I used mine only for 3 months and then ended up not having more before I ordered it again and she got them back but apaprently after using it for a year I heard you can sprinkle it on once a week and itll upkeep it ! and you can also wane them off it too . I ca n't wait to get my new stock !
 Ca n't go a day without it ! Works wonders for my maltese & always shipped quickly !
 Zoey , our shih-tzu , had terrible black matter under her eyes . I would not remember to clean her eye area as often as it was needed . She did not like it when I tried to remove it . Sometimes the matter would get into the folds of skin and cause skin irritation . One time it was so bad that I had to take her to the veterinarian . He gave her a prescription and recommended Angels ' Eyes . Within three weeks her eye area looked great . She likes the liver taste , although I do n't think much of the smell . I gave her the recommended dose every day for three months . Now she receives one dose four times a week . The product is expensive , but it is worth it to have her tears bacteria free . Her beard looks the best it ever has been . I am very satisfied . If Zoey could talk , I think she would say the same thing .
 Angels ' Eyes has decreased the staining on our Bichon Frise substantially over the last 2 months . I highly recommend it for dogs . Our dog 's staining occurs mainly by the eyes and the paws . It has really helped under the eyes , as well as partially on the paws . He looks like a brand new dog !
 ** NEW UPDATE
 This is the second bottle of Angel Eyes I have bought for my Shih Tzu . She has one eye that constantly runs . It makes a red stain under her eye . Since I started using this product , the red has totally cleared up . I mix the powder with some plain yogart and Bella just loves it ! I highly recommend this product !
 Received about 10 days ago and already notice a difference . AND THE GREAT THING ABOUT ORDERING HERE ON AMAZON IS THE PRICE ! If you go to Angel Eyes website you will pay almost triple the cost!I do mix 1/2 tsp . with a spoonful of cottage cheese each nite and she has already got to where she looks forward to it -- as soon as I say `` night night time '' she heads for the fridge ! She is a Coton , and always looked adorable , but even more so with her eyes clearing up ! Definitely recommend you give this a try !
 I would n't have believed that dog 's tear stains can actually be eliminated ! Working as a groomer , one of my customer 's tried this and I witnessed the transformation of brown stains to virtually none ! Bought some for myself and have given to other clients to try !! Simply AMAZING !!
 This is amazing stuff . I have never had a dog with a tear stain problem before and the groomers I spoke to said there was nothing to be done for it . Angels Eyes works . She does n't care for the taste so I have to disguise it with something tasty , but I put half the dose in each meal and it goes down OK .
 Our Westy , Susi , gets drops for dry eyes daily . She developed black streaks under her eyes from the tearing with the drops . Angel Eyes has reduced the streaks to near zero , but a little bit remains.Norm Hershfield
 I have a Havanese with a white face . This product does indeed work . I just mix it in with her wet food . You do have to use it continuously .
 After just one day of use , Angel 's Eye stopped the gunking below my 1-year old Cockapoo 's eye . It reduced the discoloration and reduced his hair to goo-up . After I see the discoloration to disappear , I stopped feeding Angel 's Eyes to my dog . The gunking reappeared again after three weeks of not using the product . The product is in powder form . I usually sprinkled half of the recommended dosage at the bottom of my dog 's chow bowl and half covering the dog food . However , this meaty flavor does not seem appetizing to my dog . He consumes his chow much slower than usual , but eventually he 'll finish it after ONE hour of pausing and eating . He usually finish his food within ONE minute . But , it does work , work way way better than the liquid type I find at Petsmart or Petco .
 This stuff works like magic . I used it for one wekk when I noticed my dogs eyes were no longer running -LRB- dripping down her snout -RRB- . She loves the flavor too . 5 STARS !!
 This product is great . I have two white dogs who had a problem with `` runny eyes '' that stained the fur under their eyes . Since using Angel Eyes in their food , the stains have disappeared completely . The best news is that I ony use 1/4 tsp . per dog per day instead of what they recommend , which saves a lot of money , and works just as well . Only wish I had tried this product years ago !
 Ever since I 've used this product , it has worked very well . I had tried many different types of eyewipes and solutions ; however , the hair around her eyes would still get really crusty . Now , the hair around her eyes stay white and soft !
 I showed a brochure about this product with the ingredients listed to my veterinarian before I bought it for my dogs . She said is was perfectly safe even for long term use . I have been giving it to both my dogs for about 9 months . It helps with my bichon 's eye discoloration , my miniature schnauzer 's saliva stains from licking herself , and my veterinarian agrees that it appears to have helped a great deal with tartar in both dog 's gums . Neither of them has shown any signs of illness of any kind from taking the product . In fact , I do n't think they have ever been healthier . I love the stuff !
 I have two maltese dogs . My female has tear-staining and my male does n't have this problem.I give the product to my female and it cleared her up within a very short time . The stained area grew out and she looks gorgeous ! I give it to her about 2 or 3 times a week now . I stopped last summer for a month -LRB- while I was on vacation -RRB- The tearing started to come back , but after 3 treatments , it was gone again.Side effects
 SO FAR , AND WE 'VE ONLY BEEN USING IT SINCE SEPT 15 , 2009 , IT 'S WORKING AND WE 'RE HAPPY WITH THE RESULTS . OUR BREEDER AND SEVERAL FRIENDS RECOMMENDED IT , SINCE THEY HAVE WHITE DOGS AS WELL . I ORDERED MORE -LRB- LARGE BOTTLE -RRB- AND WE WERE SENT ANOTHER BEEF FLAVOR . HOW DO WE DESIGNATE CHICKEN FLAVOR ????
 This product really works . After two months of consistent use , the stains around my dog 's eyes , mouth , and on his private parts , miraculously disappeared . In addition , my dog loves the taste of it . I sprinkle the recommended dose on his food once a day .
 My dog is a very picky eater , so I put her dose on a very small amount of boiled chicken breast and mix in her food . I see a great improvement . I used to have to wash around her eyes daily , now maybe every 2-3 weeks and it is very minor . It is working pretty well . I have a black Shih Tzu .
 The product works great . We have seen a noticeable difference in a short period of time . We have a dog who was abused and bites when she is nervous . We were having a hard time keeping her eyes clean , now it is so much easier because they do n't get all caked . She 's happy and we are too .
 Yes , it is expensive , but this actually works . My bichon-poodle had awful tearstains , and they are almost completely gone after a month of use . She 's a very picky eater , so I was worried this would be difficult to get her to eat everyday , but she loves it . She actually licks the Angels Eyes off of the dry dog food and leaves the kibble for later . Buy this , it works .
 I bought this because a friend used it for her Maltese . She swears by it . I found it to work great . The only problem was getting my Shih-Tzu to eat his food with it on it . He did n't care for the flavor at first .
 Takes all the unsightly stains away ! I love it . Just a bit with some wet food and my poodle and maltese look great .
 This is a great product , I have a Maltese and since starting her on Angel eyes she has not had any tearing discoloration at all . I only wish it would be made in a chewable tablet . My dogs share their food dish and I have to feed the Maltese a special bite of canned food so she gets the Angel Eyes . Still a great product and really does a great job of eliminating the tear stains .
 Angels ' Eyes worked almost immediately on my 6 year old cockapoo . Before using it , i would wipe his eyes everyday but they were still stained . Now , ALL the stain is gone and has not returned . This product is SO superior to other over-the-counter products you can buy at a retail pet store . Plus , he absolutely loves the taste !
 I have been using this product for about three weeks and have seen a great improvement . My Maltese 's face was nearly dark brown from stains when we started treatment . After only a few days , I noticed the discharge from her eyes was clear rather than dark . After three weeks I can see that the new growth is coming in white as snow . I highly recommend this product .
 Wev ' e used Angel eyes for approximatley 3 weeks and have noticed a great improvement in the tear stains already . It 's the first product that has been succssful.We have a Maltipoo and have battled tear stains for 3 years.I would recomend this product to anyone having this problem with their white dogs . She does n't notice any change in the flavor of her food as we just mix it in with her food .
 My 2 Maltese - Poodles have been using Angel Eyes for 3 months now . I am back to buy the largest bottle . I was shocked at how well it works . I could see improvement after 2 weeks . Now there is nothing but snow - white hair . The brown is gone - from their faces , feet , and backside . Morgan looks like a show dog . And Molly , who chews her feet , has lost the rust color on her feet . I am thrilled . And they love the beef taste . I put it on their fiber cereal each morning . I have never written a review online , but this is worth it . And the Amazon price is almost 1/2 the online Petco price . Buy it .
 The Angel Eyes product has really helped clear up any browning under the eyes and hair around the mouth . I will keeping on getting the product for our doggy .
 My Cavalier King Charles Spaniel had stains under her eyes . Also , the white fur on her chest and paws had turned pink . I bought this as a last resort , not really expecting it to work . AMAZING ! Within a month or so , her eyes cleared up completely , AND her chest and paws turned nice and white again -LRB- apparently it was yeast from her eyes or tongue causing the pinkness -RRB- . It 's amazing to find a product that actually does what it claims ! BTW , I had fed all my dogs liver for years , and that did not do it . It 's something about the concentration or process , I guess . Angel 's Eyes works !
 I read all of the reviews of the product on Amazon and decided to try it . My Maltese loves it -LRB- he loves liver -RRB- , it 's like a daily treat for him . And there were no bugs in the jar , as some have stated that they had bugs in the powder . I discovered this product through sky mall catalog and it 's like 1/2 the price on Amazon.com
 I love this product . It works so well on my Maltese . It is so nice to see just a white face with no tear streaks . I would recommend this to everyone .
 I 've been using Angels ' eyes for years on my white bichon , this is the only product I know of that works internally to keep those nasty rusty marks that form on white dogs ' eyes . It works really fast too .
 Our Maltese occassionally gets that gross brown stuff around his eyes and mouth . In time , Angel Eyes really does the trick . Have tried other brands ... some work , others do n't . I am sticking with the original ... Is it the original ?
 I have tried several things for my Maltese ; distilled water and over the counter products that will whiten . I did n't realize how well angel eyes worked until I ran out . I did n't get in a hurry to reorder and within 2 weeks , our dog had stains in her eyes .
 The product was sent promptly , & packaged in a excellent manner . I was so happy to find a very fair price.I will definetly order from again
 It takes a while to work , but then you put less in the food . It 's working great!It 's natural and does n't affect the taste of the food .
 The product arrived lighting fast and it just the way I thought it would be!Thank you so much for the prompt service !
 Amazing Product , learned about it from internet so I automatically went to Amazon.Service from Amazon was 5 star as always and the product is outstanding , whithin four weeks the tearing and stains had stopped and the problem that had existed for years had been cured.Jack ClarkJasper GA
 I bought from this company and they gave me free shipping :-RRB- the product is great and it really works they even added a scoop for the powder my dog loves it !
 I have been using this product for about six months and the tear stains are gone . The brown on the beard has faded alot . . Good Product
 Angel Eyes is a useful product for dog owners with truly white dogs . The product effectively controls staining of the eyes and around the mouth . A little pricey , but worth the cost .
 I have two Shih-tzu girls . Three yr old . Lacey is white and Molly , all black , will be one on New Year 's Eve . ANGEL EYES is the only product I have used that gave me back my Lacey 's white face . When I got Molly . I did n't think I would have any problems with her eyes , but , when she tears , she smells terrible . ANGEL EYES took care of that for me , too ! I 've tried many other things for tearing problems , but ANGEL EYES is the very best . IT WORKS ! Thank you for a good product !
 It really works . I saw a definite improvements within two weeks . I have been using this product for almost two months now , and my poodle 's eyes are completely clear . No red stains . She also needs less frequent baths . She used to smell after just a few days , now it takes a few weeks for her to need a bath . My dog has allergies , I was a little concerned about this supplement , but there were no problems . The only thing I noticed is that during the first few weeks her feces were black , now they are back to normal . She is 8 pounds and the recommended dosage is 1/2 a teaspoon a day for three months . I am giving her a little less than 1/2 and it seems to be enough .
 Although I was hesitant that this product really worked , I decided to try it anyway . Our Yorkie has had nasty eyes from the time we brought him home . I have tried bottled water , organic food , and we even relocated to a different state . While we did n't notice overnight results , over the course of a week , his eyes were much better . He has been on angel eyes for about a month now and I will continue to use this product . He is approx . 7lbs and we sprinkle 1/2 tsp over his food a day .
 I love this product , got rid of the tear stains and the ones around his mouth . Best product i have brought for my ` little boy '
 We have a bichon puppy who is almost 4 months old . I started using this product about 4 weeks ago and it has really helped with the tear stains . He does n't have crust from his eyes anymore . I think the more his fur grows out he will look even better . I give it to him at his last feeding of the day and I put a few spoonfuls of canned puppy food with his dry puppy food and mix 1/8 tsp . of the product and he eats it up . When I put it on just the dry food he wo n't eat it .
 I had tried other products for my Chinese Crested Powderpuff , including a prescription antibiotic from my vet , but to no avail . The reddish-brown marks on his face from his tears were staining his cute face . My groomer suggested I try Angels ' Eyes and it is a miracle ! Within 2 weeks the stains were just about gone and after a month had disappeared altogether . I am so pleased with this product and Cody has no trouble eating it on his regular food . Well worth every penny !
 I recently got a shihtzu-maltese puppy . At first , I noticed she did not have the tear stain problems that her siblings did . A few weeks later I started to see brown stains below her eyes and it kept getting worse . After searching online I found Angel Eyes . I asked her groomer about it and she said she did not have 1st hand experience with it but a few of her customers swore by it . I 'm on my 2nd bottle and it completely took it away . My puppy 's face is clean again and as cute as when I got her . I am thrilled that this product works so well and very quickly , too !
 I have tried many products for my Maltese 's eyes and this is the only one that has cleared up her eyes . They started clearing within 10 days of the application and so easy to use , thus it is FASTASTIC !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
 We have used Angels ` Eyes for over 2 years now on our Maltese.After a couple of weeks the stain between his eyes was completely gone.This is a good product that works .
 I 've been giving this to my puppy for a little under 2 months now . Bottom line -- I re-ordered . I really , REALLY noticed a difference about 3 weeks ago -- probably at the 3-4 week mark . Tear stains are basically non-existent ! This stuff is great , and what 's even better is that my vet was amazed . He 'd never heard of Angels ' Eyes , so I brought in the bottle . He only shook his head and said `` keep giving it to him ! That 's fantastic ! `` Yes , the dogs have to ingest it , but you can put it in anything ! Peanut butter , soft food , etc. to make sure they get their dosage.Absolutely try it !!!
 For anyone that has not used this product , you will be amazed as to the results that it shows ... Now , I ca n't go without it ... My dog 's eyes and feet are as white as snow ... His eyes and feet look great ...
 I HAVE 8 MALTESE AND I HAD TRIED EVERYTHING . THIS IS THE ONLY PRODUCT I HAVE FOUND THAT REALLY WORKS . I TELL ALL MY CUSTOMER 'S ABOUT IT . AND THEY ALL SAY THE SAME THING . EXCELLENT PRODUCT .
 It works wonderfully ! She did n't like the taste , but has gotten used to it . It did n't work in her water though , it did n't mix very well and just mostly stuck to the bowl .
 I bought a white maltese puppy , with terrible tear stains around her face , especially her eyes and mouth . None of the products in a pet store -LRB- I tried about 5 -RRB- worked . I met a lady walking a similar dog , with no stains and she said her dog used to look like mine , until a few months after using Angel Eyes . The new fur grew out perfectly white , not brown . I have been using it for a couple of months now , and it does seem to be working , so I am pleased .
 great delivery and so far it has helped her tear eye . my tea cup poodle has improved 80 % in just 3 weeks .
 I have an all white dog and her eye staining was terrible . I had heard about Angels Eyes but have to admit , I was very skeptical . I am now a true believer of this product !! As I used the product , I trimmed away the fur that was already stained and unbelievably as the new fur came in , it was n't stained ! I am now on my 3rd bottle and will keep using Angels Eyes . Believe me - it works !
 I have been using Angel Eyes for about 2 months now and I am amazed at the difference . I have a 1 1/2 year old Maltese who has problems with his eyes and we have tried many products to no avail . My vet mentioned this product and we have had no red staining since . It only took about 2 weeks to start noticing a difference and each time he is groomed we lose more and more of the previous staining . I ca n't wait until he is completely clear . He still tears but they are no longer red . This is not the cheapest product but if you want WHITE you will get it !
 Tear StainsAs a groomer with a multiple dog home I have tried every product I could find -LRB- a lot ! -RRB- with no satisfactory results . This product actually works ! My Maltese has the prettiest eyes you 've ever seen .
 Taken as directed , this product really does work to clear up tear stains . For very stubborn tear stains , try switching your pet 's food to a no-grain food to help the process along . This advice came from the company itself . They were very helpful with my questions when I called them .
 I have been using this for over a year and it is truly a fabulous product . I have recommended it to so many people at puppy park , as they all ask how I keep him so `` white '' . The price on this site ca n't be beat . I will use this as long as it is available .
 This product works wonders . I have two maltese , both of which have extremely bad tear stains . My two year old maltese had a clean white face when we bought him , but after only a few days , ugly brown stains showed up on his face . I tried Eye Envy -LRB- you had to actually clean their face with some herbal smelling green liquid , then put powder on their face -RRB- but that was too much work with very little change . I used tear stain cleaners from PetCo etc. but those only helped lighten the tear stains , and only after you washed their face . Leave it alone for a few days and they were back . Finally , after endless searching , I found the website for Angels ' Eyes and decided to try it . It is a powder that you just sprinkle on their food -LRB- I use it with soft food -RRB- and it WORKS ! Just after three days , I noticed a change . Now , both of my dogs are tear stain free , and after a while , you can start lowering the dosage so you do n't go through so many bottles . It is a bit pricey , but the price I found here was a deal . About $ 40 for a 120 gram bottle ... cheapest I 've found for such a great product.Note
 I purchased this item after a friend 's recomendation . The price is excellent for me . I paid like eight or ten dollars less than I would have paid if I bought it in a store near my house .
 This stuff really works and my dogs love it ! You do n't have to use as much as it says you do .
 Personally I find this a fantastic product every time . After only two weeks my maltese terriers have lovely white faces again . I have tried every method going but always come back to angel eyes .
 I have owned Maltese dogs all of my adult life , and am very particular about their care , so that they may be happy , and content while in my presence . I am totally amazed at how well Angel Eyes works , and so very quickly too . 30 days of use and my Sydney is sparkling white . The little man is looking good kicking cat tails , and is `` gitten her done '' .
 When I adopted my two maltese , their faces were totally brown . As soon as I fed them Angel 's Eye there was a noticable difference within the first week . Their faces are now pure white ! They love the beef flavor and look forward to their `` treat ' every day.This is so much easier than the eye wipes . It 's a win-win for you and your furballs .
 I have bought several brands of `` tear stain removal '' for my Maltese puppy . Every one of the purchases turned the staining an orange color ... disgusting ! But when I tried Angel Eyes , it took about a week but there is no more staining . The only reason I am giving the product 3 instead of 4 stars , is that there still is some staining in his little mustache . it is minimal and there is literally nothing around his eyes . It works the best of any other product I have used .
 Did n't know if this would help , but had to try . My little rescue Bichons stains were deep red around eyes , mouth , and feet . No amount of grooming helped and he looked pretty bad . After two weeks of treatment , I can see improvement already around his eyes and strangely his breath is better too . Do n't know what else to say , except this stuff works ! A definite winning product .
 Love it !! Will buy again . My white dog has no more black eyes !!! Works very well!Worth the money . Awesome !
 I tried the Angels ' Eyes -LRB- sweet potato -RRB- WITHOUT the Tylosin and that was useless . Total waste of money!When she -LRB- my puppy dog -RRB- got her teeth cleaned this past July , the Vet sent her home with antibiotics to take for seven days . Her eye staining totally cleared up so I bought the Angels ' Eyes sweet potato flavor WITH the Tylosin . I showed it to my Vet and got her OK before I gave it to my dog.Eye staining is completely gone . She is not crazy about the taste but will eat it . I feed her dry food and sprinkle one half teaspoon of Angels ' Eyes on it twice a day.I tasted it and it does have a slightly bitter taste to it . Am going to order the chicken and/or beef flavored to see if there is no bitter taste.My baby is an eight years old Maltese with the sweetest face and with no eye staining the hair at her eyes is clean and the skin at her eyes is no longer irritated.I give Angels ' Eyes WITH Tylosin a big thumb 's up !!!!!!!
 This works great ! I give it to my Shichon and it has completely cleared all stains around his eyes . It did n't take long to see the results . I mix it with canned food . It is a powder and needs to be mixed with water or canned food . I have n't tried mixing it with water to see if he wil take it like that as well .
 This is the second time I have purchased Angels ' Eyes for my three-year-old Malti-poo . The first time I bought the product , I ordered the chicken flavor , and she developed an allergy to all chicken products , so we discontinued it . In addition , I had noticed that it was n't working as well after we had been using it for several months . In the meantime , I tried several other products , none of which made any difference at all in Gracie 's tear stains . I recently learned that there is a beef flavor of Angels ' Eyes , so we have been using that for about a month . It has eliminated almost all of her tear stains , and we are hopeful that it will continue to do so . So far I am very satisfied with the performance of Angels ' Eyes .
 Great product . It does help a lot with the tear staining . I have a bichon frise and can definitely tell the difference . The only reason I did n't rate the product a 5 is because I ordered the chicken flavor but they sent beef .
 We have a Maltese with a terrible problem of tear staining . We have tried many products , but none were effective before we tried Angel Eyes . We are now on our second bottle and the tear staining has almost been eliminated . In addition , Angel Eyes tastes so good to dogs that it is easy to get our Maltese to take it . It is an excellent product .
 Our dog had really dark brown tear stains on his face . After using the product for a month I can tell the stains are getting lighter and I expect next time we have him groomed the stains will be gone.This does not happen overnight so I would suggest getting the biggest size bottle offered.I would have never thought this would have worked but I have been proved wrong .
 I have used this product -LRB- ANGELS EYES -RRB- for a month and it has really done the job . Calli is now the beautiful dog only I could see ... Now everyone can see THANKS
 It 's easy to use - just sprinkle on their kibbles . Variety of flavors to suit every dogs taste . My dog loves the sweet potato flavor .
 My white poodle mix had the worst red stains below his eys before I started using Angels ' Eyes . I could not wash them off no matter what I used on them . I was concerned that Angels ' Eyes would be safe , but the Vet assured me that it was safe and actually good for his health . The stains are caused by a red yeast infection and this product takes care of it . Since he is so susceptible to this infection , I continue to use the product regularly .
 Angel Eyes is the only product that I have found that actually works to rid my Maltipoo of his big brown stains under his eyes . I tried all the products that claim they work , but they do n't . Angel Eyes is the only product I will buy for my Maltipoo and his brown tear stains .
 I have a maltese dog who for years had the ugly , brown staining on his face . A friend told me about this product . I was skeptical , but gave it a try . It is remarkable how well this product works . After about three weeks my dog 's face looked beautiful . I know it is expensive , but it is so worth the money .
 I have used this for about 4 months and it works beautifully . I have a maltipoo and if I forget to give this to her for a week , her tear stains start showing up again . Then after two days of giving it to her , they 're gone . So I will use this product forever on her .
 WE USED ANGELS EYES FOR OUR MALTIPOOINJUST A FEW WEEKS HER EYES WERE CLEARAN NO MORE DARK DRAINAGE IN HER EYESTHIS PRODUCT IS EXCELLENTHARYY & SHERI HOWESLEWISBURG , TN .
 Bought this for my Shih Tzu puppy and was not sure what to expect for a product that is so expensive but it is worth the money . He does not have any tear staining since we have been using Angel Eyes . Not sure if he cares for the taste but he eats it .
 I have been using Angel Eyes on my Lhasa Apso dog for a little over a year . She has a white face and had developed rust colored stains on either side of her nose . My groomer recommended this product to me . It has taken a little over a year to get rid of the rust stains , but once again her beautiful little white face is back . It 's so easy to use as you just sprinkle it on the food . Puffy likes it !
 I used Angel 's eyes on my 4 month Maltese , she has been using for the last 30 days and her eyes are clean ! I highly reccommend this product
 We have a Bichon Frise as a member of our family . I have tried numerous products without success -LRB- predominantly topical -RRB- . When I saw the manufacturer 's website , I saw hope for my brown tear stained dog 's face.I ordered the product and it came in a well insulated package . This product is a powdered form of dried liver . It smells ok and when my dog sniffed it , he ate it right away . It is too thick like chocolate milk to put it into water.After a week , I wondered if it would ever work . After two weeks there was a 50 % reduction . By week 3 , I was reassured that the product was working well . By week 4 , the tear stains were practically resolved . Beard and tear stains resolved after about a month of use.I was told it works secondary to a low level antibiotic.This product works better than ANYTHING in the market.This product works and the money was worth every penny . I highly recommend this product .
 We have a Bichon Frise as a member of our family . I have tried numerous products without success -LRB- predominantly topical -RRB- . When I saw the manufacturer 's website , I saw hope for my brown tear stained dog 's face.I ordered the product and it came in a well insulated package . This product is a powdered form of dried liver . It smells ok and when my dog sniffed it , he ate it right away . It is too thick like chocolate milk to put it into water.After a week , I wondered if it would ever work . After two weeks there was a 50 % reduction . By week 3 , I was reassured that the product was working well . By week 4 , the tear stains were practically resolved . Beard and tear stains resolved after about a month of use.I was told it works secondary to a low level antibiotic.This product works better than ANYTHING in the market.This product works and the money was worth every penny . I highly recommend this product . Depending upon your dog , you may have to give 1 teaspoon a day . This 30 gram bottle may not be enough .
 We have a Bichon Frise as a member of our family . I have tried numerous products without success -LRB- predominantly topical -RRB- . When I saw the manufacturer 's website , I saw hope for my brown tear stained dog 's face.I ordered the product and it came in a well insulated package . This product is a powdered form of dried liver . It smells ok and when my dog sniffed it , he ate it right away . It is too thick like chocolate milk to put it into water.After a week , I wondered if it would ever work . After two weeks there was a 50 % reduction . By week 3 , I was reassured that the product was working well . By week 4 , the tear stains were practically resolved . Beard and tear stains resolved after about a month of use.I was told it works secondary to a low level antibiotic.This product works better than ANYTHING in the market.This product works and the money was worth every penny . I highly recommend this product .
 We have a Bichon Frise as a member of our family . I have tried numerous products without success -LRB- predominantly topical -RRB- . When I saw the manufacturer 's website , I saw hope for my brown tear stained dog 's face.I ordered the product and it came in a well insulated package . This product is a powdered form of dried liver . It smells ok and when my dog sniffed it , he ate it right away . It is too thick like chocolate milk to put it into water.After a week , I wondered if it would ever work . After two weeks there was a 50 % reduction . By week 3 , I was reassured that the product was working well . By week 4 , the tear stains were practically resolved . Beard and tear stains resolved after about a month of use.I was told it works secondary to a low level antibiotic.This product works better than ANYTHING in the market.This product works and the money was worth every penny . I highly recommend this product .
 I 've been using Angels ' Eyes for over 1 year . It has been wonderful . Since I began using it Mitzi has no tear stains at all . Before that her face looked terrible with stains . I tried other products but nothing worked.It 's great !!!
 I do n't know how it works but work it does . Our bulldog was developing what appeared to be permanent stains . Even diligent wiping could n't prevent a darkening area on his otherwise white fur . But after a few weeks of Angels ' Eyes , the stains are gone . And he likes the taste of it so no problem with getting him to eat it as part of dinner . This is good stuff .
 We have a Shih Tzu that has had horrible eye discharge . He keeps getting ear infections from it and horrible staining on his chin , eyes and paws . We spend a fortune on vet bills over the last four years and had the dog on allergy pills.Our sister in law told us about Angel Eyes . It started to work immediately . We mix it with a little rice every night as a treat . His staining is all growing out and he only needs allergy pills once in a while -LRB- he does not chew his paws very often anymore -RRB- . We have used this for about two months and his new fur is nice a clean and the stains are almost all gone . I ca n't say enough about how well this works . Buy the big bottle , you will use it . We started with the 120 G bottle and then got the 240 G bottle.We also looked into this on the web . It is beef liver and supposed ot be safe -LRB- although certain blood tests will have false readings -RRB- .
 Purchased Angel Eyes after speaking with a groomer . My vet knew of nothing that would get rid of the tear stains . Petsmart groomers said to just wipe daily with a mild soap , which did n't work . Anyway priced Angel Eyes in pet store and almost had a heart attack ! lol Went on line and found it at a reasonable price , ordered it , and in less than a week began using it on my toy poodle and toy maltipoo . It works ! Give it a try and see if it works for your pet .
 We have been using Angels Eyes for approx . 6 months . My dogs eyes look just like he came from the groomers . Not one bit of brown goop coming out of his eyes . The cost is a tad bit pricy but ... . I did find it cheapest here at amazon.com other than going to Angelseyes.com . Highly recommended !
 WONDERFUL ! WONDERFUL ! WONDERFUL ! WHAT A BLESSING this product have been for my Shih Tzu/Maltese , no more UGLY tear stains .
 This product really helps with our poodle 's tear stains . We have been using it for over a year now and I will not go without it !
 I have a Maltese and have been amazed at how well this works ! Within days of using this product his face was completely clean ! No more `` tear '' stains !
 The product eliminates the stain of the tears and you will notice it right away . It does n't eliminate the tears and the goo , so you must keep the eye area clean . My dog loves the flavor of Angel Eyes .
 My sister told me about angel eyes and how good it was . I am amazed at how wonderfully this product works . I have a new bichon pup and I ca n't stand the tear stains that this breed has . After a month of using the angel eyes it is almost completely gone . I expect with continued use tear staining is not going to be a huge issue . There is nothing that looks so bad as stains on a snow white pup . I am thrilled I found this product and highly reccommend it .
 When Sammy , our Poodle/Pekinese/Bichon came to us , he had extremely tear stained eyes . Now , over three years later , his white/apricot face is so stain-free that people mistake him for a girl !
 THIS PRODUCT IS WONDERFULMy poor little Shih Tzu Bella , 13 lbs , not only had terrible tear stains but her eyes watered all the time . This condition did n't start until she was 3 years old . We tried drops and pills from the vet but nothing worked very well . Our wonderful groomer -LRB- Grooming by Roseanna , London Ohio , 740-852-3838 -RRB- told me about Angel Eyes . She also told me to call my vet to make sure it was ok to use , never hurts to be safe . Roseanna said she had heard great things about Angel Eyes ; that it really helped to get rid of tear stains . THIS WAS AN UNDERSTATMENT . Not only did the product within a couple of weeks , used 1/4 a tsp twice a day , get rid of the tear stains BUT Bella no longer has the problem with her eyes watering all the time . After a month we went down to 1/4 tsp once a day . She is doing great no more tear stains and no more watery eyes . Thank you Angel eyes . Thank you Roseanna .
 We have been using this on our white toy poodle and it really works . When we stopped for a brief period she became discolored around her mouth and eyes . After using again for about two wks she looks better ... wonderful product !
 We 've tried lots of things for tear staining prior to Angel Eyes . Within one week we could see a 50 % reduction . In two weeks the stains were gone !!! If you 're sitting on the fence with this product - Do n't !! It works . It 's wonderful . My dogs love the beef flavor . Excllent product !!!!! : o -RRB-
 We had such a hard time with our Maltese Sugar getting tear stains . It does n't look good on a white dog . We tried lots of different things from the pet stores , but Angels ` Eyes has been the only thing that works !
 This product works great for my maltese mix . Her white fur now does not have stained tears rolling down the sides of her face . She looks so much better ! : -RRB-
 Angel Eyes works like magic . Within just a week the dark drainage from Emma 's eyes disappeared ! And the Amazon price is half of what is charged at my groomer 's shop .
 We have a white poodle and our Vet suggested trying Angels Eyes to lessen the `` rust '' stains around his eyes and mouth . It took a few weeks to become totally effective but now our beautiful dog has no stains around the eyes and only slight discoloration in his mustache . This stuff WORKS . He is 55lbs and I give him 1/2 tsp per day .
 Great stuff ! Helps keep my Bichons ' eyes a lot more clear . Without Angels ' Eyes , I have to wash his face every two days to avoid the dried staining as well as the bad odor that comes with it .
 I had been using wipes from our local pet store to remove tear stains on our English Bulldog , Mugsy , with no results . After searching online and asking our vet 's approval , I thought I would try Angels Eyes based on the great reviews from Amazon customers . I place a teaspoon in his food each evening . Be patient , it took approximately a month , but he looks like a movie star ! I wish we knew about this product when we had our bichon . Highly recommended !
 I have a cream French Bulldog . She started having really ugly tear stains a few months before her second birthday in June . She was entered in her first AKC agility trial the following month , a huge four day agility trial and I wanted her to look her best so I began looking for something to remove the tear stains . I bought cleaning solutions and tried home remedies and nothing worked . One of the products that kept popping up when I was searching online for a remedy was Angle Eyes . I did n't order it right at first because both my pooches were on hypoallergenic food and I wanted to clear this product with my vet prior to buying . I printed out all the information and left it with my vet . She called me a couple of day later and told me to try the sweet potato as it would be less likely to cause any problems . We went to the agility trail in July , stains and all , and even had pictures made . The discoloration around and under her eyes is so obvious in the pictures even with my best attempts to cover up the staining . Right after the show I ordered Angle Eyes . Oh how I wish I had ordered the Angle Eyes when the stains first started ! It works ! No more ugly , pinkish stains around or under her eyes ! I followed the directions and saw a difference in a month . In two months the stains were completely gone . Certain times of the year the tearing is worse than others , so when I see the first signs of staining I start Anglet Eyes again . We realize that we have a dog with this tearing/staining problem and in order to keep her stain free we must do a little preventive maintenance . I will gladly keep a bottle of Angle Eyes on hand to give my baby when needed . It 's the only product that has worked on my Frenchie . We love Angle Eyes !
 I was so pleased to find that this product really works ! My sweet Maltese no longer has discolored fur under his eyes . And he loves it ! I never have a problem with him taking it . I just mix it with a few drops of water and he laps it up ! I initially purchased the small bottle to see if it worked , and then reordered the large one . I am a very satisfied customer !
 We started giving our two toy poodles Angel Eyes on Friday January 7 , 2011 . It is a week later and we are already seeing an improvement in both dogs tear stains . They have slowed down considerably . We first tried giving it to them sprinkled over their dry food . They ate it up the first night . The next day our dog that is a picky eater became picky again and would not eat all of his food . Since we feed them twice a day we give them half a does at each meal . We put the Angel Eyes in the bowl first and use a 1/2 of table spoon of water and mix it up , then we put their dry food in the bowl and mix it all together . Now both dogs ca n't wait until they get their food . Even the picky one who used to miss about 3 - 4 meals a week because he would n't eat now runs right to the bowl and eats everything right up . They ca n't wait until we put their bowls down.So if your dog eats dry food like ours do . This little trick may work for you instead of using wet food like some folks said they had to do.I have had friends who use this product and they raved about it so I gave it a try . So far I am impressed with the results . I know it will take several weeks to see the full results . But I am pleased so far.It is now January 30 , 2011 . The dogs have been on Angel 's Eyes for three weeks and 2 days . Their tears stains have stopped completly as far as I can tell . My picky eater is still chompng at the bit to get to his food . He ca n't wait to get at it . He has also gotten a spring in his step . Even my neighbor commented on how much more active he is and does n't seem like an old man anymore . We have cut back on the amount from 1 tsp a day to 1/2 teaspoon a day . We did this about a week ago . I highly recommend this product .
 The product was terrific and the service from amazon is great . I would recomendto anyone that buys online . Thanks for the great service . Tony / DuBois , Pa. .
 I really love this product.I tried several things before getting this and none worked . I called my vet . to make sure it was ok to give my dog before ordering . . It has worked wonders but now I notice that there are no stains but there is still a smell . Do any of you have that problem . If you do let me know what you do . . But this is a product that does the job with the stains ...
 Angel Eyes is amazing ... works just fantastic on our White Bishon , no more red , runny eyes ... but you must keep it up ... if you stop it all comes back .
 Very happy . Was told by a client with Malts that this was a good product . Will be happy to recommed to other clients .
 I have a five year old Maltese that had very noticeable red tear stains when I got him in August . It took about 4 weeks -LRB- and one `` haircut '' -RRB- for the red stains to completely disappear . I started him with 3/4 teaspoon daily mixed with his food , as per the directions on the bottle . Then stepped down to 1/2 teaspoon for weeks two-four . I now just give him 1/4 teaspoon a day , which maintains a stain-free face . He seems to love the taste and it has not upset his digestion . His vet , who recommended trying this product , was very impressed with the results .
 This product is great for reducing and eliminating tear stains and actual tears themselves ! As a boost to the immune system it is terrific . Some of the stains may take awhile but keep at it and you 'll get the results you want .
 Works fantastically . I researched every resource for clearing the stains from our rescueshi-tzu . We tried at least four other products claiming to clean up the stains . None of them worked satisfactorily . The only way to clean up stained areas topically seemed to be to cut them out . This condition must be corrected from inside . When we got this product , I was stressed about the cost . Then , my little Angel 's eyes was clear - No more staining drainage - No more itchy eyes - worth -LRB- almost -RRB- every penny . However , I was still put off by the expense . So after the first bottle , I hoped the results would remain . Staining began again within a few weeks . It seemed to take forever to get my refill order -LRB- not really that long -RRB- . Once clear again , I now buy the biggest bottles for the best savings and I use it like sprinkling a little salt on her food . I use much less than the recommended dosage every other day . My little Angel , though finicky about her food , does not reject it at all . Thank you so much . Let me know when it is in sale . dvpski@aol.com
 but she recommended to try to wean to the smallest dose that is effective . I have a bichon/toy poodle mix , and his eyes looked terrible by 4 months of age . After one month of Angel 's eyes , his eyes are pure white again . I am a nurse , and I completely understand concerns about overuse of antibiotics , but my sons have both been on antibiotics every day for years for acne . What 's the difference ? That 's cosmetic also ! I am ordering more today , and will decrease the dose .
 I was hesitant to use , so asked my vet who said it does have antibiotic in it but less than they give chickens and would not hurt my dog . I saw an immediate change , since my dog is white , even though I gave him half the recommended dose . Did not upset his stomach and he loves the taste .
 I ca n't say enough about Angels Eyes . I have two Shih Tzus and I was ` chasing MY tail ' trying to keep up with the tear staining . Using bottle water , twice daily face cleanings , food watches for additives was ok , but while this helped , it was n't by much , my doggies teared up within a few hours of face cleanings . I got the Sweet Potato one and they love it , with a little broth over their dried food , so it 'll stick . I 've just been using it about one and a half months , I have the before and after pics and my white doggie is gorgeous . So 's her little brown and white pal !
 Great stuff - completely cured the staining on my Bichon . Initially used a few times a week as instructed . Only need to use once a week now to maintain benefit . It really works !!
 I have a 5 lb white poodle , she would get the reddish-brown tear stains and stains around her mouth , I have a Shih Tzu also , he has an eye injury and it gets gooey discharge & matted shut easily . I started them on this product , after about 6 weeks of giving it daily there were n't anymore stains and my Shih Tzu had no discharge anymore . I continued the product as it stated on the bottle . When I ran out of the product is when I knew for certain how great this product is , the stains were back ! Then I bought some more and now they are all beautiful again !
 I 've been using Angel Eyes for a couple of years . It works great to keep my dogs face beautiful and white .
 I purchased a puppy from a breeder last year . She is mostly white with one white eye and one black eye . Right away I was having problems stopping the fluid from her eye causing her white fur to turn rust colored . Someone recommended Angel Eye to me and withing 3 weeks it worked beautifully . No more stains .
 Although the Angel 's Eyes product is a little pricey , it has seemed to have done the trick with my Cockapoo 's eye gunk . I started out with the recommended dose , then after I saw improvement , I cut the dose in half , which was only after about a week and a half . I recommend this product if your dog gets a lot of eye gunk that gets in their hair and mats it and is hard to remove .
 I HAVE USED ANGELS ' EYES FOR ONE WEEK , AND I ALREADY NOTICE AN IMPROVEMENT IN MY DOG 'S STAINS UNDER HER EYES !! IT REALLY WORKS , AND SHE LIKES IT SPRINKLED IN HER FOOD . I ALREADY ORDERED THE 240 GRAM BOTTLE ; IT WILL DEFINITELY BE COST EFFICIENT !!! GO FOR IT !!!!!!!!!! NANCY
 We purchased this product for our 9 month old Bichon Frise . My husband was concerned that his eyes were already getting tear stained . I read about this product and thought I would give it a try . It is easy to administer and we are already down to three times a week with him . I ca n't believe the difference . I really did n't think his eyes were that bad - but when I look at pictures of him before we started using it , I realize how much we needed it ! Snowball is sensitive to a lot of foods , but we have had no problem with his food sensitivities either !
 Just as every other review says , WOW - results in 7 days of use . Is kinda pricey , but well worth the price considering how well it works . I tried all the other topical solutions -LRB- you name them , I 've tried them -RRB- and NONE of them worked ! Buy this and you wo n't be sorry !
 Angel Eyes , for my Maltese , is a very good product . I received it fast and I am very much satisfied with the product . Thankyou !
 I was skeptical at first , but after 2 weeks of sprinkling about 1/2 tsp on my dog 's food , I noticed that the dark staining and matting was very , very minimal . I have a 3 year old Maltese and before using this product , I had to clean his eyes 2 x day to keep them free of the tear stain buildup . This really works ! My dog 's eyes are clear and there is hardly any eye discharge and discoloration .
 This product is awesome ! It has eliminated tear stains from my Bichon 's eyes . It may seem pricey at first , but once you get to maintenance , it 's not bad at all , AND WORTH EVERY PENNY !
 It takes about 4 months -LRB- 2 hair cuts -RRB- for all the tear stains to be gone but this product is easy to use and works great . I now use it about twice a week on my dogs food and my dog is free and clear of those ugly brown stains . I 've recommended this product to several other people all of whom had the same success as I did .
 The praises went on and on and that convinced me to try it . Now my Mollie looks like a perfect white fluff ball . I could n't be happier . Also , I purchased the large size like reviewers suggested to save money .
 My bischon , Daisy 's eyes cleared up in about two weeks and she loves the taste .
 I have a cream colored maltipoo and before I started using Angel Eyes she had those awful brownish red stains running down from her eyes and around her mouth . Within a week of giving her 1/2 a teaspoon a day , I noticed that it was going away . I trimmed the discolored hair away and now she is so cute . It also did away with the odor that the eyes had . I now only give her this dose 3 times a week and I would highly recommend this product !!
 Angel 's Eyes is truly an answer to my prayer . My beautiful little dog always had these ugly brown stains running down from his eyes . I had tried everything . It was so frustrating . Then I saw an ad for Angel 's Eyes and ordered it from Amazon when I saw the before and after pictures of dogs who had used it . It is a powder and the first challenge is getting your dog to eat the product . I sprinkled it over his food and he stopped eating the food . I tried everything to get this nasty powder down his throat . Finally I realized how much the dog liked milk . So I stirred it in with milk , added some vanilla pudding for a sweetner and then some Fiber 1 cereal with honey clusters . Well ... the dog gobbled it up and begged for more . That works for us . So he now has a lunchtime treat of Angel Eyes and the `` happy mixture '' and we have a miracle . It has been a month now and his eyes are absolutely beautiful . The stains are gone . This is a mild antibiotic and ground liver . I talked to my vet before using the product and although it is an antibiotic , he said it was very mild and would seldom be used to treat any problem that a dog would have . The vet made our little Sam his `` experiment dog '' taking before and after pictures . And it is amazing how beautiful his eyes are now . Although some dogs will eat this on their food , the main thing is to have patience and find what works for you in getting the dog to eat this product . I am delighted with the results . People used to look at my dog and say , `` What 's wrong with his eyes . '' Now they say , `` What a beautiful little dog . '' I am so grateful for Angel 's Eyes . You will need to keep giving the product to the dog on a regular basis . For the first three months every day , and then about three times a week . It is expensive , but it is worth it as far as I am concerned to have the ugly eye stains gone . I recommend this product highly .
 I have an eight-month-old shih tzu who had reddish tear stains -- Angel Eyes cleared them up quickly . I add a little water to the powder and pour that over my pup 's food . I would recommend this product !
 I 'm a total believer ! I ordered this thinking ... `` Yeah Right '' but I 'm amazed ! After only two weeks of using it , already the new tears are not brown . I was able to trim most of the brown stained hair back and after it all grows out it will be GONE ! He 's looking better by the day!I only wish they made this in treat form ! My dog eats dry food so the powder application is not that great . One dose treats would be SO HELPFUL ! For now , the way I give it to him is by mixing a teaspoon full of powder with a bit of watter making a paste that I plop on top of his food . He loves it ! -LRB- I did trick him into thinking it was a treat the first few times I gave it to him by mixing it up with peanut butter - but now I just use water and he still thinks it 's a treat ! -RRB- Anyway - GREAT Product ! Would give 5 stars if there was a better option for dry food dogs!PROS = It works ! My dog likes it!CONS = Powder form is not easy to give to dogs that eat dry food . Kind of smells yucky .
 Our shih-tsu is 14 lbs and when we used the recommended amount , he threw up his meal soon after he ate . He would n't eat for awhile , and we cut down the amount . Now he is free of the goopy stuff around his eyes .
 My Labradoodle 's saliva stained his white coat reddish brown around his mouth and neck . Angels ' Eyes cleared it up immediately and , with continued low dose use , the problem has never returned .
 I was told by a pet store employee that this was the best product above all others . I have been using it for 2 weeks and maybe I need to up the dosage as my dog still has SOME eye stains . It has removed most but I would like all to disappear . I do recommend this product .
 I bought this seriously thinking it was not going to work , but it does , it prevents and clears up the tear stains ! After one week I started to notice a slight difference , then after three weeks there was an extreme noticeable difference . I would highly recommend Angel Eyes . By the way , my dog at first was a little hesitant tasting the powder mixed in with her breakfast , but now loves it !
 Angel Eyes is the best product on the market for eye tear stains . Within days my Shichon -LRB- Teddy Bear -RRB- dogs eyes went from ugly brown red stains to beautiful eyes and no excessive tearing . Thank you Angel Eyes !
 This works well . I used Doxycycline for awhile , but it stopped working . I now use this for my fluffer -LRB- little white maltipoo-rescue -RRB- . Used daily until his face cleared , I only use it a few times a week , now . Also , I do n't use nearly as much as it calls for . No need . I just put a few sprinkles on his wet food . EASY !!! AND , it does n't taste gross . Never had a problem with him not eating his food . I still have over 1/2 a bottle and it has been MONTHS .
 I do n't know how but this really works.I have tried a lot of products but nothing seem to do a good job.A dog breeder -LRB- Maltese -RRB- told me about this and to try it.I have a maltese and figured what the heck.So I found the best price on Amazon and ordered it.In one week I could see a BIG differences.It does cost a little more then some products but worth it cause it works .
 The tear staining was unattractive and emabarrassing -LRB- for me , not the dog -RRB- . Of course everyone still gushed over how cute my maltese was , but I knew he looked sad . I also knew there was a beautiful maltese locked somewhere within the red eyed ugly duckling . Angel Eyes helped us find that . At first , he did n't like the taste , but now begs for his daily dose . I mix it with a small amount of vitamin supplement . He had a brief bout of diarrhea with it , so I backed off on the dosage -LRB- cut in 1/2 the dosage for his size -RRB- . We still got great results -LRB- even in the first week -RRB- and his digestive system seems better . I read somewhere that the product acts as an antibiotic -LRB- which might explain the diarrhea -RRB- , so I so recommend being careful about dosage and I plan to slowly cut back on the times per week I administer it .
 We have 3 Bichons that had eye staining and discoloration around mouth . Also they had disoloration in areas they licked at such as paws and body . Our groomer told us that others had success and we tried it . IT DOES WORK . We mix it in the wet portion of food . One of our dogs that has the most tearing is not rubbing at his eyes like he did even though he has some tearing . So it appears the tears are not as irritating . Our dogs are 8 years old and their faces had started to look so old . The eyes looked tired etc. . We were shocked to see that their faces appeared younger and healthier again - the `` old dog '' look was gone in less than 2 months . Hope it works for you too .
 I believe the product works ... I show an english bulldog , working to keep the face free ofstains can be a challenge.The only reason I did notgive it a 5 star rate , is due to pricing .
 I 've had Angel 's Eyes for about 3 weeks and I can already see an improvement in my dogs appearance . She 's a cream colored poodle so the red tear stains were always very apparent . Since I 've been giving her the supplement I 've noticed a considerable difference . Her eyes still get a little weepy every now and again but I 'm confident that with continued use she 'll only improve . The only downside is that even though Angel 's Eyes is liver flavored , my puppy doesnt seem to like it very much . If i put it in with her breakfast she 's sure to finish it before the end of the day but she definitely doesnt attach her food with the same gusto . It could just be that my dog is exceptionally picky . On the plus side , the supplement doesnt make her sick , -LRB- she has a weak stomach and tends to throw up just about anything that is n't her regular kibble -RRB- . All in all , I would definetly recommend this product to anyone with a light colored puppy who has problems with unsightly tear stains .
 This product really works . I have been giving it to my Cavachon dog now for a month and the staining is gone . You have to trim away the stained hair , but the new hair is stain free . The only draw back for some , might be the cost . I think it 's worth it .
 I have a white Bichon Frise/Poodle . This product started working in a couple days . It has prevented all the dark staining on his face . When I gave him the full dose all at once , he did get sick . Then I split the daily dose in half and stirred each half-dose into his food and no issue . He loves the flavor too !
 I 've been using this product for about a year now on my Bichon Frise . It has virtually eliminated all tear stains . Ca n't beat the price from Amazon
 This product does all it says it will . My Maltese 's eyes were a mess . After only one week it cleared up 50 % . Now after using for two weeks he is 99 % clear . He is now a beautiful boy with clean eyes . Great product .
 I bought this product hoping that it would actually work but not really expecting it to . . I have bought many products for my dog Buddy 's tear stains and nothing has ever worked but surprise surprise this stuff actually did and in 2 weeks . I checked out the actual web site and Amazon was cheaper . I mixed it in his food only in the morning and sure enough no more tear stains and he still eats like a piglet with no side effects - he has been taking now for 2 months . I have to say this one really is a 5 star . .
 Angels eyesAlthough we have used this product for only one month so far , it already has been a great success ! We put it in the food , add a few drops of water , stir it well - our boys has not rejected it one time ! And he looks so beautiful now , it is worth the money !!!!
 This product really works to clear up the eyes of my dog buddy -LRB- opsolopso ? -RRB- , he had bad tear stains so much so it would gather up in his eyes and made it hard to keep clean had to cut the fur around his eyes to get rid of the crusty gathering . Now after a month of having the product his eyes are clear and he is a happier hound . My Miniature Doberman Pincer took the product and her eyes cleared up but hers was n't as bad . Penny is doing better overall with the tear stain . This product works as advertised . Thing is all it is , is vitamins and minerals . Perhaps that it is lacking in the dog foods , this additive gives their system the nutrients to clear up the tear ducts.You will not be disappointed with this product . And 120 gram lasts about a month on a single dog that is small -LRB- 20 lbs or less -RRB- . Thank you to whom ever invented this product because it made my dog happier .
 We have a rescue maltese , so she had lots of staining ! We started using Angels Eyes and she looks amazing ! She still has a little bit of brown , but that will be gone when she is groomed next time .
 I have a couple of dogs that have the tear stain problem . I had tried all kinds of wipes with no success . I decided to give this a try and it works pretty good . The only regret that I have is that I did n't buy a bigger bottle . : - -RRB-
 I read the reviews for this product off of the Angel Eyes website . It works awesome . I have a cream Frenchie whostarted to get the horrible red eye stains . After 3 weeks of using it the eye stains started to disappear . Very easy to use , just sprinkle on the food once a day .
 I dont write reviews but I had to write for this one - its so good ! my bichon had tear stains and now they r gone . u can mix in food or give like a powder-treat -LRB- at least she thinks its a treat -RRB- and she will lick right off . She loves it . With time I dont even need to give it that frequently . now i give her once a mnth or so-the stains dont come back .
 THIS PRODUCT IS GREAT . MY DOG HAD BROWN TEAR STAINS AND NOW THEY ARE ALMOST GONE . EASY TO USE JUST SPRINKLE ON HER FOOD EVERY DAY . THE RESULTS ARE SEEN IN A COUPLE OF WEEKS .
 Have used Angel Eyes for several years on our Maltese . Amazing . Wonderful . Completely satisfied ! . Greg
 I am a Pet Groomer in Lewiston , ID . I run across several breeds that have watery or goopy eyes . Some it is just allergies certain times of the year but for most of them it is all year long . Some of my clients have had watery , goopy eyes for so long that it has actually caused severe infections under the eye and most people run to the vet to get an antibiotic to get rid of the problem , not realizing that they are just making the watery , goopy eye more prominent after the antibiotic is used up.I read up on Angel Eyes and several other products that were a natural form of ridding the watery , goopy eye . Angel Eyes is definitely one of the more expensive , natural products on the market for this problem . However , it has the best ingredients that I have found for this problem.I have had several of my customers on this product for a while now and they are just amazed at how it really works . Almost instantaneously they saw a difference . One customer had a yorky X that had the stinky , watery eye so bad that they really had a hard time wanting to snuggle with their pet . Once they started him on Angel Eyes the smell and watery eye went away . Another one of my customers had a yorky X that just had the watery , goopy eye and was shocked that she had gone to the vet and other groomers and was never told about such a product . She absolutely loves the results from Angel Eyes.I just can not say enough about this product . IT REALLY WORKS !
 I tried everything to stop the staining in my Maltipoo 's eyes . They were VERY bad . The groomers could not get the stains out completely when he went in for his grooming either . I did not want to give him this product because I was worried that it might upset his stomach . At first , he was not crazy about it , and he did vomit one time . Now I am weaning him off it , and he seems to miss it when it is not on top of his canned food . He really likes the taste now , and his tummy is just fine . Amazon 's prices are the best I have seen . My gorgeous dog looks as wonderful on the outside as he is on the inside , and he is now ready for his close-up !
 I have a Bichon Frise that has very bad stains around its eyes , its cleared almost all the way after just 2 weeks .
 I have a maltese and he gets tear stains really bad . I have used this product in the past and had ran out of it , so I decided to try amazon to see if they had better prices than other sites . I got the same product from them at a better rate than I would have if I would have ordered it from other pet supply sites . It 's works really great if you have a pet that gets tear stains .
 We have a maltese , and like most of here breed she has the problem with the eye staining , I did everything I could to keep the eye staining at bay ... then a friend told my about Angel Eyes ... I figured we had nothing to lose , so I tried it ... We have been using it on her since the beginning of April , and it works GREAT ... the tearing & staining has stopped ... I think this product is the best thing since Sliced Bread :-RRB- Try it you wo n't be disappointed at the results ... Only bad part about Angel Eyes is that no pet store carroes it ... so I had to order it online ... I checked around on different sites , and Amazon has the best price ...
 We tried so many things with our 3 year old shih tzu , Pedro , to remove the tear stains . We used the wipes every night and we did n't see a difference , then the vet gave him some drops we had to put twice a day which made the tear stains worse , not to mention the fact that he hated it ... we had already lost hope until we found this product . We read the reviews first and we really thought it sounded `` too good to be truth '' but we went ahead and order the small bottle . We noticed a tremendous difference only after a week of trying Angels ' Eyes ... we spent so much money in prescription drops before ... we are absolutely amazed ! With our dog , we first place powder in the bowl and then on top the food ... he does n't even seem to notice it at all . We will definitely continue to buy this product .
 Do n't know the magic , but we have a toy poodle and this all but eliminated the dark staining that comes from their eyes . Know the puppy is much more happier also .
 I have a cream-white colored maltipoo . He had a problem with stained , leaky eyes -LRB- they say it is caused by red yeast -RRB- . It would make his face all brown and stained . I tried sooo many topical products that did n't work . I finally found Angel Eyes . This product works from within . You sprinkle it on your dogs food everyday . You 'll see a difference and get so many compliments on your dogs clean face ! No more stains or leaky eyes , just a beautiful white face !
 After owning 2 white dogs . I finally found something that works . Best of all I do n't have to think about using it . I keep it by their food , add it and it 's done !!! No tear stains !!! Just very cute dogs !!!
 This product does just what it says it can do . I have two Maltese and they had dark tear stains . This product cleared them up completely . Thanks Angels Eyes .
 After trying the usual wipes and rubs to no avail , my white poodle 's face showed permanent unsightly tear stains from his eyes to his mouth . I bit the bullet and spent -LRB- too much , I thought -RRB- on Angels Eyes to remove the stains . The groomer laughed at me until I brought Snickers in for his shave & haircut -- she was shocked to see that this sprinkle-on natural food supplement really works ! I 'm able to double the time between groomings ; the product is worth every cent !! So I 'll be buying another bottle today .
 In less than ONE WEEK my Yorkies ' tear stains are a fading memory , I am amazed ! I highly recommend Angels ' Eyes !
 This product works great for eye stains for dogs . I have cocker spaniels and it started working within 3 week . You do n't have to wait 3 months as the label reads.will purchase this again .
 I 've been using this product for about 3 weeks now . I do see a difference in the amount of discoloration of Cali 's eyes . She seems to smell a lot better as well !
 I have two Clumber Spaniels , this products works at clearing the dark stains under their eyes as well as around their mouths .
 I have a little white Peek-A-Poo-Pom that looks like a Maltese pup ... She 's been having horrible tear stained hair under her eyes that make her look so dirty all the time.She 's the best little dog and we bath her quite often . We 've tried everything including the topical stuff.Nothing has seemed to work as well as angel eyes for her.She 's tear-stain FREE now : - -RRB- Great product that a little pricey , but this is the best deal for your dollar !
 This product really works . It 's not cheap , but it is worth it ... it really does work .
 Angels ' Eyes Tear-Stain Eliminator for Dogs , 120-Gram BottleWe have a toy poodle and within three weeks his eyes are almost all cleared up.WE recommend this product highly .
 We have been giving our little one Angels Eyes for 3 weeks and have seen big improvement . Our little guy was very bad and now he is so much better and improving each week.We love the product and the Amazon price was really great . No one came close .
 Great results . I have a beautiful Tri-Colored Corgi who had a lot of eye staining . I saw improvement within one week and great improvement in about 3 weeks.My dog adapted immediately to the taste . Did not appear to notice any difference with her food.Will continue to use . Happy customer !
 I own a buff-colored Cockapoo . It was so distressing to see my cute pup develop reddish brown streaks from the inner corner of her eyes . The corners of her mouth seemed brownish as well . No matter what type of vet-recommended/advertised shampoo and pads I tried , the stains persisted . I am a pediatrician , and in children tears drain away at the inner corner of the eye and into the nose . Babies are often born with clogged tear ducts , and we tell parents to massage the area . Massage did not work for my pooch . I kept the hair around her eyes very short to make sure the hair was not an eye irritant , but to no avail.I saw this product and my scientific brain was immediately skeptical . When I looked at the contents , however , it did not seem to be made from any products that were harmful . I decided to give the 30 gram bottle a try . Although my dog is 18 pounds , I gave her 1/2 tsp once a day to see what would initially happen -LRB- Half the recommended dose ; I wanted to make sure she would n't get sick . She liked the taste . -RRB- . After 3 or 4 weeks at full dose , the transformation was remarkable . Her eye discharge is no longer a runny mess ; it 's just a tiny dark dot -LRB- the usual amount any dog gets -RRB- and is easily wiped away with a tissue . She no longer looks like she has a dirty mouth all the time , a real bonus I did n't expect.If your dog eats dry food , I would wet it a tiny bit and sprinkle the powder on top , otherwise the powder sinks to the bottom of the bowl . If you are concerned that you might poke your dog 's eye while trimming the fur around the eyes , I would suggest Rubis nose and ear scissors . They are pricey but worth the money ; they are stainless steel and have rounded tips so your dog wo n't get hurt . . Rubis Stainless Steel Ear + Nose Hair ScissorsMany vendors sell a bottle of Angels ' Eyes w/o a 1/2 tsp scoop inside ; try to buy a bottle that comes with that very handy scoop.You 'll feel so much better when your pup looks his/her best ! This is a wonderful product .
 Very good product . We have two white dogs and the Angel Eyes takes the dark coloration from around their eyes .
 When I first bought my Maltese puppy I was elated . He was so adorable . Then came the tear stains which I was n't expecting . I spoke to my Veterinarian about it and did find out that is was common for Maltese to have clogged tear ducts and my puppy did . After the tear ducts were opened I still had some problems with the stains but not as severe . I then heard that Tetracycline was good for this and the stains cleared right up.Being a nurse , I did n't want to keep my dog on an antibiotic forever and the I heard about `` Angel Eyes '' . Since then , I have gotten another Maltese and I use it on both of them and I have no problems with tear stains as long as I continue to use the product.If you are a person that likes their dogs to look nice and not be faced with the red tear stains on their face , may I suggest you use this product . Mix it with a little wet dog food and they eat it right up . I highly approve and am very happy with this product .
 WITHIN 3 OR 4 DAYS OF USING THIS PRODUCT ON MY 1-YEAR OLD POODLE , I WAS AMAZED TO SEE THE DIFFERENCE IT MADE SO SOON . AFTER 2 WEEKS THE TEARING/STAINING IS JUST ABOUT GONE . I HIGHLY RECOMMEND THIS PRODUCT .
 This really worked for us . Almost did n't buy it due to what seemed like a costly item . Our bichon tears a lot and has very dark stains under his eyes . He looks like a different dog . We mix it in his dry food and he licks the bowl clean . Took about 3 weeks to notice any difference , and after his grooming he looked like a new dog . He has no signs of brown on his face now . We love this product .
 I have tried several other products that promised to help with my dog ` seye problems . I 've tried several different vets also.Angel Eyes actually works !
 this product is amazing my dogs tear stains are gone i saw results in about 3 weeks and in 6 weeks her eyes were clear i have recomended this product to my friends .
 Angel 's Eyes truly works ! I wish I had taken a close-up picture of Chloe -LRB- my Maltese -RRB- before I started using this product because the results are phenominal just at 3 weeks . I was very skeptical about using it as I 've tried so many different `` topical '' products to rid Chloe 's tear stains from her white coat , all of which have been a hastle & a big waste of money ; even our groomer has said she 's never found anything that works . My dogs get groomed every 4 weeks & I started Chloe on this just after her last appt . & so I 'm anxious for her groomer to see the results . I also have a shihtzu , but he is an extremely picky eatter & can smell anything out of the ordinary put on his food & so I 've stopped using it on him ; Chloe is a different story -- as long as I mix the powder well into her food , she does n't object . If you decide to try this product , you wo n't be sorry ; order the product from Amazon -LRB- it 's less expensive -RRB- , but go to the Angel 's Eyes website -- I think I read something about getting a free bottle if you take a before & after photo , along with a review , & the company uses it on their website .
 Hi . I have a 3 pound pure white Maltese , and I did n't think anything would help him . I tried the wipes , and so many other products . I thought about getting this one for a while because of the price . But I figured I 'd give it a shot . Within a few days I noticed his eyes were n't as runny . It is perfect as long as you use it everyday -LRB- or as directed -RRB- . Plus I do n't have to keep wiping his eyes , I just add this to his food and that 's all . I highly recommend this to anyone who 's dogs have runny eyes , stained eyes or face . Thanks , I 'm glad my money actually went for a good product .
 I have Cavalier King Charles Spaniels and a couple of them get tear stains badly so I tried this . Two weeks before a dog show we started and by the show they were noticeably faded the almost gone ! Even helped with stains around the mouth . My puppy likes this add to his food seems to eat up quickly the meals it is added to .
 This stuff really works ! You will need to cut off the already stained hair as it grows , but after that everything will stay white . It is great !
 I HAVE A MALTESE PUPPY , AND AFTER USING ANGEL EYES FOR A COUPLE OF WEEKS THERE IS A GREAT IDIFFERENCE IN HIS EYES , REMEMBER YOU HAVE TO LET THE STAINED FUR GROW OUT OR GET IT CUT OFF TO SEE THE RESULTS . THE NEW FUR IS CLEAN AND WHITE !! I AM GOING TO TRY IT ON MY CHIHUAHUA NEXT !
 I researched all over to find what could get rid of the red staining on my wonderful little Maltese/Shih tzu pup 's white face . The vet and groomer all said `` nothing can be done , it 's just the breed . '' I tried only natural color food , filtered water , certain types of bowls , wiping the eyes constantly ... everything I could . I was told Angel 's Eyes would not work , but decided nothing else did , what did I have to lose ? We tried it and it worked ! My little angel pup now has Angel Eyes . I 'm so upset I waited so long to try it ! I 'm definitely a big fan and would suggest you give it a try ! My only problem was he only ate hard dog food , and it did n't `` stick '' to that . So now he has a very small `` treat '' of wet dog food each night mixed with Angel 's Eyes . He does tricks for that treat every night , and we are rewarded with entertainment and his dear , white face .
 We adopted our dog from a shelter , and he had the red tearing around his eyes . The vet recommended wiping his eyes twice a day with a warm , moist cotton ball , but the staining persisted . A few other dog owners recommended Angels ' Eyes to help with the staining . Within a few days of using the product , the staining was gone ! We thought it would take a few weeks , but it was so quick ! I mix a tiny amount of Angels ' Eyes with some wet dog food and add it to his dinner meal . I highly recommend this product !
 Dramatic improvement within a week of using this for my Bischon Timmy . He is now 5 years old and the tear stains have got darker as he has got older but now ... . wow ! totally clear and bright ! He looks fabulous.I strongly recommend this product !
 This product works really well . My toy poodle no longer has tear stains . Her eyes are clean looking and beautiful .
 Angel Eyes really does what it says . I have a beige/creme colored dog who had lots of eye staining . It started working the first week . I 've only tried the Sweet Potato flavor , but he seems to really like it . I tried mixing it in peanut butter or yogurt , but that did n't work out so well . Now I heat up a little rice and water in his bowl first , mix in the AE , then add dry dog food .
 Got this item really fast and started using it and within a few days I noticed on my Maltese the stains were fading . She likes the taste of it ... so that 's good . I 've tried other products on her stains and nothing worked like Angels Eyes .
 After using this product as directed , my dog started to get stains back when we had followed the treatment and then stopped . I contacted the company and asked for help.I was advised to cut all wheat out of his diet as well as to give him only filtered water . I have a multitzu . He looks like a smaller maltese but without the smashed face . His nose is that of a Shitzu . I followed their recommendations and he has been stain free since . In fact I would recommend before purchasing this product that you first try cutting out all wheat and only serve filtered water as this product is pricey , very bitter and I had to really conceal it in things he loved such as liver sausage .
 I have been using Angel Eyes now for 2 - 3 months and have enjoyed a significant improvement in my puppies ' appearance around the eye area . I mix it with peanut butter and she takes it without any difficulty .
 Angel eyes works . If you have a white or light colored dog you will be absolutely pleased with the results . We have been using for six months and she does now have angel eyes .
 I have used this product for over 6 months and it works well , however I had to increase the suggested dosage back to a few times per week rather than once a week after I noticed tear stains re-appearing on my dog . I recommend it to every dog owner .
 I 've been using this product for over a year and it really helps eliminate the tear stains from our Maltipoo . There seem to be no side effects .
 I used this product on my 4 year old pom and it did WONDERS ! I witnessed no side effects to the product , and the results were noticeable by the end of the first week . In about 2-3 weeks or so she had no stains under her eyes ! It will usually stay like that for a good while , and unfortunately come back , but this product is a treatment , not a cure after all :P Usually when it comes back , a week or so of Angel Eyes and her face is beautiful again -LRB- not that it is n't already :P -RRB-
 Had problems with one of my Bichon Frises ' eyes having red tear stains and the other had stains around the mouth and on his paws that he licked alot . Tried everything to get rid of these stains for years . Finally found information on the internet about what this might be , -LRB- red yeast -RRB- and what helped to get rid of this . Angel Eyes was the product I tried . After about 2 weeks it seemed to fade so I cut some of the hair that was stained to see if it came back . It did n't and eventually when all the old stained hair was cut off , the dogs were white again with no stains returning . After giving this product as directed and now on the maintance schedule I am thrilled and the dogs are beautiful . I highly recommend this product .
 I have been using Angels ' Eyes for my Cavalier King Charles Spaniel and Maltese for a year and a half.NOTHING works as well as this product . People are amazed at how wonderful my dogs eyes look , considering their breeds , and I just smile and tell them it 's the Angels ' Eyes !
 I 'll make this short and sweet . if you have tried everything to eliminate tear stains from a white or light colored dog and not been successful , try no more . Get Angels Eyes . Plain and simple , IT WORKS . !!!!!!
 I have a 1 year old English Bulldog who has deep wrinkles under his eyes that had a red-tinted discoloration and were always wet , causing his face to always smell like `` wet dog . '' I started giving Angels ' Eyes Tear-Stain Eliminator to my dog three days ago , primarily for hygiene and I can already notice an enormous difference ! His wrinkles are already completely dry and the appearance of his red-tinted tear stains is almost completely gone . I was cautious in trying this product as I thought his eyes might get too dry , but I have not noticed this symptom . I am very pleased with the results so far !
 We have only been using this product for 3 weeks with our Bichon Frise . She has almost lost her brown streaks under her eyes . She does n't love the powder , but if she gets hungry enough , she will eat it . We are pretty sure she will continue to clear up . I only gave 4 stars because she does n't love the flavor , but the product works well to clear brown stains .
 I 've only been using Angel Eyes for several weeks , but I can already see a difference in both Maltese . Great Product .
 After using numerous creams and bleaching agents , and avoiding dark-colored dog foods , we finally found the solution to our 7-year-old Maltese 's tear-staining . Angels ' Eyes completely cleared up the ugly discoloration after only two or three weeks of use . We continue to use it on a daily basis , but use only a small portion of the recommended dosage , which effectively eliminates all staining . The initial cost is quite high , but the results are worth every penny . We anticipate that the initial purchase will last several months .
 I admit I read this ad and their website with much skepticism but my Bischon had bad eye stains , in the end I decided I would try a small bottle just to see . I was stunned at the change and you will be to . I am a loyal customer this stuff is fantastic !
 Not only does it help with eye stains , we use it here for dogs that drool . Some of the dogs are bad travelers and resentful craters . This product helps prevent that horrible red staining on their front legs . Amazon has the best price that I could find anywhere on the internet .
 Angels Eyes really works with getting rid of the staining but I have a hard time getting my Toy Poodle to eat the food with it on . He obviously does n't care for the taste so I have to put only a little on the canned food at a time and put lunch meat pieces in the food to get him to eat it . I find that if I mix it really well in the foods gravy he will eat it . The staining has really improved since I started feeding it to my dog . Next time I purchase it I am going to try the meat flavored to see if he likes it better than the regular flavor .
 I have a year old shih tzu . I tried all sorts of products that would remove his heavy tear stains . I tried also changing his dog food that has no beets and other additives that would cause staining . But to no avail . Finally , I asked my dog groomer for advice , and she swears on Angels ' Eyes . I was skeptical at first , but after trying it out for a week and voila ! The tear stains disappeared!Considering that my dog is also a fussy eater , I had no problems giving him Angels ' Eyes . He loves the smell and the taste . I just sprinkle it over his food , and he chows it down with gusto.Some dog owners have problems with their dogs after giving the product , like vomiting and diarrhea , but my dog was perfectly fine . He tolerates the product well considering he also gets an upset stomach easily . I suggest buying the small bottle first and trying it out with your dog for 2-3 days , and observe if their are any allergic reactions or other digestive problems.I highly recommend this product . Works really well .
 I tried everything else ; Angel Eyes started helping immediately . Everyone I meet who owns a white dog agrees . I have been recommending this vendor to all .
 I started giving to my Maltese on Oct 3 . His eyes stopped tearing right away and the area around his eyes was clear of stains by October 10 . Could not believe how fast it worked . And I had tried everything , including new bowls . Now if I can just get him to wipe his mouth after eating and drinking , he would be snowy white all over .
 I have been using Angel Eyes for about 3-4 weeks and it has improved the tearing our dog has . It did not completely stop the tearing but is a lot better . We will keep using it .
 Excellent product . I saw the results in about 7 to 8 days . I had to cut the stained hair around the eyes . The new one came out with no stains . Of course dogs cntinue to cry naturally , but the tears do not stain with this product . I am afraid that the poweder may daage the organs of my puppie , but I sprinkle his food with half a teaspoon everyother day just in case .
 We have two Maltese females and they love to lick their paws and groom each others ' eyes . All of the fur around their eyes and on their feet had become brownish , due to whatever chemical reaction it is that causes that to happen -LRB- I do n't understand it , but I know that it is common with Maltese . -RRB- So , we tried this and it really does work . You have to follow the directions on the bottle , and it takes a few weeks to be effective , but once you have been using it for a while you can clip out the old hair and the new hair will stay white.Be warned , though - if you stop using it for an extended period -LRB- as we did once -RRB- then the condition will return .
 I am a small breeder in Germany of Miniature Schnauzers black and silver . I use Angel Eyes since 2 month . You can already see how the stained hair at the muzzle is growing out . I am feeding a lot of fresh meat to my dogs , since this time some of them got more and more brown hair at the muzzle , I could not stand it . I can not wait to see their white beards again .
 We have 2 pom a poos and the mail Cody gets tear stains in his white coat , this works to remove
 Angels Eyes definately helps to keep the stain off of my Havanese but I still need to clean his eyes daily .
 I have a Maltese male and he gets really bad tear stains like to the point where it looks like someone smeared doo doo on his eyes I was tired of cleaning his eyes and cutting off the fur cuz he still looked dirty either way . I came across this and I gave it a try first of all this bottle is huge I 've been having it for over a year now and I still have half the bottle . What I do is that after my dog eats I get half a teaspoon or even less and mix it with a little water and put it in a dropper and squirt it in my dogs mouth I find that this way no product is wasted since my dog usually does n't eat all his food most of the time . I also only give it him once very other meal if its really bad but once it clears I give it to him once every other day and then once every 2 days . His eyes got super white he looks so cute everyone notices and says he looks really clean . Even though it is kind of expensive it 's really worth every penny
 After 2 weeks , my white boxer 's tear stains are almost gone . She loves the flavor -LRB- beef -RRB- and I just sprinkle 1 tbs on top of her dry dog food . I just purchased another 240 gram bottle !
 My Nala will only eat her food with 1/3 recommended amount of Angel Eyes ; however , we have noticed a definite change in the redness around her little eyes . We will take it slow with her and increase the amount but I am very very happy with the results which were noticeable in a week -LRB- at 1/3 dosage -RRB- .
 I got this for my Maltese . He 's always been very fussy over having his eyes cleaned and would get murky , gooey stuff as well as stains . Three weeks of this and he is totally clear . So far I have n't seen any adverse effects on him or my other dog -LRB- which is black -RRB- since they share food they both have been on it.It is a little pricey , but you get a lot with this bottle . I still have about 3/4 of it -LRB- or at least 2 months worth -RRB- . I sprinkle a tea spoon over their food with the morning food . They eat as usual , no change in the way they eat so I am guessing they ca n't tell their food has been ... modified.Personally , I think it 's worth every penny and so far my experience with my two dogs have been positive . I 'd never thought I 'd see my Maltese 's gorgeous face stain-free ! ----------- UPDATE 10/01/09I still have some of this great stuff left and I have scaled way back to every other week . Eyes are still nice and clear and no bad reactions to either dog . One of them got sick -LRB- ear infection -RRB- and we stopped giving it to him -LRB- a just-in-case -RRB- for over a month and no staining at all . Definitely recommend .
 I read all of the pro and con reviews about this product and decided to give it a try . My Shih-Tzu had a major problem with crusting and staining around her eyes , and staining on her mouth and her front paws . Cleaning the matter from her eyes was very difficult , and it was sheer torture for her , but she was in alot of discomfort having that on her eyes . Angels Eyes contains a low-dose antibiotic , and I was n't crazy about that idea -LRB- my reason for the four-star rating instead of five-star -RRB- , but was desperate for something , and this product has almost completely solved our problem ! The product is administered by sprinkling the powder onto the dog 's food . I mix it in with the food so she 'll eat it . I found , first of all , that I could use significantly less than the recommended dosage . At her size , the recommended dosage is 3/4 teaspoon daily , but that gave her `` the runs '' . I cut back , and have found that I can use as little as 1/8 of a teaspoon and get good results with no intestinal side effects . The staining has completely cleared up . There is still a tiny amount of matter that occasionally appears around one eye , but it 's about 90-95 % less than what it was , it 's much softer , and what does appear is MUCH easier to clean off . Angels Eyes does n't REMOVE the staining ; it prevents staining , so your dog wo n't immediately have stain-free fur , but as the fur grows out and is groomed off , the new fur will be clean . The instructions are to cut back the number of doses per week after a few months . We 've just reached that point , but I do n't think I 'll see less result , since she 's not a `` cleans-her-bowl-every-day '' eater in the first place . An additional benefit is that , now that she 's not afraid to have someone near her eyes , she 's become easier to groom !
 This has worked for my dog , although I do n't like giving it to him . He had the red stain even on his butt and his paws and it has cleared it all up .
 We have used angel Eyes for about a month on a small Yorkie-Poo whose eyes teared red leaving a dark red streak from his eyes down his face . The tearing has greatly improved allowing his cute white face to show , It is not perfect at this time but we hope it will continue to improve . It 's worth a try if you have red tearing on your dog
 No more of the ugly brown tears on my little dog ! I just sprinkle it on his food -LRB- I use a salt shaker -RRB- and he looks great !
 I believe i 've finally found a product that with eliminate the the reddish brown stain around my Shih Tzu 's face . He is black and white but of course his beard used to be the white . When I started Angels eyes his beard was red !!!! I 've only been using the product a little over a month but it seems that the new growth is coming in light !!!!
 This product seems to be working quite well . I even think that it is not only eliminating the tear stains , but also brightening and softening their coats . The only downside is that my dogs do not like the taste of it on their dry food , so I am mixing it with wet food .
 THIS PRODUCT IS GREAT BUT THE AMOUNT AND PRICE WAS TOTALLY WRONG . I RECEIVED AN E-MAIL STATING THE AMOUNT WAS 30-GRAMS NOT 120 AS STATED ON AMAZON AND THE PRICE WAS CORRECT BUT SIZE WAS INCORRECT . WHY ARE YOU STILL STATING 120 GRAMS ????
 I purchased this product for my Pomeranian/Chihuahua . When I adopted him , I took him to my local Veterinarian as I was concerned with the tearing of his eyes as well as the tear stains . I was given eye ointment to apply in his eyes , but was also told that the condition may be permanent . A friend referred Angel Eyes to me ; at approximately 3 - 4 weeks , I noticed a considerable improvement in his eyes . They were no longer tearing and it did n't seem such a strain for him to focus his sight . What once seemed to be sad eyes are now clear and happy ! I have reduced the dosage , but will continue with usage of this product to maintain the appearance of his now healthy eyes .
 I have only been using this product for about 3 weeks and already see a big difference in my 8lb . white malteses poodle . I do reccommend this product .
 STARTED MY WEST HIGLAND TERRIER ON ANGEL EYES MARCH 3,08 . AMAZING RESULTS ALREADY . VERY PLEASED WITH RESULTS . I WISH I HAD A PHOTO .
 This product is AMAZING ! I have a white tea cup poodle and b4 this product the fur around her eyes were always stained brown from her tears , and now they are as white as the rest of her coat . I would recommend this to anyone who has a problem with brown tear stains . It took about 2 weeks for me to notice a difference so be patient .
 Angels ' Eyes has eliminated the unsightly staining on our beautiful cream Pomeranian . I used other products but nothing worked . Now her eyes look clear and bright and her fur is perfectly clean under her eyes . She likes the taste , too and our other dogs are jealous when she has her daily dose of Angels ' Eyes . Amazon has the best price by far .
 I did not believe what this bottle said it could do . However this stuff will blow your mind ! It worked so well I was amazed . This stuff is worth every penny ! It only takes a little bit , it lasts for a while ! I would recommend this !
 great product !! was very happy with the results ! my little Maltese x no longer has any tear stains :-RRB- her eyes completely cleared up within 1 month of using Angels ' eyes :-RRB- thankyou
 Excellent product - After a couple of days of use my Bichon 's eyes stopped running so no more staining - I could notbelieve this would work . We had been giving `` Mimi '' Acidofolus tablets daily for about a year and her stains were getting worse . Thank you for helping `` Mimi `` Gail
 Bought Angels Eyes to clear up the tear stains under our toy poodles eyes , it has worked great . The stains are just about gone and he looks so much better .
 I have been using Angel 's Eyes for a while now -LRB- 8 months ? -RRB- and have had success reducing the `` rust marks '' from my Papillon 's eyes . He likes both the beef and chicken flavors ; I mix them with his food , or a protein such as peanut butter or a scrambled egg . My vet suggested mixing it with Fish Oil , but I have not had any luck finding this in anything but a pill form . I have -LRB- and do ! -RRB- recommend this product often .
 Angel Eyes works great !! The knock off brands definatley do n't work as well leaving tear stains after weeks of use .
 I have a cream French bulldog puppy and he developed dark red tear stains around 5 months old . I 've used the Angel Eyes for almost 4 weeks and they are almost completely gone . I noticed a big difference about the 3rd week . It 's worth a try . I ordered the sweet potato flavor and he does n't seem to mind the taste . This is the only product that worked for us .
 This product is the best !! I have been using it for 5 years and our Shih Tzu never , ever , has tear stains ! I feel so bad for those dogs that look so bad because of the tearing when there is a fabulous product out there to correct it ! If there is one thing you can do for your dog , please purchase this !!!!!!!!!!!
 The product is excellent , I have a white Mini Schnauzer and could no get rid of the black stains around his eyes as well as some of the hairs on the chin , I used all the products I found as well as home remedies but nothing worked , after a week using Angel Eyes all begin to change and now after a month of use all black hairs and dark spots are almost gone , I recommend it to any one that has a problem like the one i had .
 I purchased this for my maltipoo last week and then I put half teaspoon into her meal for today is the third day . I noticed that the reddish brown stain are better ! and the smell is not that bad , too . But the price is kinda high . Anyways it helps !
 Super product ! Easy to use and no mess.My Bichon needed something to combat the leaking eyes.This product cleared things up within nine days . No morerings around they eyes.Webster is handsome again and at a reasonable price.Thanks Amazon !
 This product works great . In about one week of use , my bichon has white hair again . Also the price was good , and I will definitely order again . Thanks Amazon
 I have given Angel Eyes to my Lhasa Apso/Poodle mix for over 3 years . She has cream coloring and it has eliminated the red stains under her eyes and mouth . I am also using it with my 6 month old cavachion who has white under his eyes . It has worked beautifully for him as well . They prefer the chicken flavor and I mix it with their dry food and add a very small amount of low sodium chicken broth to dissolve the angel eyes . I love this product and highly recommend it !
 This product does what it is supposed to do and it keeps my dog white as snow . He no longer has the redish brown stain around his eyes and now look cute as a button . The only thing I dont like about it is that it has an awful smell to it However my dog doesnt seem to care and eats it right up .
 we use angel eyes 1 time a week now on the food NO tear Stains !!! I breed Maltese and they can get really ugly tear stains even with good food I am really HAPPY with angel eyes NO stains on my dogs !!!
 I think Angel Eyes works really well to remove stains from Chloe 's face , but it sure is a costly product .
 My daughter refered us to use this product , it is a bit pricey but it does help keep the eye drainage to a minimum . My dog love it too ! She is a white shi-lasa . I add a little warm water to her food , makes a little gravy and she licks the bowl clean .
 My 5 lb apricot poodle has always had tear stains . I 've tried every product out there to remove the staining . Some provide temporary clean-up , but the tears continued to gather . My groomer recommended this powder , and the results have been amazing . In two short weeks the tearing has stopped . Her face is absolutely clean -- there is nothing there to wipe off . I mix the powder into her meals and she happily consumes it . It seems expensive , but it takes very little each day to bring about remarkable results .
 Our Poodle/Chihuahua mix had very runny eyes and red stained fur which gets very smelly . I was about to see a specialist and look in to surgery but I found Angel 's Eyes . I was skeptical but tried it . It really does work . You just have to follow the instructions . Once you get going with it you just have to find the right maintenence dose and stick to it . If you stop you will be back to the same old problem . My dog likes the taste of it so I do n't have a problem with him eating it on his regular food . If your dog does n't like the taste try mixing in some wet dog food , peanut butter , or something your dog likes .
 I stared to use Angel Eyes 12/16/2007 and my two Maltese girls have beautiful white eyes . We do not have brown under the eye . This product works .
 I just wanted to let those thinking about this product to know that it really works . My Maltese puppy was terribly stained when I got him and no amount of cleaning , or pet store products were doing the trick . Acutally it was making it worse . So I bought the product with my fingers crossed - I was patient since some of you said it could take a few weeks . And so right they were !! In a couple days I noticed no more wet tearing , in a week no more new stains , in 3 weeks completley gone !! Now you do have to trim out the old stains as the hair grows but agian in 3 weeks that had all grown and was trimmed away and what was underneath was pure white puppy !! He looks adorable . I sprinkled it right on top of dry food and he never even batted an eye at it . One day I forgot to but it on and he was sniffing it like it was new food !! Give it a try - you wo n't be disappointed .
 IT WORKS ! IT WORKS ! IT WORKS ! I have spent sooooo much money on topical treatments for treating the goopy eyes of my two little Bichon Frises , as well as hours of wiping , washing , and carefully cutting away rusty colored hair from eyes and mouths . Gorgeous , soulful , black eyes have been hidden by YUCK ! After only two weeks of faithfully adding the prescribed amount of Angels ' Eyes to their soft food , my `` girls '' look like different dogs . There are so many treatments out there making so many promises , but this one ... WORKS ! Pricey , yes , but it WORKS .
 I have been using this product on my 2 year old , 5 pound maltese for about a week and half and amazingly his tears have stopped in this short time . Now I am just waiting for his hair to grow out . I sprinkle 1/4 teaspoon on his kibble each day and he loves it . He picks out the kibble with the product on it to eat first . I have not noticed any adverse behavior or eating pattern changes . Given I use so little of the product each day , the product should last me several months . So , at $ 20 a bottle , it 's a good deal .
 Angel eyes takes a couple of months , but it does clear up the eye stains on our Maltese dogs . You reduce the amount you give the dog in stages . When the eyes are clear you continue with a small amount to maintain the condition.We tried mixing it with the dog 's food , but they did n't like the taste and sometimes would not eat it . The best way is to mix it with a tablespoon of applesauce with about a teaspoon of chopped chicken mixed in . The dogs simply love it and have it gone before I can get the applesauce back in the refridgerator . It 's a real treat for them .
 this is a great product . In just under a month , I can already see the difference in my dog 's eyes and face . The tears are just gone !!
 My small dog had drippy , goopy , stained eyes . The vet said it was caused by allergies . I tried several remedies -- nothing worked . ANGELS ' EYES began working within a week . Her eyes are clear !!
 This stuff is amazing !!! I have a little Maltese named Dino who used tohave very bad tear stains . B4 Angels ' Eyes , you could watch his tear stains grow wider , darker and more gooey day by day in between groomings . Immediately after his last grooming , I started using this stuff & got instant results ! No more tear stains ! Now all I see when I look at him , is his beautiful brown eyes .
 This product has greatly reduced the pink eye discharge that comes from his eyes in a short time . He stopped rubbing his eyes with his paws and seems to love the taste of the Angels Eyes .
 This product really does work . It is a good product . The only problem is that my little poodle is a poor eater and I had to really work to get her to eat it . I gave her this for the first 9 months and her eyes were Amazing . Then I gave up because she just would n't eat it . I believe her eyes have stayed better then they were before .
 It is the very good supplement!I want to buy again . This is easy for dogs.My dogs have beautiful eye
 I do n't normally write reviews , but felt this was a time to do it . After trying many products and even consulting with my vet on my white maltese 's terrible staining and crusting problem , I finally decided to try Angel Eyes . I was amazed that his problem cleared almost immediately and has stayed away ! Also has helped with beard staining . He is fluffy white now and his eyes look so much better and I 'm sure they feel better as he was always trying to rub them on the carpet as I 'm sure the crusting caused itching . I would recommend this to anyone struggling with this problem .
 I live in Vancouver BC and purchased the small container of this for $ 30 CDN -LRB- what a ripoff -RRB- , then I found this amazing deal and now my adorable little poodle is tear free and looking like a superstar !! Thank you for providing this great product , in such amazing quanitity at an excellent price !! I highly recommend this product to anyone dealing with doggie tears , after all dogs should never cry and only smile : -RRB-
 After reading the reviews I had to try this . It took about a month until the tear stains completely disappeared but I could tell a significant difference in a couple of weeks . My baby did not like it sprinkled on top so I put a bit if water in his dry food and mix it in . Works great and I would buy the biggest bottle you can afford . About to reorder . The mid size bottle has lasted 3mos .
 The yams are the best flavor . I dogs really love it . I put in their food and have no problem getting them to eat it . Also it has cleared up the stains around their eyes . Will buy it again and again .
 I bought Angel Eyes for my Shih Tzu/Mini-Poodle Mix . It started working immediately . She no longer has any stains on her hair by her eyes . She loves the taste -LRB- I bought beef flavored -RRB- . Would highly recommend it .
 I have used Angel eyes on Princess since i received her at age 3 months.When she first came home her eyes & by her mouth were orange color , that was when i saw in the magazine angle eyes & ordered it right away & have been using it ever since . I have also had at least 5 friends that are now using it.We all love the beautiful looks of our beautiful pets .
 Too early to tell how they or if they are working . A couple of more weeks should tell the story .
 I am very pleased with this product and with the fast shipping from this seller . I have noticed a definite difference in the discoloration around my dog 's eyes . The reddish , brown tint that used to be there is almost gone . I would definitely recommend this product and this seller .
 I use much less of the product than the directions stipulate because my dog wo n't eat his dry food with too much sprinkled on the food , but it definitely works . My parents introduced me to Angel Eyes after I asked how they finally got rid of the tears beneath their dog 's eyes . The product claims are right on target . And when I purchased , Amazon had the best price going . It did n't come with the little measuring spoon -LRB- which is very handy -RRB- but for the price , you can make do .
 My ice white poodle has no eye stains , thanks to this product . Now I find myself going around and telling all the dog owners I see with white dogs with ugly eye stains to get their dog started on Angels ' Eyes .
 Like everyone I was worried the product would not live up to its promise , but gave it a try anyway . I am so glad I did ! In three weeks my Bichon 's eyes were clear . This is amazing stuff and really really works . I highly recommend this product .
 This product is fantastic ! Totally eliminates the stains on my dog 's face . Love it !
 I LOVE this product . I have a Bichon who always looked like she was crying with the brown tear stains running down her face and brown mustache . I bought a bottle of Angle Eyes and gave her 1 tsp a day for about a month and the stains went away . Now I can give it to her 2 or 3 times a week and she is staying beautifully white . This stuff is wonderful !
 I have only been using the product for about 3 weeks and have seen a definate improvement , but the tear stains have not cleared up completely . According the website I am supposed to allow 3-5 weeks for maxium results though .
 The girls at my vets office could n't believe how `` clean '' my white miniture schnauzer looked . It had been about a week since his bath so it took a little while for me to figure out what it was they were talking about , his eyes were almost snow white and his mouth looked great too . This is a wonderful product . Expensive but well worth it if you can afford it .
 I am a born skeptic . I had doubts about this product but I researched it and liked that it works internally . I have been using this product on my white Shih Tzu doggie faithfully for 3 weeks now and I LOVE the results . I saw the white peeking through at the end of week 2 , got her groomed at the end of week 3 , and I wanted to cry !! She 's my beautiful white-eyed baby again !
 I puppy sit my Maltese 's puppy several times per year . Her owners tried numerous products to eliminate tear stains with no luck . She had terrible tear stains with clumpy mucus , just like one of my Maltese . I tried over 5 topical products including Eye Envy , with no results . The puppy came to us one week ago , freshly groomed and her owners started her on Angels Eyes less than one month ago . Usually my dogs develop goopy mucus and stains within 3 days of grooming and look terrible . It has been a week and her eyes are still free from the red , goopy mucus and slightly pink -LRB- previous growth -RRB- . Her new growth looks white and she has n't taken Angels Eyes for a week now . Her hair is so white and soft ! I am so impressed I am going to purchase this product to try with my dogs . I may just put it in their water because they usually do n't eat all their food . I will update after I try it for myself.I tried Angels Eyes and it works ! After two months of daily use my dogs both have no tear stains . Their faces are still slightly peach from old staining , but the new growth is white ! In addition , my female Maltese always licked her feet and had pink feet -LRB- so cute -RRB- , but her feet are now completely white . My dogs no longer have goop around their eyes , although my male still has clear tears and moist fur around his eyes . My dogs hate the taste so I have to mix it with some moist food . I do n't add it to their food or water because they wo n't eat or drink then . I give them each a little spoon of wet dog food with the powder mixed in as a daily treat . I give them each a little less than 1/8 tsp . daily and they weigh 5.5 and 6.5 lbs . This is less than half the daily recommendation , but it still works . I would recommend purchasing the 120g bottle , because I used the 30g bottle in less than a month . Why not treat the problem internally , versus trying to cover it up with topical treatments ? It also saves me so much time because I do n't have to clean their eyes daily anymore . Great product !
 this stuff really really works ! It is a miracle to finally have my dogs tear stains gone . And , you do n't need to use as much as they say on the package . my two Maltese had bad tear stains . My friend recommended this product so I ordered it . The dogs do n't like the taste , so I mix it in some peanut butter and they lick it off my finger with glee ! That is a good way to get them to eat it . Much to my amazement , all the tear stains were gone within about 3 weeks , as the hair grew out it just stayed white . the tear stains have stopped ! The dogs fur is now nice and white around the eyes/face and no more ugly tear stains . You will be so happy with how beautiful the dogs eyes look . And , once you have cleared up the stains , you only need to give them the Angel Eyes about once or twice every 4 weeks or so . I only give it to my dogs about once per month now and they NEVER have tear stains anymore . A bottle lasts about a year or more because you do n't use very much . This stuff is a miracle !
 We have been giving Angel Eyes to our dog Daisy for 4 months and this product really works -LRB- worked within one month -RRB- . Daisy no longer has those unsightly red stains under her eyes.Angels Eyes is a GREAT product !!
 It 's not often that you read a review and it really be true . In this case , it is completely true . Our dog is a white ShihTzu who had a licking fetish . His feet were staying orange colored and we had tried everything . We heard about this from our groomer and decided to try it . within a few days , we were noticing a difference . Now his feet are almost cleared up and he looks much brighter and cleaner . Next trip to the groomers will turn us out a nice , white little dog ! This stuff seriously works !
 This is the only product I have found that actually stops the red tear stains my maltese always had . He now has a white face ... as he should !
 It is AMAZING the difference I saw in the tear stains on my Maltese 's eyes ! Within one week I saw a difference and now after on month , they are clear ! Great product - I will continue to buy it . A bottle lasts about 6 weeks .
 A while ago I received a powder from my groomer that eliminated eye stain - it worked so well but they charged $ 20 for a 2 week supply . I have been searching for something similar . I bought this product in hopes that it would work in a similar way . The product was a bit pricy and when I got the jar I thought it would not last long . But that is not the case . You use so little of it each time that it lasts for a very long time -- and it 's worth every penny . My Maltese is so adorable but has the brown drainage coming from her eyes which has stained the hair on her face . I started using Angels Eyes and within a week her eyes began to clear up . It has been about a month since I have been using it and the difference in her eyes and facial hair is amazing . I had her groomed and they removed all of the stained hair . Now her whole face stays white and always looks clean . Buy this product if you have this problem - you will not regret it .
 This is the only product I have ever found to clear up the eye stains for my little white dog . I have tried many others and this one works like magic and you will see results almost immediately ! It is worth every penny it costs !
 I used this product on my maltese who was heavily tear stained . I had tried every single type of tear stain removers from wipes , gels , eye drops etc to changing her diet , giving her only bottled water but nothing worked . After using Angels eyes for a week I already noticed a marked difference in that the staining was getting less . She now has been on it for about 6 weeks and even though she still tears , it is much less and best of all the stains are GONE !
 I have to say I was not sure if this product would really work , but it does . `` Cooper '' had major staining around the eye area and mouth . He has been on Angel Eyes for approximately a month and almost all staining is now gone . Would I recommend this product ; I already have . Thank you .
 My little Gracie 's eyes were a mess ; they were constantly running and she was digging at them with her paws . I washed them every day with an eye care solution and yet they just became worse . After reading the reviews about ANGEL EYES on site , I purchased it immediately.Within 2 weeks the change was dramatic . The staining is all but gone . Her eyes are no longer soaking wet and she looks like a new puppy.I am THRILLED with this product ! It works beautifully and I can not recommend it highly enough . My other dog George has runny eyes as well , although not as severe as Gracie 's , so now I plan to use it on him also.Thank you ANGEL EYES . Your product is exceptional !
 My little dog had really ugly tear stains under his eyes . I saw almost immediate change after using Angels ' Eyes . It is truly amazing . I recommend it highly .
 Angels Eye 's seems to be working , it 's only been a few weeks but people notice . I ca n't wait for a few more weeks to se the final results .
 I tried the little bottle first to see if it really works , and it does ! I bought the big bottle now !
 I just adopted 2 malteses . They are adorable but their eyes needed serious attention . I tried every type of solution and pads that they sell in the pet stores with no improvement.I did my research on line and I read all the great reviews and a very few of the not so great reviews of Angel Eyes . I took them to the vet and asked for her opinion.She said to try it . I take a half a teaspoon and mix it with a heaping tablespoon of canned dog food.They love it . They are use to eating dry kibbles so this is a real treat . In a matter of days their eyes have improved.It is remarkable . I no longer have to fuss with them every day . Angel Eyes thank you for this great product
 I like this product . However , I believe the product was mis-represented . I specifically wanted the `` chicken '' flavor Angel Eyes and was shipped Beef .
 Great stuff . I began using this when my puppy , a Malshi , was only a few months old , he 's now 28 months old , 15 pounds and I only use about a 1/4 teaspoon every other day and his eyes stay nice and clear .
 This product is great ! I 've had my white poodle on it for over a year and it helps so much with tear stains . I recommend it to everyone I know with white/light colored dogs . In the beginning you use it every day , but it tapers off as your pet gets used to it -LRB- which my dog had no trouble accepting -RRB- . She has it sprinkled on her food twice a week -LRB- a tsp -RRB- . For your money , get the 120gm bottle or bigger especially if you have a large dog or several . I have a relatively small dog so a 120gm bottle lasts me over three months . You wo n't be sorry for this purchase !
 This product really works well . It took about three weeks before we noticed the difference in our dog 's appearance , but it sure did work and continues to work after a few months now.There is no more tear stains on her face and she looks healthier . I recommend Angel Eyes and will continue to use it for my dog , she has no side effects and when I spoke with her Vet he told us it was okay to use.It is a little expensive but worth the price .
 This product works great - I love not having all the dark staining around the mouth and eyes . His white hair looks wonderful !
 Excellent product . Removed tear stains from Maltise in about 3 weeks ; use it occasionally afterwards to keep eyes looking clean .
 This product has worked well . Just like my children I take pride in how our girl looks and this makes her little eyes so bright . We have a Havashu and there is some staining but I could not image her little eyes without this product .
 I have used for three years on my maltipoo . Since I have several dogs , I use small bits of hotdog to feed to my dog angel eyes instead of putting it on his food . I can tell when he goes several days without it .
 Angel Eyes does just what it claims to do . I have two Bichon Frises ; Angel Eyes keeps their tear ducts from staining the fur around their eyes . My babies have clean white faces : -RRB- Fast delivery , smooth transaction . The only thing that I do n't like is the smell
 Our cocker spaniel has had tear stains for almost 8 years and I was n't aware of anything that could help the situation . Our groomer recommended Angel 's Eyes and within a week or so , it was cleared up . Her coat is shinier also ! Love this product .
 This product works wonderfully to clear up tear stains . Now the down side , my dog does n't like the powder I have to trick her into eating it . It sure would be good if it could be put in tablet form . Maisie likes her vitamins and takes tablets really good .
 When I received this product and smelled it , I was skeptical because the smell is pretty strong . I initially tried putting on my Shih-Tzu 's food , but she would n't eat it . I then tried it on cheese , and she would n't eat it , either . I read somewhere to try vanilla yogurt and it worked like a charm -LRB- make sure you mix it up completely -RRB- . She eats it right up and is excited each day to get her treat . I even give her less than the recommended amount . It has been three weeks now , and I ca n't believe the difference ! Her groomer could n't believe it either . Her eyes were really , really bad and the tear stains are almost completely gone . This product is wonderful !
 I have been using Angel Eyes for about 3 years on both of our White Bichon 's . They love it in their food and neither of them have any stains below their eyes or on their face.Great Product and works as advertised .
 This stuff takes a little while before it works , but it does help a whole lot . Worth the $ $ $ .
 The angel eye 's seem to be working well for our dog.Although he is n't crazy about the taste , we just mix it in with a little moist food.We did try another brand that did nothing for his eyes , and was much more expensive .
 I have two light-colored dogs , a golden retriever mix and a cavalier king charles , both of whom had terrible red stains under their eyes . After using Angel 's Eyes for a month , they both look so much better - the stains are nearly gone ! They each get 1 teaspoon a day , sprinkled right on their dry dog food , and they gobble it right up with their food . I just re-ordered another 240 gram bottle - that speaks volumes for my confidence in this product !
 Good product . Tried one bottle to see if it worked and when we ran out his red tear stains came back so fast that I knew it definitely worked well . Would reccomend to any dog owner to use safely if there dog has this tear stain problem . My bulldog Buster does n't mind the taste at all , I sprinkle the powder on his dry kibble then add some warm water to mix and he gobbles it up .
 Using Angels Eyes for the past six -LRB- 6 -RRB- months has our Gizmo 's -LRB- a minature poodle -RRB- eye ducts , and surrounding hair , stain free . We 're down to using it just twice a week . What a grand product .
 Great product & my little gurl -LRB- dog -RRB- loves it . In just a couple of weeks I have noticed a tremendous improvement in the tear stains disappearing.I am NOT disappointed & I will order more .
 This is the only stain eliminator product that has worked with my Maltese ; have used over the counter , vet perscription and products recommended by his groomer . This works and he likes it !
 I 've given this to my 5 # poodle for 2 years and he 's only had eye `` goobers '' once , when I left him in someone else 's care for a week and he forgot to sprinkle it on Maxie 's food . He only needs a 1/4 teaspoon daily , so a bottle lasts forever .
 My Bishon Mix now has clean white fur around his eyes . This product is everything they say it is ...
 This is a great product . Everyone thinks that my `` prince '' bichon is a toy . He is perfect !!!
 Our Maltese was a rescue and came to us in pretty bad shape . This product did help restore his fur to a nice , white color . Some of the reviews I read on-line said the pet did n't like the taste and would not eat the food with the Angel Eyes on it , but we did not have that problem . He sniffed it at first , but now he 's used to it.We 'll order again .
 I have been using this on our 4 month old maltese . Since beginning to use it , we have noticed a difference in her tear stains and have reordered more . Definitely worth trying .
 Our 4 year old blond poodle has had the redish brown tear stains for the past 2 years . Most of the time we have been able to wash her face with an infant washcloth and get some of the residue , but more often I would use a small groomsman type shaver/clippers to clean up the hair . After purchasing Angels Eyes and useing just 1/4 teaspoon once a day , we noticed within 2 weeks that she no longer has the tear stains !!! Thank you so very much ! Now she looks as sweet as she is !
 When we found out our Maltese was eating her poo at times -LRB- she 's doing much better about not eating it now , thankfully . still working with her -RRB- , we were afraid using Angel Eyes with her would n't work , but it did ! Her face looks great . Of course we wipe her face with a warm washcloth everyday which helps -LRB- with brushing after -RRB- but I 'm pleasantly surprised . We noticed a difference within a matter of maybe a week , but within a few weeks or so , there was a big difference . Great product ! She 's white and gorgeous !
 I have been using this product for about a year and a half on my black and white shih tzu . It came highly recommended by my breeder and I have to say it works beautifully . My dog has never had a side effect from this product . I noticed a difference after about three weeks and once I got her groomed and the brown hair was trimmed off I never saw any again . I did stop giving this to my dog for a while and the brown came back so you have to be sure to keep giving it to them even if it is just once a week . Overall I would say this is worth the money if you want your dog to have a snowy white coat .
 My Yorkshire Terrier has a problem with brown smelly tear stains on his eyes that is difficult to remove and really makes it difficult to clean . I have used one bottle and am opening the 2nd . I did n't use as much as they want you to but it worked fabulously . It is difficult to get the dog to eat it but found if I put it in a spoon of soft dog food he takes it without problem . In about 3 wks the tearing has almost completely stopped and the odor is gone . It 's not advertised as a bad breath cure but we have noticed his terrible breath is no longer offensive . I love this product and highly recommend it to everyone with a dog having these problems .
 Now using the second bottle of Angel Eyes . It does n't stop the tearing of course , but it DOES stop the staining . I get the liver flavored variety , mix it with my Maltese 's food and he licks it right up . I highly recommend the product .
 I receive the Angel Eyes and have used it a month . You have to give it everyday for 3 months , 2 times a day for 3 months and 1 time a day for 3 months . This seems to be a long time but I can see a difference in my dogs teary eyes .
 This is one of the best products I have ever used . I can not believe I did not try it sooner . My maltese yorkie mix -LRB- he 's almost all white -RRB- used to have brown all around his eyes and mouth and his foot -LRB- cause he would always chew on it -RRB- and now has no brown anywhere . He is 6lbs and I started with a small bottle , it lasted about 1 month using almost daily . I sort of started seeing results after the first month , so I decided to continue and get the big bottle . I have been using the same large bottle for about 4 months and it still is half full . I put a small amount over his food every few days , at this rate the large bottle should last me at least 6-8 months if not longer . About two months after starting it I got him groomed and all the old hair was cut off and his face was completely white , and has stayed white even though I drastically cut the amount I give him down . I can not believe I did n't try this sooner , it 's def worth the money and after that first month or so you can cut the amount you give your pet down so much that 's becomes cheap . Honestly even if it was two or three times as expensive I would still recommend and continue to use it .
 This product works effectively at keeping the tear area around the eyes stain free . It is the only one out there that can do it . Our dogs look really great all the time . We use a few times per week . A few sprinkles over their food . That is all it takes .
 I have noticed immediate results using this product on my dog and will continue to be a customer in the future ! Thank you so much Beaux is gorgeous ! - happy mama
 This product truly does what is says it will do . . and quickly ! My Maltese pups ' eyes are now completley CLEAR and beautiful ! Thank you !
 I have a two year old Shih Tzu . Shih Tzu 's have water eyes which result in tear stains and odor . I started Angel Eyes in December and instantly , after her first dose , I could tell the difference . This is probably hard to believe but the day after her first dose her face was dry all day . It was awesome . She still has some tears but her face is dry more often than it is wet , the tears no longer discolor her fur and she no longer has the odor . I used to wash her face daily to get rid of the odor now whether I wash her face or not , there is no odor . I would highly recommend this product if your dog has a tear stained face .
 This stuff works !! My little shih tzu had runny eyes and discolored fur on his face , but since using this product , it 's all gone . Give it a try . . do n't hesitate .
 This product was recommended by a friend and it works wonderfully ! What a difference a few weeks makes ! I would highly recommend this product as it works 100 times better than any other tear stain wipe or liquid .
 This product rocks ! Nothing else works as well on my little doggie.She gets bad tear stains and when I use Angels Eyes it clears it up within a few days.I would absolutely recommend this product .
 My 2 year old cock-a-poo , Lola , is a beautiful champaign color , and she is so adorabble . The only problem I had was her eyes getting what we call `` eye-boogies '' in them & streaking a dark color around her eyes . I read that it was caused by bacteria & my groomer told me that the product `` Angel Eyes '' is the only thing they would recommend using . So I ordered her first bottle of Angel Eyes & have been giving it to her each evening with her dinner for almost a month now . Her condition has improved so much that people comment all the time about how adorable she is & such a pretty color . And then say that most light colored dogs have eye streaks , but she does n't ... I am thrilled with the product & am getting ready to order this product again . After several weeks you can skip a couple of days giving it to your dog as it builds up in their systems . She loves the taste of it , so do n't worry about it being a powder ... it either has a pleasant taste or no taste , but she eats every bite of her food covered in Angel Eyes . Now she is `` perfect '' ... thanks to your product . I tell everyone about it , by the way ... seems there is nothing else out there as good or comparable to this product.I am so glad I found a reliable company to order this product ... it arrived in about 4 or 5 days , regular mail.Thank you so much for your valuable service!Judy O BennettCharleston , SC
 We have a small breed toy poodle . As you all know , small breed tends to have more tears . It always look like two large patches under his eyes . This really helped . We have used it for about 3 weeks now . Immediate difference . Our dog looks a lot more beautiful and clean now .
 This completely eliminates the tear staining on our white standard poodle . After a while you can cut the dose down dramatically -LRB- for maintenance -RRB- . But - if you stop using it the stains will reappear .
 Angel eyes is quite remarkable . We have a Maltese-Yorkie who had lots of brown under her eyes . In a few weeks there is no sign of brown and she looks great .
 ANGEL EYES IS THE ONLY PRODUCT I HAVE FOUND THAT CLEARS TEAR STAINS ON MY MALTESE . IT IS AN EPENSIVE PRODUCT , BUT WELL WORTH IT ! I DECIDED TO TRY AMAZON TO SEE IF AVAILABLE . NOT ONLY AVAIABLE BUT MORE THAN HALF THE COST GOING TO THE COMPANY DIRECT ! I WILL SHOP AMAZON FIRST FROM NOW ON .
 I HAVE HAD THIS FOR TWO MONTHS AND USED IT EVERY DAY FOR THE FIRST WEEK AND MY MALTESE 'S EYE STAINS ... . GONE ! AMAZING ! NOW I USE IT ONCE OR TWICE A MONTH AND SHE IS STILL STAIN FREE . I HAD MY DOUBT 'S AND WHEN I FOUND OUT THAT YOU PUT IN IN THEIR FOOD I WAS N'T SURE SHE WOULD EAT IT . BUT NOT A PROBLEM , SHE EVEN EATS IT BY ITSELF . I AM SO GLAD I TRIED THIS . SHE HATED HAVING HER EYES CLEANED AND HER SKIN IS SENSITIVE AND IT WOULD LEAVE RED MARKS AFTER A CLEANING . AGAIN I WORRIED IT MIGHT BOTHER HER STOMACH I HAVE N'T NOTICED ANY PROBLEMS FROM THIS . I 'M VERY HAPPY AND SHE LOOKS GOOD ALL THE TIME NOW !! THANK YOU : -RRB-
 What can I say , nothing else works like Angels Eyes . I now buy it in the biggest size possible for two dogs so I hopefully never run out .
 I have definitely seen an improvement . My puppy still gets some tears and stains but is significantly better .
 It took a couple of weeks before I noticed a difference on the tear stains of my 6 month old maltese . It does seem to be working . My groomer said that they look much better and that probably by the next time I take her to be groomed , the tear stains will be gone after she trims around her face . I just hope this does n't have any adverse long term effects on her health . I just put in an order for the 120 gram bottle.It should last a long time .
 This product is great and my dog 's eyes improved dramatically after 3 weeks . However , he really hates the liver smell and does n't want to eat his food anymore . I have to try mixing it in wet dogfood but now he leaves a lot in his bowl - which never happened before . I need the product in pill form !
 We have been raising and showing purebred Maltese for thirty years and have never found a product more effective in keeping our dog 's eyes clean . We have been using Angel 's Eyes for several years now and will not be without it . It is excellent !
 I have two small Shih Tzus who were badly stained . The older one needed surgery several years ago , so since she 'd be `` under '' anyways , I had the vet do a tear-duct flush on her , it worked well , and she looked good for 2 or 3 years , but in time the stains and smell returned . Then , when our new Shih Tzu needed to be spayed I paid the extra to have them do the tear duct flush on her while she was asleep . It did nothing . She had a second surgery about 6 months ago for a foxtail removal , so I paid the extra , again , to give it another shot amd ... nothing ! After reading the reviews for this product I decided to give it a whirl , and I am amazed by the results ! My babies are both darling now ! And their faces seem to smell better as well . I do suggest that you find the best priced 240 gram bottle -LRB- you 'll actually save a lot of money -RRB- . I learned the hard way by repeatedly buying an expensive small bottle of it and quickly running out.Mix it with a little wet food and feed everyday without skipping . After a few weeks , you only need to use it 2 or 3 times a week .
 I have three Maltese dogs -LRB- all white , of course -RRB- . My oldest girl always tearstained a little but that never bothered me until she started having chronic health problems from severe allergies and too much yeast production in her system . Our vet recommended Angel Eyes -LRB- along with allergy medication -RRB- to solve her problems and the results have been miraculous . All of her skins problems related to yeast production have disappeared completely , she is not longer itching and uncomfortable , and her eyes and coat look amazing . This is a great product .
 Very effective product . In just a month , our dog 's new hair is coming out without stain and pure white . Ca n't wait for his next grooming session to cut off the old stained hair .
 This product works great . My little maltese always looks pretty . She never has tears stains . Angel Eyes is very easy to use , too .
 This is a great product , my maltese had really big red tear stains from his eyes watering . This product made a big difference in his appearance , but not completely gone yet . I 'm starting my third month . I do n't know if it will ever be completely white . Buy the larger size bottle , you will end up using it the first 3 months since they have to have it every day.Angels ' Eyes Tear-Stain Eliminator for Dogs , 120-Gram Bottle
 I have been using this product for about 5 weeks now on a Bichon and the fur around his mouth is alot lighter than it used to be . It has not quite got it all the way white but we 'll see if continued use will improve it even more . Overall I would recommend it !
 Angel Eyes is an expensive powder placed on a dog 's food , and it keeps the white around his/her eyes and face from darkening . The white stays white , grows out white , and remains white . It is expensive , but it is worth every penny !
 I ordered this and it was shipped in a timely manner and it was the exact product we were looking for
 We have a white Pekingese who had really dark stain on her eyes.Angel eyes has almost cleared it up after 2 bottles you can hardly notice it at all now and I 'm sure after this bottle it will be gone !
 It takes several weeks but works as promised . My white poodle has no more tear stains .
 I heard about this product from some friends and trusted that it was going to work when I bought the cheapest possible amount through Amazon . I am really happy about how it worked and about how it much better my dogs eyes are . He does n't have any gross black wet stuff in his eyes . Works for me . Yay !
 Our miniature poodle is a rescue dog and came to us with wet , drippy eyes and a vaginal discharge . The Angels Eyes proved to be really effective in dealing with the discharge , and her eyes are definitely better when we use this product . We have had her for two years , and have given her this product for about 1 1/2 years now . Her eyes are still wet and stained , but as I said , they are better than when we did ' t give it to her . She is a fussy eater , and we could not get her to accept it in her food . We ended up creating small raw beef meatballs with the teaspoon of Angels Eyes in it -LRB- she weighs 19 pounds - big for this product -RRB- . That is a treat she loves to have every day . And yes , we must do it every day , even after all this time . So while it is n't the miracle drug for her , I would n't hesitate to recommend it to other pet owners .
 This is a safe and effective product . It must be used in accordance with the instructions and frequent cleaning of the eye area and you will have a dog with no tear stains . This really does the trick !! Try it .
 We have a beautiful American Eskimo puppy -LRB- Suki -RRB- who is all white . We struggled with her eyes always being teary and brown . We were not sure if we wanted to add anything to her food . Well ... we were certainly proved wrong . Her vet was very encouraging to try angel eyes after reading the brochure.Suki has never been happier , she no longer rubs her eyes , and is quite beautiful . Now all you see is her beautiful white coat her large clear black eyes , and her huge smile . Do not hestitate on buying this product . We have been using the product for several months and will continue to do so.Wait til you see the difference with your dog ... they seem to smile more as a thank you .
 This product worked within two weeks , on both my toy poodle and shih tzu . I will buy again when I run out .
 Angels Eyes has completely removed the reddish stains from my little white dogs eyes . Ca n't say enough good about it . Before we used Angels Eyes , we had used everything we knew of to remove the stains . Now she is white as can be
 Angels ' Eyes is fantastic ! I raise Toy American Eskimo Dogs -LRB- fluffy white balls of fur and love -RRB- ... and some of them have tearing which causes unsightly stains under the eyes . I used to battle with trying to clean the stains and was not very successful . Finally I found Angels ' Eyes and was amazed at the results . My dogs no longer have any tear stains and look absolutely beautiful ! Thank you so much to the makers of this fine product !
 I own a white dog that I show . I had tried every possible home remedy for preventing and removing tear stains . He hated the Apple Cider Vinegar ... and I hated having to apply homemade bleaching paste to his face every night . He eats only a prey model raw food diet , so I was very hesitant to put him on something with antibiotics in it . But after the umpteenth wrestling match over trying to get a teaspoon of vinegar down him I caved . And I 'm so glad I did ! He 's been on the Angel Eyes for about 3 weeks and the tearstains are only a shadow of their former self . I did have to continue to bleach the existing stain , but there is no new staining fighting me for control of his white facial hair now ! I will recommend this product to anyone fighting bad tear stains ... the OTC and home remedies are worthless.One minor peeve is that I 'm glad I was warned in other reviews ... the bottle comes about 1/2 full . It 's still a lot of product , but if I had been expecting a full bottle I would have been seriously miffed to find it 1/2 full .
 I was skeptical about this product for the longest time . I have a 15 year old Maltese/Bishon mix , and a 2 year old purebreed Maltese . Previously I had to cut away the short hair under their eyes weekly because the goobers would get so bad . I finally tried this product , and within a week of sprinkeling a pinch of this on their dry food and there has been a dramatic decrease in eye goobers . It is fabulous . I wholeheartly recommend this product .
 I 've tried so many things but my dog 's tear stains just got darker and darker ... until they were black . I honestly did n't think it would work . But , my pups tear stains were gone after using Angel Eyes for about 3 weeks . Now my pup looks wonderful and his face is no longer marked by unsightly tear stains.I love this stuff . I will use it forever !
 Works very well although it must taste bad because my puppy has a hard time eating it.Only wish I had gotton the larger size !
 Angels ' Eyes REALLY works . I can hardly believe how WELL it actually does work ! My maltipoo looks so much better and younger ! The fur around his eyes is white now -- which it had NEVER been before -- even when I first got him as a 10-week old puppy . The first time I bought this product , I bought the smallest amount -LRB- 30 grams -RRB- because it was the cheapest , and I did n't want to waste money if the product did n't work . Well , it DID WORK , so I just bought the 120-gram bottle.Check the manufacturer 's website -LSB- ... -RSB- to see some before and after photos . However , Amazon actually sells the product for a better price . Some reviewers have noted that their dogs will not eat the product . I , too , had this problem . However , I found an easy solution
 This product is amazing.After a week my dogs stained fur under the eye 's are completly white . No more stained fur.Cut off stained fur and everything is fresh as a daisy !!!!
 This was recommended by my dog 's groomer . He is white and gets a lot of stains around his eyes . ThIs seems to be helping . There is less build up .
 This product really works . I have 2 mostly white Shih Tzus and I use this to get rid of & prevent tear stains.Be sure not to use the &#34; natural &#34; kind as it is not effective .
 It works perfectly for my little poodle Jolie Marie her little eyes do not have tear stains and I highly recommend it .
 I have two Shih Tzu 's with white faces . They used to have orange or brown streaks from their eyes down their faces until my groomer told me about Angel Eyes . I sprinkle it on their food and they love it , or do n't notice it , I am not certain . However , they eat it without hesitation and their faces are as white as they were as puppies ! LOVE this stuff !
 It truly works on my white maltese female dog . The red tear stains under her eyes spoiled her beautiful face and I tried different suggested remedies and none helped the situation . Used as directed Angel Eyes works like a charm . Be patient and as I said follow the directions and as the stained hair grows the stains will soon be gone . She 's sooooo pretty now that stains are gone ! I continue to put in her food although the dose becomes smaller and less times a week as you use it . She loves the beef although that 's the only one I tried . I sprinkle it on her dry food and stir some very warm water in to disolve the powder and it makes a gravy . Also this way she gets it all and none left on the bottom on her bowl . I RECOMMEND THIS PRODUCT HIGHLY !!!!!!!!!!! Ann
 I was very skeptical at first but I continued using just like instructions told me . Great results !!! I love it !
 My baby loved this product ! I guess he liked it so much , he attempted to eat a whole raw sweet potato when I was n't watching !
 I have a poodle/bichon mix and it works wonders on her . If it is given consistently everyday then it will work .
 This product was recommended by my puppy 's vet and it works . When I stopped after a month or two , I felt the need to start again . She LOVES the flavor and it is considered her evening treat . I would recommend it ...
 Angels Eyes absolutely works ! I have tried topical remedies for tear staining on my white Havapoo dog ... none work . This product is excellent and it works very quickly ... it actually prevents the staining . There is absolutely no more ugly reddish brown stains all down her face . It is worth every penny of it 's cost . Once your dog is on the maintenance dose it actually costs very little . Also this site has the best price I have found for this product .
 My Apricot Poodle has suffered with oozing , itching , discharge that caused brown stains under her eyes and down her muzzle for so long . It took only a week or two with Angel Eyes to clear all of it . She still has a discharge , but it is clear and nonstaining , with no more itching . A great buy -- everything it claims to be and more !
 Hello pet owners : If your dog is succeptible to the redish brown fur stains from its eyes , this is the product you both have been looking for . It works almost immediately . Applied to the dog 's food , the tasty powder does the job . Our Bischon Friese 's fur is growing out and the incoming fur does not have the redish brown stain . It is only a matter of time until the fur with the stains grows enough to be groomed away and our dog Winston , will have that same white fur on his back as his face ! A must for any dog with eye stain problems .
 So glad this product is around ! I have a Bichon Frise and had tried every thing for Tear stains ... nothing worked until I found this . I will never try anything else there is no need . Angels Eyes is great !
 I had heard that this product would help with tear staining but I was amazed when my little dogs stains where completly gone in a month . I 'm a professional dog groomer and I have used many topical products and none have worked . I now recommend Angel Eyes to all my clients .
 I 've tried many products to keep the stains from my malti-tsu 's eyes . Angel Eyes is the only product that works ! He has no unslightly red stains when I use angel eyes . When I quit using it waiting for my order to arrive the stains started to return . This product is fabulous !!!
 This is a wonderful product . I had tried everything on my malteses and nothing worked . It has been about 3 weeks now and there is such a difference in their eyes . The stuff is ground up liver and I have no idea why it works , all I can say is - It really works . I am so looking forward to when they get groomed next . They should look wonderful .
 It really WORKS ! This product comes in a powder form that you add to your dog 's food . After adding the product , I sprinkle a little water and stir it . It smells bad but my dog eats it with no problem .
 Angel Eyes is totally great . It has cleared up her eyes and keeping them clear . no more stains . Shared with son and is working just as great on there dog . Sister in law will not use and her dog is stained and looks real bad.I would recommend this product to anyone who has a dog subject to eye staining . Well worth the price , however I would recommend buying in the bigger bottles and save . Believe me you willnot be sorry.Joe Duncan
 I was using Angel 's Glow prior to buying this product . This product seems to have less `` junk '' in it than Angel 's Glow . But in all reality my dog hates both products . I have to stir the medication with cottage cheese for her to eat the food . I found out though that the main ingredient is Tylosin which is an antibiotic that can be purchased at the veterinarian 's office . I now regret buying a 240 gram bottle ... because my vet has agreed to get me this antibiotic ... oh well
 This product works great on my Maltese ! No more tear stains and no more discolored feet from licking . Great product for tear stains .
 My Maltese puppy -LRB- Ruddy -RRB- found the taste to be bitter , but I mixed it with soft food , and now he does n't even know the difference . Seeing positive results . Will continue to use this product .
 This product has really helped with tear staining . I did n't think it did much and so stopped giving it and quickly I found out that it did make a difference so had to order it again . I have put my dog back on it and am once again seeing a difference .
 I have used this for several years for my Westie . I only use about 1/8 of a teaspoon every other day and he has never had tear-stained eyes .
 I have a white maltipoo who had dark red stains around her eyes and mouth . Within two weeks of daily use , the stains were 85 % gone with no side effects . She was already very cute , and now she 's even more beautiful . I 'm now reducing the dose to see how little I can give her to keep the stains from reappearing . I highly recommend this product - it works .
 I stopped using Angels eyes for a while to save money and my Maltese 's eyes lookedHorrible in two weeks time ! Then we rescued another light haired dog who has stainingOn her eyes , feet , backside and tail from licking . So I found the product so muchCheaper on amazon and have just started both dogs on it again . Should have never stopped !
 It works well and my dog likes the taste . But , the main ingredient is an antibiotic . My vet said not to give it to my dog . But I do n't like her eyes to get nasty . So I give it to her for a couple of weeks when her tears start to stain and then stop it for 2-3 months until she needs it again .
 Love it ! Switched to the &#34; natural &#34; version -- it did n't work AT ALL on my Maltese -- this worked as great as it always has ! Highly recommend it to anyone with a dog with staining eyes or mouth .
 Im a groomer and nothing gets tear stains off a dog better than this !!! I have a english bulldog and it works great on her ! I recommend this product to ALL my clients ! It really works great and no side effects !
 Molly is a blonde morky with a bouncy walk and a fluffy tail that curls up over her back . She is the neighborhood charmer and when Angel 's eyes natural failed to keep her eyes bright and clean I felt like our neighbors thought I was being mean to her . This brand of Angel 's Eyes cleared up her sweet little eyes after one bottle . Angel 's Eyes Natural may work for some dogs but it did not work for Molly . Her pretty little white face became a tear stained mess . She had rusty looking streaks under her eyes that were so bad they looked painful . She takes her Angel 's Eyes in one tablespoon of wet food & eats it like she does n't even know it is there . Her groomer trimmed off the tear stained fur and she is back to her normal self again . I am so relieved . Molly 's Mom
 This is the only product that really gets the stains out . I 'm a groomer and I have tried other products but none works as well as this does . I recommend it to all my clients and I have seen it clear up eyes , feet , and sanitary areas time and time again.It works wonders as long as you follow directions . Great great product .
 Be aware that this is an antibiotic . Would be 5 stars if it were n't that there is some potential danger . It did clear up the stains around my dog 's white snout . Unlike most antibiotics it has been shown to work well over a long period . Please make sure to discuss this product with your vet . It is an antibiotic . I run annual blood work on my dog to ensure his liver is not being compromised . This works on the whole coat and helps with ear infections as well . I use the lowest dose possible to keep stains away . After a month I skipped a week -LRB- forgot to take it with me at Christmas -RRB- , then found out it is antibiotic , so I restarted at half dosage . 4 weeks later and still no stains ...
 THIS IS A GREAT PRODUCT I PUT IT IM MY SHIH TZU 'S FOOD AND SHE LOVES IT HER EYES STOPPED TEARING AND NO MORE DARK STAINES : -RRB-
 I have a mini maltese , and a sprinkle just a teeny bit in his food maybe once every few weeks and it works GREAT ! no dark eyes !
 This does what it promises . After about 3 days noticed the difference.You do have to continually use it though since the results are not permanent.It also seems to get rid of a strange smell that would come from her.Reccomended .
 Have tried numerous products for my Maltese and none of them worked . He has terrible staining under the eyes . When my groomer told me about Angel Eyes I decided to try it . Unbelievable results . This is truely the only product out there that works and I have tried them all . Thanks Angel Eyes .
 It really does the trick on our two Shih-tzus . The brown stains below the eyes from drainage is gone , even if it took months . Patience and perseverance was the trick . Great stuff .
 We have a yorkie , schnauser mix dog who is about 1 year old and her eyes were always weepy and caked with debris . After 3 or 4 days of using the angel eyes we saw a great improvement in that short of a time . I am reordering my next batch for her and although it is n't cheap , it certainly works .
 After only two weeks use , I see a definite improvement . My Yorkie does n't mind the taste , and her eyes are clearer already !!!
 My dog Chloe is white and she had ugly rust colored stains . Angel eyes has been a great product . She is just about stain free . We have been using the product for a little over 3 months , so we use it 4 times a week now -LRB- we follow the directions on the container -RRB- . Soon , we 'll only use it 2 times a week . My dog does n't mind the taste at all . We sprinkle it on her dinner kibble and I add a tiny bit of water to the food and shake it around a little . Looks like a little bit of gravy ! Try to get the 240 gram size . It is much more economical.CJ from Philly
 I have been using Angel Eyes in my pom/poo 's food for about two weeks now and I have seen a big improvement in the clarity of his eyes . Before I used this product , his eyes were always gunky , I had to wash his eyes almost everyday ! Since starting Angel Eyes , I have only had to wash his eyes about 2 times . Even my daughter has noticed and mentioned that he looks great.I have decided to buy the two bottles next time and qualify for the free shipping . That way I get 2 bottle for the price of 1 !
 Angel eyes started working on my dogs eyes after only a week or so . i 've been using it for a month now and they are getting better and better . the only bad thing about it is that it is powder and has a bitter taste so my dog wo n't eat it unless i really mix it with human food . He eats dry food so it wo n't mix in with that . Other than that , it is a great product so far ...
 The product works great , the fur around my dog 's eyes is almost completely white after less than 2 months . The only down side is that there 's no scoop included in this large size -LRB- 240 gram -RRB- so if you want to keep something with the bottle , you 'll have to break up a set of measuring spoons .
 It relly works . First product for tear stains that seems to make a difference . It is not lapped up , but we give it in yogurt and it is no problem .
 I have a Maltese dog who I adopted . When I got him his eyes were stained and looked terrible . I did some research and decided to give Angels ' Eyes a try . This stuff really works ! He looks amazing now , seems to like taking this when I sprinkle administrations on his food and it works ! He 's been taking it for four months now . As you go along , your dog needs less and less . It only takes a couple of weeks to see a difference and the tear stains get less and less as you keep giving this to your dog . Best product on the market for helping dogs get rid of tear stains !
 Have a toy poodle and this product is wonderful for a `` tearing eye '' breed of dog . A small amount on top of the food each day just about eliminates any tearing . If you have a tearing dog this product is a MUST . Ca n't live without it .
 I 've been using Angel Eyes on my white poodle & I 'm truly amazed at the results ! Within a few weeks , you could see the difference . He now has a white face instead of that ugly , dirty , tear-stained mess . My daughter is a dog-groomer & she 's telling all her customers about this product .
 Angel Eyes is expensive but well worth it because it actually works . Cheaper products are available but they just do n't work . My Bishon has a beautiful white face with no discoloration at all . If you buy it and use it , your dog will lose its ugly tear stain marks as well .
 Before using Angels Eyes , our pooch always had brown tear stains running from her eyes onto her white fur coat . Now that we use Angels Eyes , the staining from her tears has diminished considerably . We add it to her food every day and she seems to love it .
 This product works ... plain and simple . It is harmless , it is tasty -LRB- according to my pooch -RRB- , and it works . The difference between the before and after appearance of his tear stained eye area is remarkable !
 I will be buying this Forever !!!! I have a `` yorkie-poo '' and she no longer has ... eye stains ... ALSO ... this size and this price is the Best ... I have found !
 I am so impressed with Angel Eyes . Buddy is a white poodle and the drainage from his eyes turned the fur under his eyes a rusty brown . Since using Angel Eyes that no longer happen . He is a much prettier dog . He still has drainage but it is clear . I had tried several things -LRB- 1 -RRB- Washed his eyes every morning and evening , tryed peroxide in the mornings and evenings , and I tryed baby wiped three time a day . Nothing seemed to work . I was really surprised when I tryed Angel Eyes . I am going to tell my groomer and vet about Angel Eyes since they did not have any suggestions for what I could do . It would be great if you could get this information out to vets and groomers.Robert Bruhl , For BuddyWaverly , NE 68462
 It worked great for 3 dogs . We could notice a difference in 4 days . I show the product to my Vet and he approved it daily use.Lucie
 This product works great ! After just a few weeks , our white poodle 's eyes cleared up and there 's hardly any of that brown sticky residue seeping from her eyes . I wish it came as a tablet or pill since that would be easier to get her to swallow . It comes as a powder that you mix with food . We have two dogs who eat dry dog food , so I ca n't just add it to her food . But the product works . You have to keep at it for several months and then you can reduce the number of times you give it to your dog . Eventually you end up with just twice a month . Also , search the web for lower prices for larger quantities .
 Good service and great price . Will order again . This product works very well on my dog . No more tear stains .
 I use Angel Eyes for my Maltese dog . It works great . I notice that when I forget to put it on her dog food , then the brown tear stains appear again . I would recommend this product .
 I purchased Angel Eyes for my Maltese puppy and it works well ! Her tear stains dissapered in a matter of days ! I would definitely reccomend this product anyone . I just wish it came in a chewable form .
 I have two Great Pyrenees and they started to produce pinkish saliva . It looked awful , but the vet said it was normal in white dogs . I tried several things that did not work or they would n't eat . They do n't mind this at all on their food . Their saliva is now normal - no more pink !
 I have been using Angels ' Eyes Tear-Stain Eliminator for 7 + years with my Maltese . I tried many other commercial products and home-made remedies prior to this product . Mix it in with a little wet food and does n't get any easier and nothing works better .
 I must admit I was concerned that this was another product that would not work , however this is the best product I have ever used to prevent the goop from draining from the eyes of my maltese . I ran out recently and within a couple days it all came back , I am just waiting ntil I have a little extra cash to buy some more . I love this product
 I tried other drops and lotions on my Maltese puppy and this worked the best . I was concerned after reading that there is a small trace of an antibiotic in it but my Vet checked it out and said it was ok .
 I chose second day shipping for this order , but I actually got it about 20 hours after I placed my order !! I could not believe I got it so quickly . I even e-mailed the company with a question after I received my order , and I received a quick , helpful response . I definitely recommend this seller!I have a 6 pound white and gray shih tzu . His tear staining had gotten terrible , and even his feet had turned pink . We have only been using Angel Eyes for about a week , but I can already see an improvement in his fresh growth and his tear production . His eyes are n't watering nearly as much , and he does n't get as much gunk in his eyes now . The only problem I have is that he is an incredibly picky eater , and he absolutely wo n't eat this on food . To solve that problem , I have been mixing him `` cookies '' with peanut butter and the Angel Eyes powder and then put them in the refrigerator for a little while to harden . These are a little gross to make , but it works . He eats these with no problem .
 I have five maltese and have tried many products . This is by far the best and works on all of them . No more tear stains !!
 I gave this product a 4 star , because when I received and opened the product , it seemed to me that the bottle was halfway empty . Whether it was 120 gram worth of powder , I do not know , but it sure did n't seem like it . There 's no way I could 've measured it , unfortunately . It worked for my shih tzu -LRB- Using for approx 2 1/2 mos -RRB- who had extremely bad tear stains on her face and even from when she licked herself . My husband likes her a lot more now since she does n't look like Oscar the Grouch . I can say that it defintely took away the major brown stains around her eyes , but there is still a slight discoloring on her face . It seems you ca n't miss a day from using the stuff in order for it to work well . So if you 're going to do it ... Buy plenty ! But it will work if you keep up with it .
 Angel Eyes was recommended to me by my sister-in-law who is a breeder for Yorkies , MultiPoos , YorkiePoos , etc. . Annie is 15 month old , weighs 4.5 pounds and is blonde . Without Angel Eyes the area under her eyes was moist , discolored , and unsightly , but with this great product she is dry , clean and beautiful . Great product and I highly recommend it !
 Our dogs look great . Tear stains take a while to go away , but they do !
 Angel Eyes totally clears the reddish area below my white poodle 's eyes . I mix it in with his morning feeding and he loves it . I 'm sold on this product .
 My puppy has eyes that drain that goopy brown stuff which in turn stains her cute little face . After using Angel Eyes on her food for one week I could already see the decrease in drainage and staining . It also makes per go poopy less and it decreases the smell of her poo . It is a great product .
 It 's white the eyes and the mouth stains , not only that , it reduce the tears from coming out all the time . My dog now has dry eyes for most of the time and does not itches from food allergies any more .
 This really works !! My dog had the worst staining , now it 's all gone , and she looks llike a perfect stuffed animal.try it !!
 It works . Period . Yes , it 's expensive , but it 's the only product out there that really , truly gets rid of tear stains.I adopted a stray St. Bernard that had horrible tear stains on her face . I tried just about every product on the market -LRB- including topical products that had to be applied three times a day -RRB- , and nothing seemed to help . I read the great reviews for Angel Eyes , but could n't find any information about using it on a 120 + lb . dog - only small dogs like Maltese Terriers . I finally decided to just go for it.When the product arrived , I had to make an educated guess on how much to give my dog , since the label did n't give dosing information for something the size of a St. Bernard . I ended up using about 4x the largest amount shown on the label , divided up into two doses per day . Within two weeks , I began to see a difference . Not only were the tear stains disappearing , but my Saint 's eyes were less drippy -LRB- which is why they were stained in the first place -RRB- . I 've been using Angel Eyes ever since -LRB- approximately one year -RRB- - no more stains . Once the stains were gone , I was able to cut back to a much lower dose -LRB- approximately 1 tsp . three x/week -RRB- . An added side benefit
 This product really works . It takes a couple of weeks before one sees the change . My white standard poodle has no more stains around her eyes and mouth . Thanks Angel Eyes .
 My coton de tulear developed horrible tear staining when he was about 5 months old . I purchased Angels ' Eyes and within a month my puppy 's stains were completely gone . My pup is now 10 months old and remains completely tear stain free . One suggestion - follow the dosing and frequency directions on the bottle ! At first you will have to give it every day , but over time you can reduce to 2-3 times per week and keep the results .
 This is an expensive product but the only one which I have founds works to keep my white Maltese 's eyes clear and not stained . However , I have had to use my own judgement as to how much to use and how often . I mix 1/4 tsp with a little soft wet food such as Caesar -LRB- although our dog eats kibble as her daily diet -RRB- in a small dish and I treat her on a daily basis . This works better for my dog than the recommended dosage . I have found that having my local feed store order this product is cheaper and quicker and no shipping .
 I have been using it on my maltese for over a month and I am getting nice results . Maybe not as much as the pics but at least it 's been helping her a lot .
 We 've used other products to get rid of tear stains on our mixed pomeranian but nothing has worked as well or as fast as Angels ' Eyes.We noticed a difference after the first 2 days of using the product and we do n't even use it every day .
 Amazon has the best price for this product , I usually pay $ 30 for the smaller bottle , but at Amazon for a few dollars more I got the biggest bottle.The product really works , if your dog already has tear stains follow the instructions , if they dont have the tear stains I recommend using it every other day , then down to 2 or 3 days a week . My shih tzu had bad tear stains when I first got the product I followed the instructions and once the tear stains were gone I switched to using it 3 days a week and my dog hasnt had tear stains since .
 I have a purebred Maltese who use to have terrible tear stains . He had tear stains so bad his eyes even seemed irritated and puffy . But thanks to Angel Eyes all that is gone . His tear stains are completely gone . More importantly his irritated eyes are gone so he is more comfortable . He does not mind the Angel Eyes on his food at all , in fact I think he likes it ! I love Angel Eyes . If you have a little dog , it does n't take much and the bottle will last a long time !
 this stuff is fantastic and really works . Not only on eyes but on bacteria in the mouth . no more bad dog breath.I highly recommend this product
 Thank you Angel Eyes ! I had no idea how well this product would work and how fast it worked . My shitzu is now free from EYE junk and no more staining around her eyes and mouth . She looks always clean and adorable . Thank you Angel Eyes ! My vet also approved this product .
 Great product for dogs with skin folds ! Easy to use and works well . However , one bottle does not last long at all , so make sure to stock up !
 Angels Eyes works for my beautiful little white long-coat Chihuahua , Madison . I have ordered it twice because it is a good product . If your dog has tear stains this gets rid of them .
 I have a four year old Saint Berdoodle -LRB- Saint Bernard/Poodle mix -RRB- named Sailor , and he was ALWAYS getting black `` gunk '' buildup from his eyes . He 's basically a white dog and the gunk was terrible ; he hated getting his face cleaned and it seemed like I could never get it clean enough . While browsing through the pet shop , I came across a product called Angel Eyes , which promised noticeably whiter eyes within just a few days . Sailor is VERY happy that I do n't have to wash his face any longer ; just the quick swab of the tiny trace lines and that 's it ! I put just a teaspoon of beef-flavored Angel Eyes in with his food ; he knows it 's coming and he dances around the room.Thank you , Angel Eyes!Kelley & Sailor
 This product really works on my maltese Lily VERY well !! I did n't use it for about a week while it was still packed in my luggage and I noticed immediately the brown junk that started forming under her eyes without it . I use just a little everyday -LRB- she only weighs 3lbs ! -RRB- so my first 120oz bottle has lasted me over a year , and it works like a charm !
 I have tried several different brands of stain cleaners for my white dogs ' eyes , but the only thing that works is Angel Eyes ! It does not work overnight but it does work ! My puppy looks so much better thanks to Angel Eyes !
 Angel Eyes lived up to it 's promise ! My Maltese no longer has tear stains ! There were also no side effects with the product and I feel it is a safe alternative to topical products that could hurt the eyes .
 really helped our old Boston Terrier who had a lot of staining and drainage from his eyes .
 I have been giving my Bichon this product for only a couple of weeks . I got the 30 grams to try it , since my dog does have a sensitive tummy . I started out with 1/2 the recommended dosage for his weight , to see if he could get used to it . After a week , went to the full dose , and he LOVES the stuff . We give him dry dog food , and he did n't like it sprinkled on it ... but I mixed it with a heaping teaspoon of yogurt , and now it 's a morning ritual . Since we just started , I ca n't tell a huge difference yet , but it 's enough to continue for now . Willing to give this second , large bottle a try.I am returning to give my limited experience . I have battled the tear stain problem long enough . My dog is little more than 5 years old , and I was able to keep his face looking white until about age 3 1/2 , when it got worse . I have done everything ... vinegar in his water , wiping with pads twice a day , etc. . Even Visine , as recommended by a friend . He has always loved yogurt -LRB- just a tablespoon full daily ; maybe one remedy mentioned was more than that ? -RRB- . Nothing works , so this , although expensive , might be worth it.After reading all the negatives , I will definitely keep a close eye on him -LRB- like I do n't already ! -RRB- . I too noticed that the bottle was only half full . I did n't measure it , I just thought that 's how they ship it , and it did n't look tampered with . However , I WILL measure future bottles.My groomer says Angels Eyes is fine , but they have one client who slices thin and dries liver , and gives it daily as a treat , and that seems to work . I 'm not sure I want to go to that extreme . Since the consensus is that this is indeed an antibiotic , I will see if my vet can RX a small dosage . I 'm sure that antibiotics are n't $ $ $ . Also , it 's such a fine powder that it 's hard to mix , even ever so carefully . I would much prefer a pill . Maybe that plus liver in some form would work as well as Angels Eyes seems to ? They definitely need to lower their prices !
 This product is amazing . Within a week I noticed that our dog 's white hair was growing in White again . The dark brown saliva stain on her paws and around her mouth are growing out and the new hair is White ! She looks great!The Tylosin as a tartarate seems to be the effective product . Plus , this seller Entirely Pets was excellent . They shipped it out quickly and it arrived in about 2 days!Great Product and Great Seller!Sheri
 this worked wonderfully on my dog . He no longer has any discharge and looks great.I give it to him in yogart . I am a user for life .
 The reddish brown stains from eye fluids can completely change the appearance of a dog , making him/her look dirty and sickly . Angels ' Eyes effectively eliminates these stains , leaving your pet looking healthy and well-groomed . It takes awhile , just days , to kick in , so stick with it and you will be amazed . We have used AE with several Bichon Frisees , and currently with a Lhasa Apso . It has made a huge difference in the appearance of these dogs and it is worth every cent .
 I purchased the item because my dogs face looked disgusting . His white fur around his eyes was all red . But purchasing Angel Eyes was the best thing I ever did . After 3 weeks using it once a day it cleared everything and now he looks like a different dog . This stuff is great .
 Product does good job of keeping my dog 's eyes from excessive tearing . There is still a minimal amount of tearing - which is okay . I found that when I stopped using the product , the tearing returned . Also dog had to get used to the flavor .
 When I got my maltese he already had some tear staining . As a few months went by the stains became much worse . It made him look terrible . I tried every over the counter drop , wash , wipe , etc. that I could find and nothing worked . I also tried several things prescribed by my vet . Angel eyes works like magic . Within a few weeks the stains were completely gone . I have to sprinkle the powder on a small slice of turkey or ham and roll in up to get him to eat it . He looks forward to his treat every morning . I have followed the directions and tried to gradually take him off of it , but the stains start to come back right away . I am going to contact Angel Eyes to make sure it 's ok for him to stay on it . I highly recommend Angel Eyes !
 My daughter uses this on her malti poo , seems to really help he rout . her eyes look really well considering when i see some other dogs that are not taking it ...
 this product is very effective in my maltese dog . She no longer has red tear stains and she actually likes the taste of it .
 I have two white dogs a minature poodle and a multipoo along with buff poodle all who suffer fromdark or red tear stains around their eyes , mouth , and paws . The red staining is called `` red yeast '' there is no other product that will STOP this other than Angel Eyes . A friend of mine gave me some to try and I have been doing the same with my friends who 's animals have this problem and they have found the same results . This product works when used consistently . All others make this claim but fail to deliver . I would highly recommend this product .
 I have a 3yr party colored old Lhasa Apso who is mostly white ... and my groomer suggested getting Angel Eyes for Berkley because of the bad staining under his eyes and on his feet . I wish I had thought to take before and after pictures because this product has worked wonders ! The stains started fading within 2 weeks and were completely gone within 2 months ! And best of all ... Berkley thought I was putting treats in his food ! He loved it ! This product will be something I keep on hand from here on out .
 Having tried the kind you apply topically and findingit messy and not always effective on the problem . I was kind of hesitant to try Angel 's Eyes , but what a surprise ! IT WORKED!And my little Maltese has never looked better .
 I 've used this for a year now on my Maltese and she 's had no reaction to it , except no more tear stains . I 've tried other products in the past , but none had the great performance of this . I checked with my vet prior to use and he recommends it also . I highly recommend it .
 I want to let everyone know that Buddy is a white poodle . The drainage from his eyes stained his fur terribly . I saw angle eyes advertised and decided to try it . I never hold out much hope for product miracles but I have to say I was greatly surprised . I have been using Angel Eyes now for one year . Buddy looks so much better and I am not having try and find something that will work to remove the orange stains under his eyes . Thanks for Angel Eyes.Shirley BruhlWaverly , NE
 Super fast delivery . I 've been using this product for almost two years . It really prevents the ugly brown stains on the face of my black and white ShihTzu . Do n't hesitate to buy this product .
 I checked with the company and ALL sizes of the Angel 's Eyes are to be sealed ! If you are getting a bottle half full ... someone IS skimming ! You should file a claim under Amazon 's A-to-Z Guarantee Protection policy !
 This is the only product that I 've found to eliminate tear stains and keep my Maltese white . My vet recommended it to me and it works !
 I highly , highly recommend using this if you have a light -LRB- white , tan , beige -RRB- colored dog . My Havanese has a tendency to get this horrible brown , gunky stuff that any other product failed to get rid of . It really works ! Here is the catch - you have to be diligently committed to giving it to your dog every single day for about four -LRB- that 's right four ! -RRB- months straight and then you are supposed to taper down to just two times a week . The highish price -LRB- $ 15 for a tiny bottle - $ 30 for the big one -RRB- was not a big deterrent - God knows I wasted way more than that on other products -LRB- Diamond Eye , etc. -RRB- that did not do half as good a job and smelled pretty bad too !
 The product was just as I expected ! Thanks for the quick shipment . Will buy from you again for sure !
 Our Maltese had terrible tear stains and goopiness which bothered him too . It 's amazing how quickly Angel Eyes worked and how much his face changed . He did not like the taste tho . First I added a little canola oil or expressed fish oil capsules or even cheese . Sometimes I had to psych him out by putting it on a plate and pretending to eat it then letting him `` share . '' That was funny and a great trick if you need a fussy dog to eat ! Now he is accustomed to the taste . I can tell he feels better and he looks great . Try it !
 IVE BEEN USING THIS PRODUCT FOR OVER A YEAR NOW . WORKS GREAT ! TAKES ABOUT A MONTH TO REALLY MAKE A DIFFERENCE BUT NOW I SPRINKLE SOME ON MY PEEKAPOOS WET FOOD ABOUT TWICE A WEEK TO KEEP HER EYES FROM STAINING . IVE TRIED OTHER PRODUCTS THAT DONT REALLY WORK BUT THIS STUFFS AMAZING !
 I purchased this product in March for my daughters Maltese . This stuff really works , no more stains on his face !!! Highly recommend , just purchased a second bottle . Great product .
 I started my dog on it December 2008 . By January 2009 you could really tell a difference .
 My Bichon had weepy eyes that stained her face and had to be cleaned every morning . After using this product she no longer has this problem . She has now been on it for about two years and she looks great . The clean eyes and unstained face make her appear younger than her 10 years .
 My Coton de Tulear now has the pretty white face she was meant to have . I will Continue to buy this product .
 We have a Toy Poodle and we no longer have to wipe his tears at night . Angel Eyes does the trick .
 This product has cleared both of our dogs eyes - no more rust colored stain down their white faces . It truly is amazing . It took about a month of daily adding the angel eyes to their dinner before we saw the difference , and now their faces have no ugly staining at all .
 We use Angel Use as a supplement for our white haired Bishon Havenese , and there has never been any problem with staining around her eyes . My wife and I highly recommend this product for pet owners of similar breeds and color .
 Angel Eyes worked on my Shih Tzu.He loved the taste of the brown powder andjust licked it out of my hand.I noticed great improvement in two days.His eyes did not water or stain as much asbefore.I had to give him a lot at first , then slowlyreduce doses to maintain.My only concern is the antibiotic in theingredients.Antibiotics should never be given for such a longperiod of time or for something that only has cosmeticvalue.I rated this with 4 stars because it does what it claimsto do although rather pricey .
 Here is the funny thing about this product . My Bichon is almost 13 now and I have been using this product for about 2 years . The first thing I had noticed was his `` bad breath '' had gone away . Secondary was the eye stains . I asked my vet and he had not idea why that would be . In my opinion , I am getting two benefits in 1 jar !
 I tried everything to clear the eye stains on my 15 month old Maltese including prescriptions from my vet . I could tell the difference within a week and after a month , 90 % of the stains were gone . A scheduled grooming decreased the stains even more . I am delighted with the product and ordered a second supply to insure that I would not run out between orders .
 Angels ' Eyes really controls my Maltese 's tear stains . A little bit in her food each morning does the trick . Although it seems very expensive , this size bottle lasts for over six months .
 Excellent ! It really works ; I was very skeptical . My puppy is now on maintenance looks great .
 We have been very happy with Angel Eyes ! Our groomer recommended the product and we have been using it for almost a year now . We have a white dog and this product keeps her from getting those dark streaks down from her eyes ! It 's amazing how well it works ! Her face is so much prettier now !
 I was n't sure what to expect when i bought this product but it really worked for my maltese.All I need to do is put the correct portion in a bowl for my dog and he licks it up like there 's no tomorrow . He is so excited when he knows its time for his angel eyes !
 This is the only product that I have tried that really works and it only took a week to see a dramatic difference .
 This product is awesome !! My long-haired chihuahua , Lily has had terrible tear stains for a very long time . Her eyes were so bad that even she was constantly wiping at them with her paws . I tried everything . Wipes , liquid , you name it . I have been using Angel 's Eyes for about three months and the tear stains are almost completely gone . This is a great product and I recommend it to anyone dealing with tear stains .
 Our two dogs have been taking Angels ' Eyes for about 2 months and their little faces have completely cleared up - no more brown staining running down their muzzles from their eyes .
 I have used this product for 10 months and the change is unbelievable . My dogs ' eyes have undergone a significant change . Using this product as directed WORKS !! The price on Amazon is Un-Beatable !!
 Angels ' Eyes is an amazing product . Prior to finding this , I tried everything but absolutely nothing worked . Angels ' Eyes cleaned the stains around my dog 's eyes , paws , mouth and genital area within the first two weeks AND it even whitened her teeth and eliminated her bad breath . Seriously ! This last part was a bonus that I was not expecting . I do , however , have one problem . The product says , `` not for extended use '' but I found that after the complete program was over and I stopped using Angels ' Eyes , the tear stains started to return so , my dog will be on this for life but only 1/2 dose , twice a week as a maintenance program . I 've discovered this is all she needs now .
 In fall of 2007 , my youngest daughter Guadalupe began to cry blood . At the time , I was but a simple fisherman in the small Peruvian village of Samanco , barely able to make a decent days wage to feed my family . On the third day of lent in 2007 , my sweet Guadalupe lost her cat , Domingo and began to weep . She wept for 40 hours , that one , and when the clock struck 12 on the 40th hour , her tears turn to blood.At first we were concern for her health and we call the doctor . The doctor tell us that there is nothing he can do and that she look perfectly healthy . Afraid that perhaps she had been possessed by a demon , we called father Salamanca to make an exorcism on her . When this attempt proved fruitless , we called the national news.Before long , Guadalupe was famous in all corners of Peru . Convinced it was a miracle of God , the people in my village queued up for hours just to touch my little girl 's hand . We sold small vials of her red tears to the Peruvian people for 20 Sol each . We became wealthy beyond our wildest dreams and I bought a a yacht , which I named ` el barco de las l&aacute;grimas ' . Guadalupe 's fame , like all great things , came to an abrupt end when news of a little boy in the neighboring village of Vesique burn his hand on a George Foreman Grill , producing 2nd degree burns and a scar which closely resembled Saint Hubbins , the patron saint of quality footwear . As quickly as the villagers come to my door , they were off to buy pieces of little Raul 's scab . My family 's fame dried up , but Guadalupe 's red tears did not.Searching for a way to end my daughters torment as the girl with blood on her face , I read about Angels ' Eyes Tear-Stain Eliminator drops and decide that they were for us . I went to my local pet shop and brought them home . While I am aware that these drops are intended for use on dogs , considering that not long ago most of our dogs had eaten better meals than we had , I saw no harm in ` off-label ' use.For now , life has returned to normal . My boat was repossessed , and I was forced to return to fishing , but my daughter has never been happier . While my family no longer lives a life of luxury , I have taken satisfaction in watching Raul 's place in the Peruvian people 's heart usurped by Maria from Puerto Santa who was blessed with a mole which looks like John the Baptist.Thank You Angels ' Eyes Tear-Stain Eliminator !!
 We purchased Angel Eyes because my sister said that it corrected the dark eye stain on her Bishon . I have an apricot-colored Cockapoo and her eyes are constantly running with black/brown ooze . I purchased the small bottle because I was skeptical of the results . I have to admit , her staining has dramatically been reduced - not gone , but much better . I 'm now ordering the large bottle . Our vet told us not to waste our $ on this , and told us the only way to get rid of it was Benedryl . Well , 3 months of Benedryl and no change . One week of Angel Eyes , and dramatic improvement . Hope this helps .
 I received this product in a timely manner and for a great price . I have paid more than double the price in a pet store.I have used Angels Eyes before and have tried all three flavors.It is the only thing that I have found to work . -LRB- Tried many other alternatives -RRB- . I wish my dog liked the taste better . She will let her food sit there for a long time before she will eat it because it does not taste good to her , but it is the only thing that works.Now that the tear stains are gone , I put it in her food every 2 or 3 days . Thanks for a product that works.Sandy in Seattle WA
 This is an amazing product . Just a sprinkle on their food three times a week is all it takes . Never any tear staining . My maltese has a beautiful snow white face without any of the rust or red staining that plaque some breeds .
 This stuff is great . I have a Maltese and people ask me how I keep his eyes so clean and I tell them angel eyes . It really is a God send . Best stuff on the market and my dog loves the taste over his food .
 I was not convinced that this product would reduce the brown stain on our white dogs face but it really works . I will buy it again and again .
 I have a white miniature poodle that had horrible brown tear stains . I tried the washes and wipes , but they did n't work . With Angel Eyes she is completely stain free . We started with everyday and now do 3 days per week and that keeps the stains under control
 The Angel Eyes product works great ! I have always used the chicken flavor and felt my dog needed variety and tried the Sweet Potato flavor on the recommendation of my In-Laws . My dog does not love it . She will eat it but much prefers the chicken flavor .
 I have a 10 years old Shih-tzu , it 's been healthy and happy baby no major on health problems but then out of blue , my poor baby suffering an eye problems . I 've used most of eye products over the counters and took her to dog veterinary clinic but not getting any better , etc. . Yes ! you heard me right . I took her to dog veterinary clinic near from my apt.Anyway a long story short , I 've bought other eye products that on Amazon too but did not worked at all until this time that i 've given to me and my dog last chance ! just felt so tired of buying buying and nothing worked :--LRB- Gave her only once and noticeably clear next day ! Thank you for all reviewers because I decided to buy after reading the reviews :--RRB- Thanks to Angels ` Eyes Tear Stain Eliminator , Co.Truly it gave me peace of my and my baby minds ~ ah ~ no more worries :--RRB- -RRB- -RRB- -RRB- Hope this helps ...
 Our dog is a bishon , poodle mix and always had the dark stains near her eyes . No matter how often she is washed the stains were still there until someone recommended Angel Eyes . What a blessing ... since she is all white and soo sweet , she truly looks like a little Angel . Product arrived very quickly . This flavor of Supplement is sweet potato ... she takes it in her food , but REALLY prefers the Chicken flavor which I couldn `` t find . thank you . . . Amazon came thru again !!
 I have used this product on my maltese/shitzu mix for about 3 years or so now . I 've heard that it has an antibiotic in it and that some people do n't like using it on their dogs . My dog has not had any bad side effects from it , to my knowledge . When I first started giving this to her , I did the prescribed amount ... when it cleared up her tear stains , I started giving it to her only once or twice a week to maintain it . I think it works great ! I highly recommend it !
 It works very well with my dog.The only problem is that if you stop to use it , the problem get back .
 I have a White Maltese -LRB- and yes , there are Maltese that are n't white -RRB- . My little guy gets tear stains and stains on his paws from licking . I tried many cleaning products till it got to the point where the poor guy would run the minute I got near his face . I was hesitant to use any internal product but after reading and researching the ingredient list , I tried this product . I was amazed . The effect is gradual , took about 2 months in the beginning to have total absence of stains . Product prevents new stains , but is not a cleaner , so hair with old stains has to be removed -LRB- good time for a `` puppy cut '' at groomers -RRB- . After a few months , I was less concerned with measuring and now just sprinkle a small amount over his kibble every day for maintenance . Although product seems costly , 120 gram bottle goes a long way and it works so well that it is TOTALLY worth every penny . It has been my experience that Amazons ' price is the lowest .
 We have a 6 year old Maltese and a 1 year old Maltese . This product has kept our older dog 's under eyes sparkling white since he was a puppy . We also use it for the 1 year old female . Just mix it into their food and it really does the trick . Our first dog is completely tear free ... no brown under the eyes at all . The product works for the younger of our little angels but she does get a bit of brown even with it sometimes . I ca n't imagine how brown it would be under her eyes if we were n't using Angel Eyes ! It comes in 3 flavors , but our pups like the chicken one best .
 This product works wonders for my all white Shih Tzu , however there are a couple of points that help to use it more effectively .1 ... remember that this works from inside preventing and cleaning tears , but it is NOT A STAIN REMOVER and will not do anything for the fur around the eyes that are already stained . . so you need to use a separate stain remover to quicken the process up .2 ... If you find that it stops working , its because you may have used it for too long or your dog has digestive problems . THIS PRODUCT WO N'T WORK IF YOUR DOG HAS DIGESTIVE PROBLEMS ! You will need to stop using the product for a couple of weeks or so , and give your dog probiotics . This will give the dogs body a break and regulate the digestive system . . when you restart using Angel eyes , it will work great once again!HIGHLY RECOMMENDED AND A GREAT PRODUCT !! THE ONLY THING THAT WORKS FOR ME !
 I raise Bichons . We try to breed dogs that have minimal tearing problems -LRB- though it 's genetic as they come from the Maltese breed -RRB- . I had a problem with tearing this past summer and so I finally tried Angel Eyes after hearing about it for years . It works . Now that they are on the maintenance plan , I do n't give the dogs the full recommended amount daily -- I just sprinkle about a 1/2 teaspoon in their high-quality food and add warm , filtered water . It does the trick . Purchase the large container -- it 's the best deal . I 've searched all over the internet and Amazon has the best price .
 We 've been using this product for 2 years now on an Apricot Mini-Poodle . It just gets sprinkled on his food for dinner . When he was a puppy the eye stains were terrible , but after using this product the stains disappeared and have stayed gone . I definitely recommend this product for removing and preventing eye stains .
 I 've been using this product for about a year , and the results are amazing . My Maltese had terrible tear stains , and nothing worked to alleviate it . After just a few weeks , she had NO MORE tear stains . People have said to me , `` So THAT 'S what a Maltese is supposed to look like ! '' At first , she did n't want to eat her food with the Angel Eyes sprinkled on it , now , I ca n't get her to eat without it ! We 're hooked , and my precious pup looks beautiful !
 My toy poodle -LRB- cream colored -RRB- has always had red stains around her eyes . I tried EVERYTHING . It only took a week for the tearing and staining to stop . She is the beautiful dog she should be now . My friend recommended this . I was skeptical - but OMG I am so happy I listend . You should too .
 I 'm always very skeptical about such claims ... but this stuff really works ... follow the directions and within the time stated ... problem is solved .
 Angel Eyes is very effective in preventing tear stain on our dog . We 've used several bottles over the last two years and it virtually eliminates the stain . The best thing about this purchase from Amazon is that I paid only $ 34.80 for a 120g size that I had been paying over $ 50 for from another website . Thank you Amazon !
 As far as working , it 's the best thing I 've seen yet . Apparently people are using this product on a long term basis . The product was intended to prep for shows and ocassional use . Using this product long term can cause serious illness and damage your pet 's internal organs . Read the label . Be careful !
 Even better than I was hoping for !! And our dogs like it !! It even helped our Yorkie with the daker hair . Give it a try , its one of the few things that really does what it says it will do .
 I have a white poodle that needed Angel Eyes for the staining under his eyes . What a difference - it really works ! We have used it for a little over a year now and my only problem with Angel Eyes has been ... how to get him to take it ? So I started putting Angel Eyes in a minimum amount of can dog food , but eventually nothing worked . The staining under his eyes came back with a vengeance - probably because we we 're not use to seeing him like that . Couple of months ago , I got the brainy idea of getting a capsule filler -LRB- from Amazon of course -RRB- and of putting Angel Eyes in a blank capsule -LRB- I choose size 0 -RRB- a couple of times a day I put 1 in a Pill Pocket . It works - finally ! I give them to him every day because of the dosage but we are now down to 2 capsules a day .
 Bought this product and it worked like magic . My doggie loves the beef ! Her eyes cleared up in days . Buying from Amazon is the best value ... I found it on Pet Food something or other and it was $ 31 more ! And they would n't price match !!
 This produst really works . It took only 5-7 days before we noticed a difference in our dog 's eye stains . I did just what the jar said .
 I 've been giving my bichon Angel Eyes for over a year and have been very happy with the results . It has really helped clear the stain around her eyes and if I could get into the habit of cleaning around her eyes on a regular basis she would be absolutely stain-free .
 Angel Eyes is a miracle product . I have been giving it to my dog for four months . My dog tears a lot and the matting and bad smell were driving me crazy . A friend recommended Angel Eyes - Now my dog has a clean face , no staining , matting or bad odor . This product really works !
 Item was listed correctly . Received as new and in great condition . Fast shipping . Thanks .
 I have 2 Malshi puppies and around the time they turned 9 months old , they started to develop the rusty/red streaks from their eyes . This product was recomended to me and after using it for about 4 to 5 weeks , my pups eye areas are all cleared up ! I still use it 2 times per week as a maintenance . They also like the flavor it adds to their food .
 Incredible product . My dogs have serious problems with tear stains , at times resulting in eye infections . Angel Eyes has not only completely eliminated the stains , but their eyes are bright and shiny.Angels ' Eyes Tear-Stain Eliminator for Dogs , 120-Gram Bottle
 This product really works . My dog had very bad tear stains . The stains we not just around his eyes , but also on his beard . I use angle eyes and also switched to giving my dog purified water . The combination really helped . He still has a small amount of staining , but it 's so much better than before . I recommend this product to anyone who is trying to get rid of their dogs unsightly tear stains .
 I have a Shih Tzu who is prone to pink tear stains and required daily cleaning . With Angel Eyes , this is no longer a problem . We just mix it with a little of his canned food and , Voila , no more stains .
 My two little Maltese/Shitzu mix puppies have a tendency to get very dark tear stains , so I came across this and thought it worth a try . One of the pups absolutely wanted no part of the taste of this , until I finally hit on a way to get him to eat it . I mix his into some slightly warm beef broth , and then pour it on his food . Wonder of wonders , he eats it that way ! Both puppies ' tear stains have completely cleared up , and they have not had any ill effects from the treatment . They look so much cuter now . It works fairly quickly , as well . I am pleased with the product , but find it somewhat expensive . I will buy it again , though , if all continues to go well with this first bottle .
 Angel Eyes is a miracle ! It just takes awhile to work and for the tear stains to grow out . I have been happy with this product and encourage anyone with a dog that has this tear stain problem to try it .
 This product totally works !! Within 2 weeks , my little white terrier 's tear stains were gone . And , no problem getting him to take it . Just mixed a little water with the powder & stirred into his food.Highly recommend
 Awesome product . Really works . Not an overnight solution , but if your want to permanently get rid of tear stains for good this is the ONLY route the I would go . Awesome price
 This product is great my puppy is having less tears stains everyday . I can see this product really works and there 's no side affects at all . I highly recommend it .
 I bought this hoping it would work . After the first week there was a noticable difference . Now a month later , my big dogs face is white . He has a very big head , so there were very large stains , and they are absolutely gone . What a great product .
 One of the times I orders Angels ' Eyes it became lost in the mail . After contacting Amazon it was shipped over-night as promised at no charge to me . I was impressed with the quick follow-up . This is the only product I have found that helps eliminate the eye weeping that some dogs have .
 This product works as advertised . The product is in powder form and is sprinkled over your dogs food for consumption . This is done daily for one month and then decreased according to manufacturers recommendations . I have been using it for one month now and have seen no more stains from my dog 's eyes . My dog is a Spaniel mix .
 Angel Eyes has drastically improved the tearing and the knots that were in my schnauzers eyes that would literally have to be cut out around his eyes . It does take a few weeks to notice a difference , but once their on it and you start noticing , I only have to use it every other day for maintenance . Dogs like the chicken flavor better than the beef .
 Our poor little snoodle had such sore looking eyes and the hair around the eyes turned redish and would n't wash off . We were told about Angel Eyes and it cleared it up in a couple of weeks on the Angel Eyes . She looks so much better and I think she feels better too . We mixed in with her food in the morning and she ate it right up . Glad to have a happy puppy back again . She is the love of our lives.Thanks Amazon.com for handling this product for sale . Good prices too !! Dennis and Donna
 Night and day difference when I use this on my baby 's dog food . The fur around her eyes is amazing , plus she loves the taste and does her little happy dance when I pick up the bottle !
 Angels Eyes gets rid of those nasty tear stains for good . I used it for 2 years and then stopped -LRB- my little guy did n't like the beef flavor so he did n't eat it -RRB- . The stain returned , I got some original flavor and now he is on his way to being white again.Great stuff ... well worth the price .
 I purchased this product because my dear friend who also has a Maltese/Shih Tzu uses this product for the dark tear stains on her Ralf . I am very grateful for the reference from my dear friend and for this product . I 've seen a difference in Tao eyes already !
 I have a white maltese that had the brown tear stain . The vet and groomer recommended Angel Eyes . It takes just a few weeks before you see a improvement . Now her face is white and no tear stain .
 My dog loves this and looks great . We have a white mini poodle mix . We give her this at night in her food , she loves it and she no longer looks like she is wearing a `` breath right nasal strip '' in red . We also put a few drops of apple cider vinager in her water to keep her PH levels good . She looks so wonderful since we started this .
 I have tried all kinds of things
 I 've used Angel Eyes on my Bichon and it removed his tear stains and whitened his beard back to what he looked like when he was a puppy .
 I tried everything except surgery which might not work too . The vet said he would need to unclog his tear ducts . I tried everything on the internet that was cheaper than angel eyes and NOTHING worked . Finally I tried Angel Eyes . It was more costly so I saved it for last . It worked !! It took a long time though . Almost a month . I mix it with a little food because he eats dry food and live with another dog . He loves the taste so no problem there . No negative symptoms either . I give it to him now every 3 days and it saves me money and keeps his eyes clean . He was always so sickly looking with long dark drainage from his eyes . Now he looks much happier .
 Oh my gosh , this stuff is AMAZING !!!!! I honestly was a little bit worried that it would n't work but IT DOES !!!! My little 4 pound puppy 's eyes were so rusty lookin ' and I started sprinkling Angel 's eyes on her food every morning and within a few weeks we started noticing the difference , no more red/rusty spots under her eyes !!!
 I have been using this product for years . I have three white dogs and would not want to live without it . It is so simple to use , just put on food and they eat it up . Great Product !!
 I am extremely pleased with this product . My dog 's tear stains cleared up quickly . It did n't take long for him to `` warm up '' to having the powder sprinkled over his dry food ... thank goodness ! I would definitely recommend this product .
 Finally a product that really does what it says ! I have a Bichon Frise who are known to have weepy eyes . When they are pups , it turns the fur around the eyes brownish/black . As they get older , it turns reddish . I would clean her eyes daily ... sometimes more than once a day ... to no avail . Vet discouraged using any type of eye drops , but he does advocate Angel Eyes . It really works ! I now use it on our Pom Mix puppy . I just sprinkle on food every other day & their eyes are clear & beautiful ... so is the fur around their muzzle . I would recommend this product over & over . Do buy it on Amazon.com as it is the cheapest place .
 Within a couple weeks , my small dog 's eyes were looking better -- no more stain ! This product really works !
 Angel Eyes is available in various sizes at v arious prices . Amazon provided the larger size at an affordable cost . Angel eyes is a very good product for a dog with a light coat to prevent dark patches around eyes .
 This works !!! My maltese had very bad under eye staining . He would try to bite at my hand when I tried to `` cut '' the stains out . Within 1 week , I saw improvement . It has been 3 weeks and they are completely gone !!! One tip
 I doubted it , but this stuff does seem to work to greatly reduce the amount of gunk from our Cockapoo 's eyes and beard .
 I have a Lhaso and she is white but had the red stains from her eyes and chin and it just looked awful . I have been using Angel Eyes for over a month now and can not believe the difference . The red is gone and she is beautiful and completely white now and people have noticed the difference.Joan from NJ
 I have a white English Bulldog who had huge dark stains under her eyes . I read about his stuff on line and I found a local store that carried it . I figured it could n't hurt to try . It was amazed that it worked so well . Both her eyes are clean looking now . from what I remember it took about 3 weeks before I noticed a different . All you have to do is sprinkle it on there food . My dog did n't even notice the stuff on her food . I highly recommend this if your dog has stains under there eyes .
 I have tried nearly everything else they sell and nothing worked . Angel Eyes really works . My beautiful dog now has beautiful eyes too . No more tear stains . The price through Amazon can not be beat . I am very happy with this purchase .
 Angel eyes so far has been lightening those ugly tear stains for my pup . the only thing is she does n't seem crazy about the taste or smell of the powder and she eats only dry food so it 's harder to mask . She will eventually eat it but I wish they had a flavored sauce with the product that you could add easier to dry food .
 I read all other reviews and tried out this product with a hopeful approach . Some dogs do not tolerate this well and my dog has a sensitive stomach . I am glad to report that Angel Eyes really does work . After 3 weeks , her eye stains are 90 % gone .
 This product was recommended to me by my vet and works almost immediately . After about 2 meals with angel eyes her tears stains are noticeably lighter and almost gone . Remember to keep up with it though . It only works while the dog is still eating it .
 This is a wonderful product . My Yorkie always had brown tear stains around her eyes . This has cleared up after only 2 weeks of use of the Angel Eyes product . I would recommend this product for anyone who has the same problem with their dog .
 I was suprised at the quick results when using Angels Eyes . It took my Chinese Crested a few days to get used to the new taste added to his food , but the results were worth it . There 's a significant decrease in staining , though there 's still some . I should have bought a bigger bottle !
 This is the greatest , easiest stuff for red , messy eyes on your pooch ! I have 2 malteses , and nothing else has eliminated the grossness . My vet told me about it and I have recommended this to all my friends and my groomer !
 After 2 plus months of using Angel Eyes on my Cavachon puppy , it finally appears to be working . I think the key to this product is diligence . It appeared initially that she did n't like the taste and now is accustomed to it . She had a good amount of tearing ... and now at 6 months , although not completely eliminated , it is significantly less . I will continue purchasing and using this product according to directions .
 We rescued a little white poodle-mix from the pound . He was a mess and had purple staining around his eyes and mouth . I have never experienced all that goes along with a poodle and thought proper care would help . Not so ! Within a week and a half of starting this product , his eyes were clear . -LRB- of course the already stained fur needed to be trimmed -RRB- It keeps working even if you skip doses once in awhile . Now `` Reggie Roo '' looks like the angel he really is !
 I got the product and started using it . It 's working really well . My dog 's eyes look so much better already . I will continue to buy it for her.She loves having it mixed in with her food .
 I used this on my blond and white long haired chihuahua and got results . I then discontinued it while she was pregnant . Later she and the pups developed the stains again . Within a few days of adding it to their food , I began to see lightening around the eyes . I 'll continue to use it from now on .
 Wonderful and safe product ! Have been using for 3 weeks and am amazed at how Angel 's Eyes has worked . Checked with our vet who says it is very safe . A must for every maltese owner !
 This product does everything it advertises . Within a six week period my maltese was completely free of eye stains .
 This stuff does exactly what it says . We 've been using it for three weeks and our maltipoo 's face is now 90 % tear stain free.Caspian did not like Angels ' Eyes sprinkled on his dog food , and refused to eat it . However , being the dominant species , we came up with a solution . We now mix it with a tiny glob of peanut butter -LRB- canned dog food would also work -RRB- and it is his favorite morning treat.Thank you , Angels ' Eyes !!!
 I use Angel Eyes Tear Stain Eliminator to keep the eyes of our Maltese white . It works very well and the dogs like the flavor .
 I ordered this product back in January 2008 for my 6-year-old Shih Tzu after seeing all the good reviews . We have tried everything from taking my dog to the vet , topical treatments , and allergy medicine . After some research , I finally came across Angel Eyes . I was a little skeptical to believe this would work yet it really did . At first he would n't eat it so I had to mix peanut butter or a good treat with the powder . I remember he threw up twice so I reduced the recommended dose to about half . The recommendation was a little too much for my dog so a little less each day was just as effective . It took about a month before the red areas on his fur started lightening . After a few months , the area around his eyes and mouth was completely stain-free and the foul smell also disappeared . The existing stains needed to be trimmed off . It has been a year after and the red stains have not reappeared . I only used about half of this bottle . Although pricey , I believe this is an excellent product that will definitely work .
 This product is wonderful ! A must have for anyone with a white dog . This product did n't take long to start working , not only did the stains around his eyes clear up , his eyes actually appear brighter as well . Would recommend this product without a doubt !!
 This product works . My mom has 3 Maltese and we have one . We 've been using it for about 3 years and it definitely keeps their eyes from staining ! Our little female is 3 years old and still looks like a puppy . Their eyes still weep but their fur is not discolored and gross looking.One small thing that makes me grumpy is that they did not include a measuring scoop in the latest container we ordered . Not a big deal , just annoying .
 We have a Bichon whose eyes were stained very brown along with his mouth and paws . We were skeptical of this product but asked our vet and he recommended it . It is a miracle product ! After 2 - 3 weeks almost all of the brown stains disappeared , and not just around his eyes but his mouth and paws too ! The first couple of times we gave it to him , he did not want to eat his food . We found that if we layered the powder in between his dry food rather than sprinkling it on top he would eat it . I WOULD HIGHLY RECOMMEND ANGEL EYES , it is expensive , but it goes further than it appears to and we found it works very well !
 Our Bichon looked sad and sickly with ugly brown streaks down his otherwise happy face . We tried changing food , water , cleansers and even antibiotics . While searching the web for another option , we found Angel Eyes . We bought a relatively small bottle to try for 6o days . Now we buy the extra large economy size . It works . It wo n't potty train toddlers or remove my wrinkles or body fat . It only does exactly what it claims . It gets rid of eye stain on my little white dog . We backed off the dose until eye stains returned then increased it to the smallest dosage that worked . It 's not rocket science , it 's just a good product that delivers what it promises.Angels ' Eyes Tear-Stain Eliminator for Dogs , 240 Gram Bottle
 This product is fabulous . My Maltese had terrible red yeast staining and this product worked great !!! He looks white and beautiful again .
 I waited to try this on my dog because of some contraversy about long term health concerns , but it is THE ONLY THING THAT WORKS to stop the tear/saliva staining .
 I used this product for my 2 dogs and I was able to see a difference in just a couple of days . It works great . No more yucky stains around their little eyes .
 WE LOVE IS PRODUCT AND MY DOGS LOVE IT TO ! I WORKS PRETTY FAST AND WORKS BETTER THEN OTHER PRODUCTS .
 I have used this product for my maltese to help with the stains from his eyes for years and IT WORKS ! I would recommend to anyone and everyone !
 I have been using it for years and it works on my Rocko . I ca n't believe I have to write 7 more words or it wo n't let me submit this review .
 we llike it because it works , Our vet recommended it as he had seen results on other dogs . We 'd recommend it to all dog owners and have already done so .
 Clean and nice fit . Better than eBay . Better than waiting in line at a brick and mortar store then paying wayyy too much for the same item . Besides the local stores did n't stock then and took too long to order . Just what I needed .
 My Boston Terrior has a half white face and she has always had really bad , dark brown tears matted in the white fur under her eye . She 's also had problems with brown fur stains around her mouth from drool . I heard about Angels Eyes and gave it a try . Within a few weeks , all of her white fur was super pearly white and even the black fur around her other eye was a pure black and not a murky , brownish-black from the tears . She was n't even producing any excess tears anymore , no matter the color.Dogs that produce so many tears -LRB- and goopy , discolored tears at that -RRB- do so because their tear ducts are inflamed and perhaps a little clogged , sometimes even infected . So the tear ducts work twice as hard , thinking the eye is n't getting enough moisture . But , since the ducts are n't exactly working up to par , these tears are brown and goopy . Not to mention they 're now being produced in excess . Angels Eyes is a mild antibiotic that treats this infection and inflammation , causing the ducts to clear up , which , in turn , causes the ducts to realize they 're now producing a sufficient amount of tears . And because there 's no more infection , the tears return to their healthy , clear color.One con about any antibiotic , however , is this
 My mother in law bought this stain eliminator for dogs . She is very happy with the product and uses it often
 Heard great things from friends . From what I 've learned it takes about 3 weeks to see results . I do n't give my Maltese the full dose each day ... only 1/2 but I 've heard that this amount will still produce results . I mix it into her food and she seems to like the taste -LRB- she has beef flavor -RRB- . Alexis has stained eyes , mouth , and paws from her saliva . Im changing her diet as well . I 'll update again in 3 weeks !
 I was hesitant to buy this since it is clearly marketed to long-haired dogs . I was also hesitant because the stains that were on my dog 's face would NOT come off ... so while I thought this product might prevent future stains , I was n't sure if it would remove the CURRENT stains . It pulled through for us and Barbara 's beautiful white face is ALL white !! It did remove the stains she had on her face and it continues to keep her face looking clean . It took a week or two to see a difference , and now we do n't use it religiously but rather every other day , a teaspoon or so . LOVE this stuff . Babs is beautiful again . : -RRB-
 Angel eyes has really helped our dogs with the black stains on the eyes . They both seem to love the taste and have done well with it .
 I have been using this product for about a month on my 2-ShiPoo 's -LRB- 17-months old -RRB- . It is working great . I notice less drainage and staining . I do keep them separated for feeding , just to make sure they each get the correct dose of one teaspoon . I have n't noticed any side effects and they do n't mind the taste . I am so happy to have something that works !!! : -RRB-
 This product works like a charm . I wish I could submit before and after pictures of my white poodle mix . He has no stains . He would n't eat the product on his dog food , but I mixed it into yogurt and he licks the bowl clean .
 We have used Angel Eyes for the past year . When we started our Golden Retriever had dark brown stains running down from each eye . In a short time we were able to reduce usage to every other day . The lines have completely disappeared .
 My beautiful tri-coloured Shih Tzu is totally stain free around his eyes and paws . He is so gorgeous , all because of ANGELS ' EYES . Thank you
 I bought this product for my Maltippo puppy ... she is white and had terrible tear stains . It took a few weeks , but slowly began to clear up the staining and now , 3 months later , she is tear stain free . I would recommend this product to anyone who has a dog with tear stains . This does not replace the fact you still need to clean your dog 's eyes , but it really does help clear up the stains .
 FAST DELIVERY !!! GREAT PRODUCT , HOWEVER , MY DOGS DO N'T LIKE THE SMELL OF IT BUT EVENTUALLY EAT THEIR FOOD .
 We saw beginning results in 2 weeks on a 1 year old maltese . Now after 6 , when the longer stained hair has been trimmed , he is really looking great . And he loves it , licks the bowl . It seemed expensive , but clearing up that face -LRB- and knees that he used to try to groom himself -RRB- is really worth it .
 My dog is a Maltipooh who has been on the Angel 's Eyes product for almost a year . His eyes do not tear anymore and no more brown gooeey mess to wash off . I 'm really happy we found this product.Thanks , Ruth Uhrig , doggie mom
 My white malti-poo has had the dark stains streaming from his eyes since he was a puppy . We tried other products that you put on the area with no luck . We have used Angel Eyes for about a month now and the streams are lightening . We still have months to go until we see good results but by all indications it appears that this will remove the stains . I have to mix the powder with butter and make truffles for him since he 's not fond of the liver flavor of the powder .
 I 've tried over 5 other topical products including Eye Envy for tear stains on my two Maltese dogs and nothing worked , except for Angels Eyes . I was a complete skeptic , but noticed a huge difference in my friend 's dog after using Angels Eyes for only one month . After two months of daily use my dogs both have no tear stains . Their faces are still slightly peach from old staining , but the new growth is white ! In addition , my female Maltese always licked her feet and had pink feet -LRB- so cute -RRB- , but her feet are now completely white . My dogs no longer have goop around their eyes , although my male still has clear tears and moist fur around his eyes . My dogs hate the taste so I have to mix it with some moist food . I do n't add it to their food or water because they wo n't eat or drink then . I give them each a little spoon of wet dog food with the powder mixed in as a daily treat . I give them each a little less than 1/8 tsp . daily and they weigh 5.5 and 6.5 lbs . This is less than half the daily recommendation , but it still works . I would recommend purchasing the 120g bottle , because I used the 30g bottle in less than a month . Why not treat the problem internally , versus trying to cover it up with topical treatments ? It also saves me so much time because I do n't have to clean their eyes daily anymore . Great product !
 We have white toy poodles and other light colored toy poodles . This product eliminates unsightly tearing for our light colored poodles . It is my understanding that this is tylan pwder , which might be cheaper to purchase as such without the brand name . This just comes in an appropriately small quantity for us . You do n't have to use much at all.Gunner September 2007
 I 've been using this product for about 1 month and simply put the product REALLY works ! No iffs ands or butts about it.I do n't even use it at the full strength recommended either . I use about 50-60 of the recommended amount.My one recommendation to anyone looking to use this is product is not mix this into the pets water either -LRB- as the bottle recommends -RRB- . My reason why is that the product will simply float in the water -LRB- even if you put it in the bowl and then add the water -RRB- . Then if your pet does n't drink all of their water the product becomes wasted . Instead I take a Tablespoon of wet dog food -LRB- my dog is on 100 % dry food so this now becomes a treat for him -RRB- and mix the product in with that instead with a spoon . My dog eats it all up in a matter of seconds and gets all of the product also.My dog still tears daily , but now the color is clear instead of red . My friends and family have also notices the difference too.Lastly , I have noticed that once I skipped more than 2 days -LRB- if I forgot to give it too him -RRB- at this point in time the red stains started to come back . So I recommend that you do n't miss more than one day until the bottle recommends that you move to a new feeding schedule , else you too will probably see this too.Again , I highly recommend this item .
 I could n't believe it when I first came across this product . It seems like it 's not possible at all . I have 2 Lhasa Apso adults and a pup . I first bought a small bottle as trial . It worked and now I bought 2 big bottles . I live in the Philippines and I had to ask my husband to ship this product to me.My babies eyes are now clear and there 's no more stains . Highly recommended .
 I have a young Golden Retreiver with tear stains on his face . I was hopefull after reading so many good reviews . . It took nearly 2 months but his stains are totally gone ! even better it has helped with the eye leaking ! He is n't to crazy about the taste , but with a little wet food mixed in with dry it goes right down . Now he 's a handsome little guy!Thanks Angle eyes !!!
 When I first purchased Angel Eyes Tear Stain Remover , my dog would NOT eat his food when I put the pruduct on it . The taste was bitter and awful -LRB- yes , I placed a dab on my finger . . `` yuk '' . However I was determined to rid my beautiful white Bichon Shih Tzu Mix of the awful , stinky tears , so I came up with a brillant idea . I bought some empty gel caps on Amazon and a little capsule filler devise for under $ 10 and I fill the gel caps w / Angel Eyes and put two a day in a little piece of cheese or lunch meat and he gobbles them right down . His eyes are BEAUTIFUL and I have never seen any bad side effects . He has NO TEAR STAINS whatsoever . Just a suggestion folks ! Why this product is not available in capsules is beyond me . Just feed it to your dog before a meal . I apolpgize for my first feedback comment I left re
 Angel Eyes is working wonders for my Bichon 's eyes and mouth area . He is white again ! Beautiful !
 We own 2 shih tzu 's . Our male , Cody is constantly licking his legs and paws . His face , along with his legs and paws were totally discolored -LRB- kind of a rusty orange . Cody is buff and white in color . He never looked clean . After a couple months of using Angels Eyes I could see nice clean color from the roots . Now a few monthe later Cody is beautiful ! NO discoloration at all . It is fantastic . And not really as expensive at it seems , as it lasts a long time . I highly recommend this product .
 This works great . I dont have to clean my maltese 's face nearly as much as I used to . When I take pictures of him I am no longer distracted by ugly tear stains . The only drawback is getting him to eat it . I have to mix it in wet food and feed him separately from my havanese .
 OUR T-CUP MALTESE IS WHITE , AND IT MADE ME CRAZY THAT HIS EYES WERE BROWN DOWN TO HIS CHIN . A STRANGER TURNED ME ON TO THIS PRODUCT , AND I 'VE BEEN USING NOW FOR THREE YEARS . THE HAIRS AROUND HIS EYES ARE ALWAYS WHITE , AND I FEEL GOOD ABOUT THAT ! IT 'S SO EASY TO USE ~ JUST SPRINKLE A BIT ON TOP OF THEIR FOOD . THEY LOVE IT .
 I have 2 small dogs . Their eyes were always running , the Angels ' Eyes does do exactly what it says it will . Keeps their eyes clean and from running . Great Product .
 I was told by several people who use this product that it really works . I have a Pomeranian with mild staining and this product cleared it up in two weeks and is keeping it clear . I highly recommend Angels Eyes to anyone whose dog has staining due to tearing of its eyes .
 I started using the Sweet Potato flavor Angel 's Eyes on my 6 year old mini Schnauzer , after checking with my vet . He said it would n't hurt her . Her fur was stained below her right eye and around her mouth . After a month of use , the results were obvious and now , 6 months later , she looks beautiful . I will also add that I give her only 1/4 tsp . per day mixed with some wet food in with her usual dry food . The label recommends 1 tsp . per day , but that is for dogs 15 pounds and up . I thought she would not need so much as a Giant Schnauzer would and I was right . I recommend this product enthusiastically . I wish I had found it years ago !
 This is the second bottle of Angle Eyes that I have purchased for my 2 1/1 year old Lassa . She had a chronic `` red '' paw and red rimmed eyes that marred her otherwise pure white coat . About 1/3 of the way through the first bottle of Angle Eyes her paw and eyes turned back to white . She also had less `` gunk '' coming from her eyes , now . She loves the taste ! I plan to use Angle Eyes as directed on the bottle for her entire life .
 I have four Maltese and am alway 's looking for a safe way to deal with tear stains . Angel Eye 's is a wonderful product that works extremely well . I mix it with a small spoon full of canned holistic dog food and my maltese love it . It has even helped with one of them having allergies .
 I hesitated on buying this product before because of the price . However , after trying other products , I decided to try this . It is working . The hair around my Bichon Frise 's eyes is not being stained by her tears . I 'm clipping away the already stained hairs and her face is starting to glow . The product will last for awhile because there 's a lot of powder in the container and I only have to sprinkle a little bit on her food daily .
 My dog had the worst tear stains . His entire face was brown . The hair on his muzzle was coated with brown stains . After about two weeks of use , I saw that the product started working . I 've used one bottle on him , lasted me about three months , and now he has barely any brown left . Maybe one streak on each side of his face . He looks great ! It was easy to use . I just mixed it in with a spoonful of soft food every day and he would eat it up . I would recommend this to everyone .
 I have a small Foxy-Poo dog with a white face , the tear stains were really nasty and brown and ruined her looks . I tried many other tear stain removers and none of them worked , but Angle Eyes worked big time it was amazing . You could see it working in only a week . Its expensive but worth every penny .
 It 's important to remember that this is an antibiotic and follow cautions for taking antibiotics
 My maltese will only eat the sweet potato flavor . Also , beware that there are two kinds of angel eyes . Both are good . This one as this is the ` tear stain remover ' which contains the tylosin which is stronger than the ` natural ' tear stain remover which does not contain the tylosin . I did used the ` natural ' and it worked very well but then I started to notice that he was getting the red yeast stains so I switched to AngelEyes ` tear stain remover ' which contains the tylosin and it cleared it up in a couple of weeks . So now I am using this particular one . It does n't say the word ` natural ' on the bottle . That is how you can tell the difference .
 I absolutely love this product . I tried many product and have not had the results we get with this product . I have a white poodle and we get ask all the time why she does n't have the red staining . We soak a little of her dry food with water and then mix in angel eyes .
 Our Bichon 's eyes were constantly running and his entire face was tear stained . We were hesitant to try Angels ' Eyes but after the first few weeks , the results were astounding.The stains have disappeared .
 Angel eyes is amazing ! I never knew you could fix your dogs eyes like this . Our Maltese has been on it for a little while now and all of the new hair coming in is white , we are just waiting for the stained hair to grow out and he will look beautiful again . Thank you Angel Eyes
 Angel Eyes really worked to eliminate the tear stains on my teacup poodle . Prior to using Angel Eyes , he had dark red stains all under his eyes . We started using Angel Eyes about a week before his haircut and could almost immediately tell that there was no new staining . The groomer trimmed away the stained fur and now , two weeks after his haircut , there is still not a trace of red stain . He looks so much better !
 i feed my white persian kitten dry food all the time . so when i bought this product i started feeding her wet food once a day to mix the powder with . i dont feed her the whole can just half . anyhow , she loved it and ate it like crazy . i could tell the powder started to work after about 2 days and i was sooo happy !!! but ... i made the mistake one day to let her SEE me mix the powder in her food ... after this , she WILL NOT eat the powder in dry or wet food ... I DONT KNOW WHAT TO DO !!! i read the reviews that say put it in peanut butter but i think thats for dogs , a cat is a very picky eater and will not eat peanut butter ... any advice or anyone with the same problem ?????? UPDATE !!! wow this review is really old and i have to say ... i quit using this product bcuz it looked like it gave her an eye infection in one eye , and i ended up taking her to the vet . her left eye became really crusty and the angel eyes is the only thing i related the infection to , so i quit using it . although I do believe that it worked -LRB- but maybe just cut down the use to every other day -RRB- , i came to the conclusion that it just really wasnt worth the risk . I love my baby just the same , black eyes n all -- oh well .
 I noticed that this was helping my bulldog 's tear stains but after a few days of her using it her face and breath stunk . I stopped using it after a couple weeks because it made her smell so bad . If you can stand your dog stinking , this product does work well to get rid of tear stains .
 Angels ' Eyes for Dogs 240 Gram BottleExcellent Product . Fought this problem for almost EIGHT years w / my white American Bulldog . Her entire body -LRB- practically -RRB- was pink from yeast . Used medication , diet control etc. . Angel Eyes cleared it up in a couple of months . After 2-3 months you only give it 2-3 a week so it is affordable . Also this product was cheaper thru Amazon than the company 's own website . Highly recommend . Cheaper than other `` remedies '' offered over the net .
 I have a Shih Tzu , Lhasa Apso , and Pekingese . I bought a 15oz bottle because I was n't sure about paying so much on an item that might not work . I took the bottle to my vet and asked him whether this would work or not . He told me that he has tested the product and does not see any harm in it . He said it contains a little amount of natural antibiotics . He said each dog is different and he has seen a lot of good results.My female Shih Tzu was 3 months old when we started her on it and we saw results within a month . I lowered her dosage to 4 times a week after 2 months because the results were amazing . Her eyes are clear and so is the area around her mouth.My Lhasa Apso is 3 years old and it took close to 3 months before we saw any results around his eyes and mouth.My Pekingese is 6 years old and we only saw results around his eyes after 3 months . There really has n't been any improvement around his mouth.I recommend everyone try this product out . As stated each dog is different so the results will vary .
 This is a powder product to eliminate tear stains on the facial fur of dogs . It works well . After a few doses -- mixed with food -- the conjunctivitis that causes the staining disappears . My dogs are 10 and 11 pounds and I have to mix 3/4 tsp in their food once a day at first . Because my dogs usually eat only kibble , it 's been a little challenging . I think it does n't work well to mix the powder with dairy products such as cottage cheese as I tried this , and it seemed to null the effect -- some antibiotics do n't work well with simultaneous dairy ingestion . I 'm not sure if this is one of them . Instead , I mix the product with scrambled egg . The dogs love it . Also the largest size is the most economical because one must dose the dog every day .
 I bought this for my maltipoo PNUT as he was having tears in his eyes . I mixed it everyday and within one month , I see a difference . I ran out and had to order more from Amazon.com , and paid for two day delivery hoping it would come . It did as they promised , I only missed one day and gave him two teaspoons instead of one . I hope this continues as my grandkids have a maltese and he has teary eyes.Grandma will come to the rescue with ANgel Eyes .
 All I can say is that this product WORKS!I am a breeder of poodles and poodle hybrids and this product has been a lifesaver for me . Within 2 weeks my cream poodle stud had a nice clean , stain free face.This product is awesome and I will never be without it again.Tip
 It takes some time and I wish it came in pill form . But thankfully , it really works on my adorable Maltese . -LRB- who was n't so adorable with redish brown streaks running down her face -RRB- .
 This was clearing my shih tzu 's eye staining.I stopped using it for 2 weeks , big mistake !!!! It does work . Takes a while to get rid of old stained hair.I just trimmed the stained hair off . THIS product DOES WORK !!! I just ordered 2 bottles , so i wont run out next time.Give to dog as directed , I mix it in her soft canned food.You 'll see results !
 I tried every product that anyone told me about trying to get rid of the stain on our white toy poodle . It only smeared it . I got the beef flavored and she would not eat it in anything I tried until I hit on grilled sausage . Only a very small piece cut up with five days of Angel Eyes in my Magic Bullet blender making about 2 tsp . of sausage/Angel Eyes per day . After about two weeks of using Angel Eyes I could tell a difference . Now it is only a nightmare remembered of the awful stains on the sides of her face . Our poodle 's stains were the worse I had ever seen on a dog . Now everyone talks about how beautiful her face is . :-RRB- I am on my second bottle of Angel Eyes .
 I dont know how it works but this product truly does what is says it will do . . and it works pretty fast ! My poodle 's eyes are now completley CLEAR and look healthy again ! Thank you !
 I have a toy poodle who has a white face . She used to have extreme drainage from her eyes that caused a reddish brown discoloration under her eyes . It looked unsanitary and unattractive . Angel eyes has taken care of the problem . You do have to continue the treatment for continued results . I realize that Angels Eyes contains Tylosin which is an antibiotic . I mentioned this to my vet and she did not seemed concerned about it .
 What an amazing difference . We have a Shiatsu/Maltese mix and the drain from her eyes was pretty bad . We had to continually clean around her eyes and that only did so well . A friend turned us on to this and what a difference . Completely back to normal coloring . Easy to use and lasts a long time . Well worth the cost . Great product .
 My 14 year old Bichon was having a terrible time with tear stains . I tried numerous products from the local pet store , none very helpful . My vet suggested I try Angel Eyes and I have to say that I am astounded at the difference it has made in just a few weeks . My dog is beautiful again and has had no ill effects from its use . A little expensive , but the results are well worth it . I could n't be more satisfied . Great product !
 This is the best product for my dog . She is all white dog , she was getting stains under her eyes and all over her body , in 5 wks . she was clearing up .
 I have a white toy poodle that had horrible tear stains . Nothing worked ! ... until Angel Eyes . I love this product and would give it 6 stars if I could .
 I do n't follow the bottle 's instructions in terms of tapering off of the dosaege because as soon as my dog goes off of this everyday , his eye issues come back . As long as I give it to him everyday , he does n't have ugly stained eyes .
 Especially good if you have a white dog but removes tear stains from any dog 's face . Kind of expensive but lasts a long time
 This is a great product when it 's used properly . After you get your Toy Poodle or any other dog that has leaking eyes that discolor underneath their eyes , us this product every day , just sprinkle on their food and it 's done .
 Product arrived and was as ordered with expiration date well in the future . Shipment was quick . Satisfied with product and service . Would do business with this seller again .
 Learned of Angel Eyes some years ago at a large regional dog show where I overheard some people talking about this product that really worked on tear stains . We gave it a try and it worked great for our Maltese members of the family . Once you have the dogs on the product long enough to be working , you can back the dosage down to a maintenance level . Very thankful that someone came up with this product & I highly recommend it !
 I started using Angel Eyes about 2 weeks ago and my Westie 's eyes are not staining at all ! I love it , she looks so pretty now . This stuff really works . She and my other Westie , who does n't need it , both love the taste . I sprinkle it on the food , put warm water in and mix it .
 I used this product on my Yorkie a year ago and it cleared the tear stains . I stopped using it after xx number of months , per instructions . Tear stains came back about a month ago so she 's back on it and tear stains are clearing up . Great product .
 Works extremely well . Best on the market . I used a mini spray bottle to spritz the food and then sprinkle the product onto it . That way it just did n't settle to the bottom of the bowl with dry food .
 I have used this product on my maltese -LRB- after getting her vet 's approval -RRB- since she was a baby and it worked in 3 weeks time . Her eyes were completely clean , no more ugly brown stains ! I gradually decreased the amount used and we still give her a maintenance dose once a week -LRB- 1/8 tsp -RRB- and her eyes are still perfect ! This product certainly does its job ! Once last year I went for 3 weeks without giving her the weekly dose and sure enough , the stain started to come back so now we do not miss a dose !
 When we rescued our pup , he had awful brown stains running from his eyes and down his face . Our groomer told us about Angels Eyes so we got it and in no time the stains were gone . Then we stopped giving it to him . Alas , it was n't long before the stains were back big time . Ordered it again , and BOOM , stains gone . We will use this product as long as we have our beloved little guy . It 's claims are true . A fabulous product for those of us who want our dogs to look their best . Also , on Amazon I found the very best price for this product , which can be expensive depending where you go online .
 This product works better than anything I have tried . I have 2 bichons and a shitzu who thinks he is a bichon.They are spoiled and high maintance , thats ok they are my `` kids . '' I have not seen any detrimental side effects in fact no side effects and they view angel eyes as a treat . I give it to them every other day .
 My dog is a cute little white puppy who had horrible tear stains . We had tried everything from purified water to cutting the hair but it did n't help and just got worse . I figured that it would be worth a try to buy Angel Eyes . I was a little skeptical about how to give it.My puppy loved the smell of it but when we tried to give it to her in some water she would n't take it . We eventually put it in a bit of peanut butter and she could n't eat it fast enough ! Its been weeks and its almost all gone ! Will definetly be buying more and more to last us forever
 I was very sceptical regarding the true effectiveness of this product having used numerous tear stain removal products in the past , however it is really absolutely amazing . I started using Angel Eyes on my Bichon Frise on the 13th November 2010 it completely cleared away the tear stains in such a short time by the 30th November in fact . I shall definately recommend this product and use again in the future should any signs of tear stains re-occur this product really does what it claims.Excellent product !
 My dog has been on this product for a year now and only has to take it 3 times a week as recommended . Since we have started using , the fur around her eyes continues to stay white .
 The item came quickly & really works . I have been using this product for some time now & it really does help with the tear stains . The price is very good too !
 I 've been using Angel Eyes on both my maltese and my pit bull for over a year now . The pitt has a white face and light eyes ; he tears easily and it stains just like the maltese . They love both the beef and chicken flavors and it 's so easy to sprinkle into their food . The product seems a little expensive , but the dosage is relatively small so it lasts a long time . Best product I 've found for the ugly staining problem .
 My puppy had very dark tear stains . I heard about Angel Eyes and tried it . It eliminated most if not all the tear stains . My puppy looks a lot better than before . I recommend that you use it if your puppy has tear stains .
 I just adopted a small white poodle , and had never experienced the brown tear stains that discolored the dogs face before . I tried several other products , and was washing and drying the stains twice a day , but nothing worked . Then I tried the Angel Eyes , and it made a huge difference . There is still a little staining , but nothing like it was . However I am only using 1/2 of what was recommended . It has made a huge difference in the dog 's appearance .
 We have a beautiful 5 lb . Maltese that is 4 yrs . old . When she was a baby she had the brown/red staining on her face . I bought Angel Eyes and added it to her food per directions . She only took about 1/2 of the bottle . During the same period of time I took her to the groomers , and when I picked her up they told me they had given her a complimentary blueberry facial . It was a few days before we realized all of the red staining was completely gone . The bigger thrill is that it never came back , and she only took 1/2 a bottle of Angel Eyes . Needless to say we were a believer in AE . People tell us almost weekly how beautiful she is and ask us how we got rid of the staining .
 HII 'M VERY HAPPY WITH ANGELS EYES . I HAVE SEEN A BIG DIFFERENCE IN MY DOG BENJI EYESIN A COUPLE OF WEEK I WOULD RECOMMEND IT TO OTHERSTHANKS ANGELA
 Does the trick with a minimum of fuss -- I used even less than the package says with good results .
 This products is Amazing ! I have a cavalier king Charles , and his eye stains were getting BAD . I 've been using this everyday -LRB- not one missed -RRB- for apx 2 months . I can totally tell a difference . It is getting rid of some old stains along with helping new ones not occur . Once they are completely gone , I 'm going to take him off this and make sure I wipe his eyes once a day if that does n't work ... he will go back on angel eyes . No change in poop , behavior , nothing . : -RRB-
 I hesitated buying this product because of the cost . However , I found a great price on Amazon.com and have been very pleased with the price and the results ! I followed the directions and all the staining on my dog 's face is gone . It was gone within a week or two , and I continued the dosage for a month after that as the instructions indicate . Very very happy ! Highly recommend this product ! Gone are Daisy 's sad weepy eyes !
 My vet told me about this product and I really did n't believe that it would work , but it does . I purchased and after a month my Cavapoo 's eyes and beard which were badly stained started clearing up . After three months the staining was gone . It 's well worth the money . I have just purchased my second bottle and will continue my dog on this product .
 My sister told me about this when she tried it for her dog . I decided to try it on my 5 & 6 yr . old Bishons . Within 2 weeks we began to see a difference in the tear stains and also the telltale `` pink '' where they tend to lick . It has been about 6 weeks now and the difference is amazing ! Their faces are no longer tear stained and they are white allover ! We give it to them in a meat w/gravy brkfst ea . morning and they eat it happily . Thanks for a great product !
 Hi , Do n't be fooled , this is an antibiotic . But on the other hand , it is n't so terrible to take daily antibiotic , people do this for acne . Eventhough this may be natural , it is a medication . the antibiotic alone can be prescribed by a vet . It works because it is an antibiotic . I tap some onto my dog 's food . He eats it .
 GREAT PRODUCT !! ONLY THING I 'VE FOUND THAT ACTUALLY WORKS ON WHITE DOGS ... AND MY DOG LOVES THE TASTE . I WOULD DEFINITELY RECOMMEND IT . BEST PRICE AT AMAZON.COM
 Have been using this product for two weeks and have seen great improvement . The staining has practically stopped and the new hair is almost stainfree . Will continue giving it as directed .
 Very important to follow the recommended quantity . Do n't cut corners on the schedule either . Poor results if you do . It does take 21 days to notice the difference and another 14 days to hit perfection . Thanks to Amazon for making this affordable .
 Removes and prevents brown stains under the eyes of my cream-colored toy poodle.Make sure you use the amount suggested on the container . This really works . Have n't found a better price than on Amazon .
 I -LRB- my Bichon , Nycel -RRB- , have only been using Angel Eyes for a short while , but it seems to be helping . I was very happy with how fast I received the product .
 I love Angels ' Eyes . Both of my bichons have had red mouths -LRB- and subsequently red feet -RRB- for , I do n't know , FOREVER . Angels ' Eyes has cleared it up completely . My Bichons look totally different . But , not to be all about asthetics , my little guys also have had TERRIBLE breath , and dental care has not proven helpful . Angels ' Eyes has ! No more dog breath .
 I am only about 4 or 5 weeks into using this product . So far no noticable changes in my dogs stains . Hers are really bad ... but I hear it takes about 3 months to see results . But my dog eats it with no problem , she does n't even notice it 's mixed with her food . The only thing is you should definitly get a large quantity right away . The 30 gr bottle did n't last long . It 's more cost effective to get the 240 gr bottle right away .
 Angels eyes really works . I give my dog angel eyes every other day and it keeps her eyes clean and dry .
 I wanted to eliminate my poodle 's ugly dark discharge under his eyes and this product worked beautifully . I could not be happier with the results . I will definitely order this again .
 I have three bichon frises and the tear stains on two are extremely bad . I read the reviews and decided to give it a try . It 's wonderful !!! After a week I started noticing a difference and within two weeks the stains had disappeared !! GREAT product !
 got the larger bottle ... it was cheaper in the long run ... but it is BIG ! ... i have 2 five pound maltese ... i think i have a lifetime supply ... the dogs eat it well mixed in their wet food ... it takes a while but the staining and tearing is so much better ... now if they could invent something to keep the rest of them white for longer than 4 days ... i 'll buy that for sureproduct came on time ... was as advertised ... love it
 My sheltie has a viscosity problem with her eyes . Her tears are excessive and too `` thin '' so to speak . She is on a hyaluronic eyedrop -LRB- new in the industry -RRB- and has improved quite a bit . Her tears stain her little face very darkly , almost down to her chin . Angels ' Eyes has taken away the dark-colored stain of the excessive tears completely . I will keep her on it as long as she has the excessive tearing problem . Great product .
 We have a Maltese and her eyes looked so bad , from the tear stains . I have tried other products with no results , still big ol black eye stains ... I had read good reports about Angle Eyes and I was not dissapointed . This product is great !!! My little Mollie has clear and clean eyes now , no ugly dark stains under her eyes.I mix it in with her food each morning and she eats it up . Wa La !!!
 Angels ' Eyes works so well and my dog does n't even know she is getting something that is helping her look so beautiful because I just sprinkle it on her food and she eats it right down . I get so many compliments about how `` clean '' her face , eyes and beard look . I tell everyone it 's Angels ' Eyes . I recommend it to everyone who has a breed that is prone to eye staining . Angels ' Eyes really makes a difference !
 It works . Our little Maltese used to have black gunk under her eyes all the time . She hated it when I had to clean her eyes . Now they are clear and her little face is so cute . Thank you Angel Eyes !
 As soon as I got the `` angel eyes , for dogs I began giving them to my dogs which is a full breed bichon and I have a half bichon and papillion and they both just happen to be criers , and the stains that are under the dogs eyes , is caused by tears running from the dog 's eye on to his fur , these tears then react with naturally occurring bacteria on your dog 's skin causing a brownish stain . Your dog naturally produces tears constantly although normally these tears are drained through small ducts within your dog 's eyes which drain through your dog 's nose . In some dogs who have tear stains these ducts are blocked and consequently the excess tears run down your dog 's face . I ordered the Angel eye 's and when I got them I immediately started using the `` Angel eyes and within a few days of using this product my dogs eyes began to clear up . There is a lot of products out there that say '' work but do not , make no mistake the Angel glow , for the Angel eyes they are not the same product , Angel Glow '' does not work , Angel eyes does ! Becareful when buying these products know the difference one actually does the job right !!!
 This is the only product we found that actually works . In fact we used 3X per week until stains disappeared -LRB- about 3 weeks -RRB- , then stopped using it completely . It 's was 2 years before we needed another 2 wwek treatment and have never needed it again . Amazing
 We have been using Angel Eyes for year . This is the best price for this product , the service was excellent .
 Great Product . My dad has a bichon whose face was a mess until we started using Angel Eyes . Now that Max 's face is all white again , using Angel Eyes once or twice a week , keeps it that way .
 We have 2 dogs , a maltese/bichon mix and a maltese/shih tzu mix . With the use of Angels Eyes they are white and beautiful . For a short period of time -LRB- about 2 months -RRB- we were out of Angels Eyes , during which time the staining returned . The boys have been back on Angels Eyes now for about 2 weeks and are again bright , white and stain free .
 Wow ! This is an incredible product , my all white shiz tzu has no discoloration around his eyes at all , only use it once a week he likes me to mix it in his food then licks my fingers clean afterwards . I would recommend this product to anyone who has been fighting doggy tear stains !
 Used it for years on my dogs . They do n't have those ugly stains on their white faces . Everyone notices the improvement .
 I gave my dog less powders as the instruction says , and I did n't give her angel eyes everyday , maybe 3 times a week , and the stain went away after a week , now my dog looks so cute and pretty ! Highly recommend this product !!!
 Angel Eyes is a wonderful product . It 's a powder that you sprinkle on your dog 's food and within a couple of days you will start to see a change . Remember , the tear staining that is already there needs to be cut away-once the fur/hair is stained it wo n't un-stain , but the new fur/hair growing in will be clean . I 've even noticed a change in the fur around my dog 's mouth .
 I have 9 dogs ! Maltese Maltipoos and Poodles . If anyone has this type of dog , or a dog that is white or tan they know that the tear stains can be horrible . I have two of those dogs that even get red on their legs because of allergies . Angel Eyes has just about cleared up all the stains and now I can see the dogs entire face and how truly cute they are . I would say to anyone out there that is thinking about purchasing - Get it try it !!! you wo n't be sorry.Linda / Johnstown NY
 I have been using angel eyes on my bichon frise dogs for just a little over 3 months . Thank god for this product . I am now down to giving them their dose every other day . Before angel eyes , people would say `` whats wrong with your dogs yes , they were black hair around the white It was pittiful.Thank you Angel Eyes for making my dogs beautiful again .
 This product works wonders on my Westie Poo , Buddy . I have been using it for years . It is so easy and reliable .
 After being told by my Vet and Groomer that there is nothing that will reduce tear stains , I was unsure about trying Angels Eyes . I never would have spent the money but a woman at the dog park told me she loved the product . In about 2 weeks I noticed a HUGE improvement after 4 weeks and a grooming apt . Chip looks like a new dog ! He is so much happier now . The tear staining has grown out , his face is much dryer , the skin around his eyes is no longer sore and irritated from the constant moisture . I highly reccomend this product , its worth the money . Do it for your pet the visibility of the tear stains was not an issue for me but the constant moisture is like diaper rash on their face it hurts them . Now instead of worrying about him getting a skin infection , and washing his face to apply antibiotic cream he gets a teaspoon of Angels Eyes once a day .
 Our younger Bichon did n't like the taste . We were advised to mix with cottage cheese and it helped . She had little tear stain and it started working in a couple weeks . Older Bichon has discoloration on her paws and behind and it 's getting lighter . Now they 've been on this for a month . I hate to have to continue for 3 months but I will order another bottle . I 'd love to get sweet potato formula if it was as low price as Beef formula . I wish that they made this product in chewable .
 Didnt have a problem ... The shipment came within the expected ship date . Overall , I was a very happy customer and I will use them again .
 I saw this advertised but did not have any prior knowledge of its existence . We have a white bichon frise who is adorable except the brown stains under his eyes and on his mustache were a distraction . I ordered this with some skeptism but decided it would not hurt to try . The results are simply amazing - within two weeks and one trip to the groomer to cut off stained hair the stains have NEVER reappeared -- we have been using this close to six months . One third teaspon sprinkled on his food once a day will do the trick -- you should try this incredible product .
 It has been 7 weeks since starting my 1 yr old cream colored havanese dog -LRB- member of Bichon family -RRB- on Angel Eyes . I was skeptical at first because I had tried many suggestions to rid my beautiful dog of those unsightly stains ! You must be patient and use everyday for it to work . After 3 weeks I started to see less staining . I carefully snipped the discolored hair away as time went on . Now after 7 weeks it is 90 % gone ! I mix it with aprox . 1 Tbs.of cream cheese and heat for 10 sec . in microwave . I have heard peanut butter works as well but my dog turned her nose up at that ! The directions say mix with their food but she grazes on her dry food all day so that would n't work . Amazon.com has the best price I have found . Give it a try !
 I decided to take a chance on this after reading all the reviews as I had tried every other product . Really was n't expected it to work all that well , as others have claimed the same and nada results . WOW it works ! I have two Shih Tzus , black and white , mostly white , one has a total white face . She always had ugly brown tears stains , upsetting to say the least , well she has been on it just two weeks now and her face is the most sparkling white ! I took her to have her shaved down and it is all growing back in totally white , absolutely no tears stain at all , NONE . An amazing product , like magic ! I am ordering another supply today , I never want to run out of it , I mix it in her food twice a day and she seems to love the taste.Thank you Angel Eyes !
 I purchased angel eyes as a last resort . My little dog had terrible red stains under her eyes and around her mouth . Within 1 week of using this product we saw a complete transformation of her fur . She now is free of the red stains and looks absolutly beautiful . A sprinkle a day keeps the stains away ! From Carol of Ocala , Fl .
 This product works very well in stopping tear staining on white dogs if frequency of use described on bottle is followed . If prescribed frequency is not followed , best results will not be achieved .
 This is truly an amazing product ! I was not sure if it would really work on my little pure white Maltese , but whalaa ! After a week or so we could notice a major difference in her . I was also concerned because she was only a puppy -LRB- 3 months -RRB- and I was not sure how the powder would work on dry food - both worries were for nothing ! Works great !
 Great Product . We were surprised at how fast it began to work on the staining on our Shih Tzu 's eyes . We are quite pleased and recommend it to all .
 Worked wonders on my Bichon which just months ago had terrible tear stains . Product is a little pricey , but works like a charm !
 Angle eyes is rather expensive but a product that works . We have been using it , as instructed , on our 15 pound white bichon . He had a very noticible tear drip from both eyes that was so severe people stared at them first not the whole cutsie dog.Since using it we are hooked on it and will continue buying it . A wonderful product !!
 Angel 's Eyes has the fewest ingredients of other stain eliminators for ingestion . I like the idea of the purest form of a food additive possible to help keep staining away . Beetje likes it , too ! The 120 gram bottle lasts several months for Beetje who is 8 pounds ; I use 1/4 teaspoon a few times a week . That 's all it takes . Her eyes and feet are white , and stay stain free . I do recommend this product . No affiliation .
 I only want one item of this product . not three as you show me in your e-mail . Sorry for the inconvenience . But I need only one item.thanks for your help . -LRB- I order this product 5 minutes ago . -RRB- thanks
 I was very skeptical at first . We have a shitzu and it cleared the eye staining up . I will probably keep using this as long as we have her .
 Have a 3 lb Maltese who had really bad tear stains . The vet said she had heard good things about this product from other owners and thought it would be worth a try . Boy , I am glad I did . I place the recommended dose in about 1 tablespoon of vanilla yogurt and my baby eats it up ! Tear stains were much improved in 1 week and all but gone in 2-3 weeks . Let me add that I am an RN and was very skeptical . I 've already ordered my next bottle because I do n't want to run out !
 I was VERY skeptical about trying this product . First off , it 's expensive so if it did n't work it was money wasted but I was desperate ! My Maltese mix had red tears stains so bad that it looked like her eyes were bleeding . She 's not even a year old and it looked horrible.I have to say after only 1 week I already see a change !! It went from being red to a light brown and much less noticeable ! Hopefully with her next hair trim , it will be all gone ! She still has weeks to go but I am thrilled ! I add some water to her dry food , sprinkle it on and mix well . She actually loves the taste and has her bowl clean in no time ! What a great product !! I took a before picture and after a month I will be back to post the final picture !
 Angels Eyes is great for removing brown stains from your dog 's face . Not just tear stains , but also around the mouth , if your dog has a tendency to lick that area . I used to own a dog grooming shop and I wanted to know what works , so I tested this on a sweet little Maltese who had horrendous face stains . It worked great . The owner was convinced and continued the treatment , and I began retailing this product . -LRB- I sold that business and now buy thru Amazon ! -RRB- With Angels Eyes , new hair grows in white , and the old stains are gradually reduced . As the old stains are groomed away and new clean hair grows in , your dog 's face will be beautiful and stain-free . Treat it like a medication ; always measure and use the amount prescribed for your dog 's weight . Once your results are achieved , cut the dosage in half to maintain that pretty clean face . I measure mine out and then stir it into a half tablespoon of wet dog food , then feed this `` meatball '' to my dog . She loves it !
 This is the greatest stuff I ever used for tear stains . I have tried everything and nothing worked . I have been using this for 2 years now.I have a white dog with no brown stains under the eyes anymore . I would definitely try it if anyone has that problem with their dog !
 We have used Angel 's Eyes for a month . The label states that results will take 45-90 days to show up . There seems to be less new tear staining but it will take a while for the old staining to wash or wear away . Altogether , our dog 's white fur seems to be whiter . He licks his paws and chews on the inside of his `` elbows '' and those areas are less pink .
 This stuff works okay for my bulldog ... only thing is I have to use alot of it because my dog weighs 50lbs . Not sure if I will be buying again . .
 using as directed for several weeks . have seen much improvement on the staining . will continue to see final results . can recommend as products is doing what it claims
 Angels ' eyes worked as promise , starting seeing results after a few days . After two weeks , the staining condition cleared completely . Strongly recommend this product for dog owners .
 I have used this product on my dogs for years and I believe it truly keeps their eyes from getting all crusty . If I run out or forget to give it to them for awhile I notice gunk building up under their eyes and some of it even leaves a dark stain . I have friends who do n't use it on their dogs and the difference is very noticeable .
 My dog had terrible tear staining , it was a dark brown that stained his beautiful white fur . After using Angel Eyes , his tears have turned to a milky white color and staining is not such a huge problem . We have been using it for about a month , and using only 1/2 tsp per meal instead of the recommendation on the package for a 12 pound pup , trying to conserve it as long as we can . It 's expensive , but worth it .
 I purchased the Angel Eyes for dogs and after two weeks and a little trim , my puppy has beautiful eyes . No more drippy dark stains . What a difference . I use to clean his eyes every night and it still looked dirty . I highly recommend this product for any dog that has this problem .
 We 've been using this product for 30 days - and I ca n't believe how well it is working . The brown tear stains on my white Shih-Tzu - Mugsy - are just about cleared up . I simply mix some in his food every day ... . Well worth the $ $ $ . Amazon has the best price for this product . No more DEVIL EYES !!!
 It works great for my Bichon , and my Cocker , the Angel 's Glow product is bitter and I had to mix it with water or sneak it in with baby food , but the Angle 's Eyes has the magic ingredient just like Angle Glow but it is mixed with liver extract and the dogs will eat it by itself.The basic problem is red yeast and you must keep up the treatment , but you can taper off the amount in time , just follow the instructions . The 120 gram bottle is $ 80 plus tax at most pet stores and Vet 's . This is a bargain .
 I recently started using Angels Eyes for my 10 month old Maltese who had terrible red stains , and in just TWO days I saw a remarkable difference ! I am serious ! I was using different topical cleaners several times a day and nothing really helped . He loves the flavor -LRB- beef liver -RRB- , I sprinkle Angle Eyes granules -LRB- scant 1/2 teaspoon , he weighs 8 1/2 lbs -RRB- over his dry food , then wet it with about 1/4 teaspoon of water so it sticks to his food . I no longer have to clean his eyes , just when he gets his weekly bath . I hesitated giving him something to injest but it is 100 % beef liver with common antibiotic used for animals and humans . And it is not something you have to use forever or a long period of time , just a few months . I highly recommend this product for red stains !!!!!
 When we bought our little Havanese her eyes were all rust color . We bought angle eyes and now they are a wonderful white . We used it everyday at first , now we only use it every three days or so . She does n't seem to mind the taste . We just sprinkle on her food . I have now bought some for my sister in law and best friend for their dogs .
 My Maltese eyes tear all the time . The eye stains are disappearing well . She is a little picky about her food , but i mix the Angel Eyes powder with the squirtable cream cheese . She LOVES it and eats every tiny bit.Thanks for making Jasmine snow white again !
 I have a white maltipoo , I only used 1/2 of the recommended dosage and still had amazing results , I recommend this to anyone who has tear stain problems with their dogs . It also cleared rust stains from paws and beard . Everyone always comments on how white my dog looks !
 We were surprized that this product really does work ! We tried many ways to clean the very dark rings -LRB- black -RRB- under our dog 's eyes and nothing worked . Now our dog looks extremely handsome .
 My Bichon had terrible tear staining ... nothing topical worked . After using this product for several weeks , the stains were gone ! I was then able to cut back the usage to about twice a week to maintain the whiteness . I highly recommend this product .
 Was very skeptical at first because so many different products failed to live up to promises . Was amazed after several week of use . No more dark tear marks . Have used this for several years . Works great !!!
 I have a pale beige Pom . The Angel Eyes really worked great in the past and I have not had any problems for a couple of years until recently . A neighbor gave me some Dentastix after her dog died and both of my dogs loved them ! HOWEVER , not long after they started eating them the Pom 's eyes started tearing and now wherever she licks her feet it turns brown . The Papillion 's eyes started doing the same thing but because she is dark brown around her eyes it is not too noticeable . No more of those goodies ! Back to the AE ! I am so happy to find that Amazon has it and at a much lower price than I have paid for it in the past .
 It works way better than me having to wipe her eyes out everyday . She squirms and wiggles and tries to nip and the tear towel and I just could n't take it any more so now she is an Angle Eyes girl . Thank you Angel Eyes .
 Great product it works!It worked magic on my maltipoo ! I would not suggest any other product it may not be super cheap but it is def worth the money .
 Within a week or two there was a definite difference in the amount of tear stains on my Boston Terrier 's face . -LRB- not a typical Boston , he has a white head -RRB- Now a month later , the stains are gone . I have tried the beef and chicken and he loved both . Although he may get a little more excited about the beef ! I sprinkle the powder on top of his food and add a little water to make a gravy . My boy , who has never been a good eater , gobbles it up.Urine stains on his front legs and belly are gone as well.An added benefit that I was not expecting is that his breath has improved tremendously!What a great product , would highly recommend !
 I have tried the Sweet Potato , Chicken and Beef . The best results was with the beef , the worst results was with the chicken . I have no ideal why , but my baby tear stains came back , so I got the beef , wow , no stains at all . She has not had any reactions to it . I started giving it to my 16 year old , because she kept licking her feet and legs and were getting stains , i just gave her just a little on her food , her groomer was amazed how fast it worked on her ... faster than on my other baby . . This is the best product ever !!!!
 This product works ! My puggle does n't have any more tear stains ! The beef works better than the sweet potato flavor . it is a bit pricey but worth it !
 I 've been putting this powder on my bichon frise 's food for a few months now , skipping a few days here and there , and really only a little bit of powder -LRB- since it 's so expensive -RRB- , and it 's made a HUGE difference in his appearance ! I am very , very pleased with this product , it really does work and his face is now almost completely white . No more ugly brown stains all over his beard ! I think he 's not tearing as much , or at least it 's just not noticeable anymore . Others have noticed the change too . Do n't hesitate to try this , it 's worth it .
 My dog had brown/red stains around her eyes and mouth . I tried other products but this was the first one to completely eliminate these stains . I 've recommended it to several family members whose dogs had the same problem and it solved the problem for them as well .
 It really does work ! I have a white golden retriever that had tear stains to his muzzle . It took awhile for the product to work because the staining was so bad but he is now completely stain free . Nothing else worked , so I 'm glad I found this product !
 I have a white and black toy poodle that had terrible large brown eye stains and I tried a couple of different products , drops for food , liquid to wipe the stains with a cotton ball - nothing worked . I had heard about Angel Eyes before but did nothing . Then I talked to a groomer who told me about it , so I broke down and bought a bottle.Best thing I ever did ! Within a week I was seeing results and now after about 2 months , she has no real stain left . An occasional streak will come down from her eye , but I can wipe it right off . I 'm told that if I continue to use the product , she will have no more stains . However , you have to continue to use the product . Finally - a product that actually does what it says it will !
 This product really does work ! We have a 10 mo. old shihtzu/bichon cross puppy who had terrible tear stains . A friend of mine told me about this product as they have a shihtzu puppy . I originally bought the small size bottle because I figured that if Oscar did n't like it , we would n't be out much money . However , I do n't think he even notices that it 's on his food in the morning ! -LRB- I 've heard that some dogs do n't care for the taste . -RRB- I am thoroughly amazed at how well this product works . It took about a month for the stains to no longer appear . Now he 's tear-stain free ! Oscar is mostly white with dark grey ears and light grey spots . The tear stains really showed up on his face prior to using Angel Eyes . Prior to using this , his face would be clear for a few days after being at the groomer 's place and then the tear stains would start up again . Now he does n't have any ! I wish I could post a photo of his face here for proof . :-RRB- I -LRB- we -RRB- are very satisfied with this product . When I think how much money I could have spent `` trying '' other products and finding out they do n't work or that they take so much extra time or effort , it makes this product all that much better . A scoop every morning on top of his food and that 's it !
 I love Angel Eyes ! It really works ! My Maltese looks much better without the tear-stains ! He looks like a little angel !
 I have been using Angels ' Eyes on my Bichon and Shih Zhu for about a month and already there is a marked difference . There are no longer those unsightly black streaks and always wet areas on their faces , nor areas on their paws where they lick to clean themselves . Terrific stuff .
 I am delighted to find a product that really works for elimanating the ugle stains from my beautiful little white Poodle-Bischon . I had tried several of the products from the pet stores and none of them worked . My groomer actually told me that she knew of nothing to really remove the stains and that they were all a waste of money!I have been using Angel Eyes for only about 6 wks . and everyone has noticed the difference . I started to notice results almost immediately . Evrnthough the product is expensive in the beginning , after a few months , the price will be very reasonable and I plan to continue to use this great product!Judy Catanzaro
 I have a maltese who is now 6 1/2 months old . When she came to me at 12 weeks she was just beginning to get tear stains . Within 2 weeks no matter what I did it just got worse . I washed with remover 2x per day and trimmed her weekly . I ordered Angel eyes and within 2-3 weeks I could not believe the difference . She has been using it just over 3 months and is completely clear . I have just started to cut her back but even using every day I have only used a little over half the 120 g. bottle . I antcipate one bottle will last 8 months or more . My maltese is a little over 4 lbs . To me , Angel Eyes is worth every penny .
 This products is amazing . Works terrific on my little white Maltese . Vendor prompt and efficient.My dog really likes the taste of it too . No more brown tears on his little white face .
 This will take awhile to rate since I will not know how it will work for my dogs for a month or so ...
 Works great on my 5 # white poodle ! Would recommend it to others . Easy to administer ... just 1/2 tsp on food , beef flavored powder .
 I have used this product for several years . There were rumours about one engrediant being harmful . I asked my Vet . about that engrediantand he said , the product is safe to use . I was releived because it does a great job reducing the tear staing in white dogs !
 I have used this product for over a year and it does work great . It takes time and one treatment or two will not get the results you want . I have a 47 lb . bulldog , white , and the tear stains were very bad and with continued use the dark went away and there is white . You do have to continue the use as directed but it does work .
 Colorado -LRB- a white poodle -RRB- was a cruelty abuse case at the SPCA . He was not much to look at , but we bonded immediately . Now he is as beautiful on the outside as he is on the inside . Thanks for this wonderful product .
 My maltipoo benefited from this product in 3 weeks ! This stuff is truly amazing ! No more tear stains and dark fur under his mouth . Perfect !
 this stuff Really DOES work . Within one week my dogs eyes were pure white . They were absolutely stained before I used Angel Eyes . This stuff is the BOMB !! Try it , you will love it . I sure DID !!!!
 We were under some serious peer pressure from the strangers at the dog park to buy this stuff . We saw the price tag for the tiny bottle , and immediately bought the wipes instead . Turns out , the strangers at the dog park were right . The wipes did n't work , so we caved and bought the good stuff . Six weeks later the tear stains were gone , it 's easy to use -LRB- just shake some on the dog food -RRB- , and our toy poodle/long hair chihuahua mix loves it : -RRB-
 My baby boy , a Maltese , came to me as a puppy surviving , his siblings did not , the poison dog food scare . He had horrible stains from the canned food and the poisons . I did n't think it would ever clear up , but my concern was his life at that time . When he reached three months I purchased Angel 's Eyes . After about five weeks I started to notice the hairs close to his eyes were growing out without a stain . The color on his mussel is not from an infection from his eyes , but rather from his eyes watering and keeping a small streak to fur wet and then running and playing out in the woods where dust and dirt collect in the damp fur . He 's healthy now and happy and stain free . This product works . I 'll put up with the damp face collecting a little dust . I do n't think burning the tear ducts is a good idea , so please try this before you take that step .
 We have used other products to get that ugly rust stain off of our English Bulldogs face , this is the only product that really works . We used it before and it cleared his face up , but our vet . thought he should be using something else , a prescription to keep it clear , and lo and behold , it did n't work , the stains came back , but before they got too bad , we started the Angel Eyes again , and he looks fantastic . I just ordered 3 more bottles -LRB- you can save on shipping -RRB- .
 Excellent product . I have no more trouble with ugly stained eyes on my tiny white poodle . I strongly reccommend it .
 MY MALTESE HAS THE CLEANEST , WHITEST FUR/EYES SINCE STARTING THIS PROGRAM ! IT IS WORTH EVERY CENT - SERIOUSLY . IT WORKS QUITE QUICKLY AND HE LOOKS GORGEOUS 24/7 . NO BROWN STAINS ANYWHERE !!! IT REALLY IS AMAZING - AND I WAS SKEPTICAL UNTIL I SAW THE RESULTS AND THEY ARE OUTSTANDING !!!!
 I love my baby ` Dixie ' . She 's a 1 year 6 mo old female shih tzu who is so prone to horrible tear stains . Her whitish/creamish coloring make the stains look worse.The Angel Eyes changed all that . My baby now looks literally like an angel , all white and clean and lovely.Thanks a lot .
 Our `` teddy bear '' Oreo always had rust colored tear stains on her white face . After using Angels Eyes for 3 months she is 100 % cleared up of the rust stains . We 're now on the maintenance schedule and plan to continue forever ! We feed her raw meat patties , so the Angels Eyes is easy to sprinkle on this kind of food .
 I own an 18 month old English Bulldog . My dog Vinnie has a snow white face and very drippy eyes ! I spent atleast $ 100.00 on other products to get rid of his brick red stains by his eyes . These stains really took away the beauty of our bulldogs face . I heard about Angel Eyes from a Milwaukee Bulldog Club news letter and thought I would give one more product a try . Although it was a little expensive , I purchased the larger bottle for additional savings . THIS PRODUCT REALLY WORKS . I swear to god ! I could see results after the first week ... slowly the red stain stops coming and new white hairs regrow as the old stained hair falls out . I have pictures before and after that prove how amazing this stuff is . Vinnie has been taking this for 6 months now ... he is BEAUTIFUL !
 HAMLET IS OUR WHITE TEACUP MALTESE . I HAVE OWNED HIM FOR THREE YRS . I BRUSH HIS TEETH AND WASH HIS EYES EVERY NIGHT . I HAVE USED A VARIETY OF PRODUCTS TO ELIMINATE THE TEAR STAINS , BUT THEY 'RE ALWAYS THERE.A STRANGER SUGGESTED TO US THAT WE TRY ANGELS EYES . TWO WEEKS SINCE USING THIS , HAMLET 'S TEAR STAINS ARE 90 PERCENT BETTER . THIS HAS FAR EXCEEDED MY EXPECTATIONS . AND BY THE WAY , HE LOVES THE TASTE ! IT 'S BEEF .
 This really does work ! I love that my dog , white maltese , does not have the tear stains on his pretty face.Angels Eyes for Dogs 30 Gram Bottle
 I have a 7 pound maltese . He looks forward to his `` treat '' at dinner time , I take canned food and dip pieces of it in the powder and hand feed it to him to make sure he gets it all -LRB- and that my 2 other dogs , not maltese -RRB- do n't . Have been using for about 3 weeks now , the staining started clearing up immediately , and even his eyes look brighter and more alert , does n't have that tired , squinty look . -LRB- He is 1 yr 5 months old -RRB- . Got ours from Amazon , not another distributor . I showed this to our vets first and they had no problem with it . -LRB- they are high end vets . -RRB- Hope this helps !
 product performs as described . My dog 's red fur stains around the eyes and mouth began to disappear in 7-10 days and were mostly gone by the end of the month . An MD friend of mine expressed some concern about giving the dog such high doses of liver extract , but I did not see any negative effects in the dog 's well-being . I have my dog on a maintenance schedule now at a half dose weekly .
 My Maltese has been taking this product for almost three months . She had dark brown stains covering her entire face from eyes down . She is 13 lbs , and I have been giving her a scant teaspoon every day . After a few days of treatment I noticed that her eyes were very watery , but with clear tears . Excess watering stopped after another couple of days and she has had no more staining since that time . New hair is growing in white and she looks like her beautiful self again . Powder is a little messy , but she eats it readily when mixed with a little wet food . I highly recommend this product .
 Our 8 month old shiz tzu litter mates are 95 % white , the exception being their ears . As they began to grow older , the tears that this breed sheds began to stain the area below their eyes . It was recommended we try this product . We 're very pleased , as the promised results came much sooner than predicted , meaning we can decrease the amount given sooner also .
 This is a great product ! I am very happy I purchased it . I was skeptical even though I saw thebefore and afters , but it really works . I have had my Bishon/Havanese dog on it for 1 1/2 months now and reallysee it working . Thanks to the creator of this wonderful product.Deborah Reed
 After using this product for 3 days we saw changes in our dog 's tear stain marks . Now , after using it for several months it is completely resolved and he looks BEAUTIFUL !!
 We tried a lot of different methods to deal with the problem of `` poodle-eye '' and this stuff actually works . It 's a brown powder that you sprinkle on the food and the dog eats it . He really does . We noticed results just before the end of the first week -LRB- probably not typical -RRB- and it 's been getting even better . Costly , a little . But it 's worth it .
 My friend has a Maltese and around the dogs eyes was always discolored with a heavy dark discharge from the eyes too . I saw her dog 3 weeks ago and she looked like a different dog . Totally white face except for her black button nose . I was so impressed I asked and she said it was `` Angels Eyes '' . I was skeptical but ordered a bottle and even asked my vet just to be sure . The vet said he did n't see anything in the ingredients that would stop the discoloration , but he said keep me informed if it works . I started using `` Angels Eyes '' almost three weeks ago and took my dog in for a teeth cleaning and the vet was very impressed . My Maltese now looks like she is supposed to look . No more discoloration around the eyes and no dark discharge either . This product has been great !!! My dog would not take it straight , but if I put it on a small piece of cheese and then put a second layer of cheese -LRB- smashing the edges so the powder does n't fall out , kind of looked like a cheese ravioli -RRB- she would gobble it down .
 Angels ' Eyes has made a noticeable difference in my little dog 's appearance . He 's part Jack Russell , part Shih Tzu -LRB- we call him a Jack ShihT ! -RRB- with a fuzzy white face . When I got him , the area around his eyes looked like rust stains on an old porcelain sink , and the fur under hist mouth was also discolored . BY the end of the first month , the stains had receded , and partway into the second bottle , they 're gone . It 's expensive , but I 'll keep using it ! Looking forward to being able to cut back to twice a week .
 so far this product is actually working . I was very leary at first wondering if it would actually work . My biscon has been on it for 3 weeks and the new hairs growing in are white . If you have a white dog try this product
 I started using Angel Eyes on my dog 3 years ago because my white Bichon Frise had so much weeping from his eyes and the tears stained his pretty white fur and also the drainage dried and clumped under his eyes making the fur hard . Within 6 weeks his eyes stopped draining and I was able to cut away the clumped and stained fur/hair . He gets such relief from Angel Eyes ; it stops the yeast that causes this drainage and staining . I have also given it to my other two dogs that are dark in color and the stain is n't as noticeable . However , I know they feel better also . Dogs get relief and so does the owner !
 Our vet recommended this product . We have seen great results . The red stains have almost completely disappeared . We mix the product with a small amount of food . We recommend it for your pet .
 Excellent performer . We have been using it for the last two months and it works perfect . Our little Bingo 's face is perfectly clean .
 I have a maltese and he did have some orange stain in the corner of one of his eyes . I add a little Angel Eyes to his dry dog food by sprinkling over the top and then mixing it up . It does work pretty well . Of course , his eyes still has `` sleep '' that leaks from the corners , but that is the eyes natural cleaning . It is no longer the orange color and is more dark and able to be wiped clean . I would purchase again .
 I have been trying for 3 years to find a solution for the drastic tear stains that my baby dog suffered . I tried everything - creams , supplements , wipes - and i spent a fortune.Then I found Angel Eyes - I followed the directions and the tear stains completely dissapeared within a month . I am so happy!I highly recommend it . I am a very happy customer .
 At first I was in doubt about it but the results were great . I have a maltese and had a lot of trouble with the eye stains . It has stopped her from getting all the secretions that were staining her . Also , she enjoys her food now with the beef taste . I am going for a second bottle . If you want try the small bottle first , as I did . Then you can verify it 's effects .
 Angels ' Eyes really eliminates the tear stains . When I took my dog to the vet he said it is great stuff .
 I have an English Bulldog who gets really bad infections in one eye , despite daily cleansing . This stuff works ! One week and his eye is totally clear !
 I ran out of Angel 's Eyes and bought another brand which was recommended by a groomer . The new brand did not work at all . In fact , it made them look worse . I used it on two Maltese puppies with the same result on each . After starting Angel 's Eyes again , I saw a difference immediately . My puppies are looking much better each day and the tear stains are almost gone -LRB- again -RRB- . I 'll never buy another brand .
 I was skeptical that anything would remove tear stains . I had tried many other products that were wiped on . Since this is put in the food , it 's entirely different . After daily use in the beginning , I am now down to about twice a week and still no tear stains . This is working on all three dogs that are on it .
 My `` personal pack '' of dogs includes myself and husband and three rescued maltese dogs , a yorkie/Shih Tzu mix from a puppy mill and a schnauzer/shih tzu mix found running loose on a nearby busy road . The maltese had constantly dark and reddish stains from their eyes until I started using Angels Eyes . After a year the stains are completely gone . I use a little less of the product 's recommended dosage twice a day . Stopping the use of it shows up in staining returning within two days so I ca n't take advantage of the suggested reduced use . My darker colored dogs have a little staining too although it does n't show so I let them clean the maltese food bowls and it seems to help their eye discharge also .
 Angel EYES IS A GREAT PRODUCT !!! I will continue to order it . It really helps the stains around my dogs eyes.Delivery was fast !
 This product is great for my Maltese dogs . They had the rusty looking tear stains and now they are snowy white .
 Wow , Terrific product ... My 16 year old Bichon Frisee 's eyes have never looked better . . As he got older the staining became worse but within the first week of using Angels ' Eyes the staining dramatically disappeared . I sprinkled it over his dry food . I am sure it works better if mixed with wet but I still had great results .
 I could n't believe it , but it worked exactly as it said it would . After two weeks , the tears stopped staining . Since having my puppy groomed , all the old stained fur is gone and the stains have not returned . I am not longer using this every day , more like every other day . I add it to her food and she never even notices .
 None of the other products removed the red tear stains until I got Angel Eyes . My little Joey now has a totally white face and he loves the taste . Try it !
 I recently adopted a buff colored puppy -LRB- looks like a matli-poo -RRB- and brought him home at about 8 weeks . His eyes were already stained and I could tell it would be a problem . Through research I decided to try this product . I started him on it mid-Sept . In the beginning I followed the instructions faithfully but after reading other reviews and seeing that others lessened the amount I tried that approach . So since October I have been giving him the recommended dose for his size two to three times a week instead of every day and his eyes are completely clear . Any debris in his eyes now is dry and brushing out . Results were very quick . I bought the smallest bottle , 30 grams , and I am still using it . Amazon is also the best price I have found .
 Just discovered Angel eyes and it is wonderful . Have 2 bichons a 4 month old puppy and 5 year old . Both bichons have major improvement and once all the stained hair grows out and is trimmed they will have white faces . When I got my order I was concerned after reading some of the reviews that they may not like it . To solve the problem of making sure they both ate their own portion of Angel eyes ... I purchased a can of Innova dog food which neither had ever had before ... mixed the Angel eyes with a small amount of the dog food . Worked like a charm ... my older bichon is a picky eater and now is jumping and barking when I am preparing the dishes for them with the appropriate amount of food and Angel eyes . I watch they do n't go to the other one 's bowl and the bowls are licked clean . The canned dog food is a treat ... the rest of the day they get the dry Innova dog food . About Innova dog food . When I got the puppy she was stained under her chin -LRB- beard -RRB- also - I thought she just had that color fur and noticed about a week or two after I got her - her beard was growing in white - that HAD to be the change in dog food to Innova - no Angel eyes yet . -LRB- some dog foods cause staining -RRB- My sister 's white poodle staining was so bad her little face smelled . We got her on Angel Eyes and Innova and she is finally getting better . Am ordering the large bottle now - worth every cent !!! : - -RRB-
 This is an amazing product for the reduction of tearing eye stains on small dogs . I have 3 poodles -LRB- 2 white and 1 black -RRB- that are using this product . I saw remarkable improvement within a month of using it . If used as directed , it will prevent staining . I also have noticed improvement of their breath . I ca n't answer how it has improved their breath , but it has . I mix it with a small amount of moist food -LRB- Little Ceasars -RRB- . I find that it is easier to do it this way . I feel confident that the staining will be completed gone soon . I highly recommend this product .
 Angel eyes is the best product I have used on my dog . The breed I have continuously has eye stains and after a few weeks the stains started to disappear . After 5 weeks they were totally gone .
 It is too soon to say , but so far she looks a lot better , her hair around the eyes does ` nt look brown like it use to be . I have to wait a little bit longer . She does n't like it to much but I mix it with a little bit of wet and dry food and she eats it all .
 ALL WHITE DOG OWNERS SHOULD USE THIS PRODUCT . MY VET RECEOMMEDED IT . IT TAKES ABOUT 4 WEEKS TO START WORKING , BUT WELL WORTH IT . AND MY FUSSY EATER MALTESE DOS N'T NOTICE THE TASTE . SHE LIKES BEEFF !
 I have a Maltese - and this is the only product that I have tried that actually worked . This does need to be used consistently in order for it to be effective , and even though it can be kind of expensive , it really works , and in my opinion , is worth every penny . I will never try another product again ; I am hooked on this one !
 I have a 10 yr old black poodle . My dog started about a year ago with a thick brownish discharge from one of his eyes . This discharge would be so thick he would scratch his eye raw . My vet tried several different medications but nothing worked refered me to eye specialist.The specialist gave me no medication.One day I decided to research on internet if other breeds had this same problem . I did find other pet owners who did and recommended Angel Eyes and decided to try it.After using the product 1 week I could see the difference . My dog eye is completly healed he no longer has any discharge.I love this product and so does my dog . I mix it in with his food once a day . I wish I would have found this product a year ago.I WOULD DEFINTELY RECOMMEND THIS PRODUCT
 I love Angel Eyes . My chihuahua is cream colored and started to get staining under his eyes . In less than a month Angel Eyes got rid of the stains and his eyes are beautiful .
 My breeder recommended this to me for a bichon frise . My dog has used it since I got him and I 've never seen unsightly tear stains on him .
 This product corrected the brown stains on my dog 's face . The liver flavor helped my dog enjoy her food better as well .
 I have had some great success with using angel eyes for my Bichon Frise . It clears of the tear stains quickly . One issue that I have is that with the beef flavoring my little girl does n't care too much for the flavor . So in my case I have to mix it with something like non-flavored yogurt or something else to have her eat it . If I put it on her food she does n't eat too much . I am going to have to try a different flavor . But overall I love the product and strongly suggest it to anyone who is trying to get rid of those pesky tear stains ...
 This product is terrific . I have seen a remarkable change.I would buy this product again
 I have been using Angel 's Eyes for two years - a month after I got my little devil white toy poodle . It has really worked beautifully . I will never be without it for him . I did try some stuff that you had to wipe on , but really did n't work . This is a no brainer . Try it and you will never want to be without it .
 Angel Eyes really works - although it took almost a month before results were evident . My little blonde Pomeranian 's eyes were badly stained with tears and now he 's almost completely free of any stains . I have cut back -LRB- after two months -RRB- to three times a week and it still seems to be working just fine .
 I have a maltese named lilly and angle eyes works great on her tearstains . It keeps her looking tear stain free !
 After about a month or so of using it as directed on the bottle , we started to notice a real difference in tear staining . No more crusty build-up around the eyes . It does n't prevent the tearing completely , but there 's no longer any red/brown colored stain . Any tearing dries up clear . We had no digestion problems or refusal to eat it . We found it easiest to mix the Angel Eyes powder with some wet food so that everything gets consumed . Overall very satisfied .
 This is the best product for eliminating eye stains ! and I 've tried many . It 's also the easiest . Just add to the dogs ' food . I started seeing results within the very 1st week ! It may seem pricey , but it is definitely worth it ! I love this product and so will your dog !!!
 This does the trick ! She loves the taste and we 've seen no side effects . We now have a beautiful white face and sparkling eyes . This product does contain an antibiotic .
 Amazing ! This is the ONLY product I have ever seen that actually prevents tear stains ! My poodle had a severe buildup of gunk around his eyes , and nothing had ever worked for more than a day or so . After using Angel Eyes for 2 weeks , he was noticeably better , and within a month he was completely clean . No wiping , just put it on your dog 's food and wait for results ! Plus it 's all natural -LRB- just liver ! -RRB- so I do n't have to worry about affecting my dog 's health.I 'm a professional dog groomer , and I 've tried dozens of products . Nothing has worked like Angel Eyes ! I now recommend it to all my customers .
 Angel eyes is the best product that requires very little time for the teary eyes and eye stains in your `` little buddy '' . Just sprinkle on their food and no more problems . I never , I repeat , never have to clean my two poodles ' eyes because there is nothing to clean !!! I understand if the dog does not like it on their food you can put it in the water bowl and they never know the difference . For those out there that are old enough to remember
 I have purchased angel eyes for my white powder puff chinese crested for a year now . . it does exactly what it promises to do ... his eyes and dirty whiskers are have have been good ... it does take 3 to 4 weeks to see clear results but it wil !
 I recently adopted a nine year old fawn colored French Bulldog , who arrived with very stained folds near his eyes . I had never tried Angel Eyes before , but decided to give it a try . After one month , the difference was amazing ! He will now be on the product permanently . Thank goodness I checked out Amazon . The first purchase was at a local discount pet supply store . At the store 's price , the cost was going to be excessive for long term use . I then checked with Amazon , and the cost was half that of the local store . You can bet where my future purchases of this product will be .
 It takes a few weeks , but our poodle/shi-tzu/maltese mix definitely has less staining and fewer `` crusties '' at the corners or her eyes . Be patient ... it works .
 Our dog Sugar is a Maltese Bichon . We started to use Angel Eyes for the terrible stains that she was getting in her eyes and on her feet roughly five years ago . I can tell you first hand , the product works , it is easy to use and the dog will eat it sprinkled right on her food . Could n't be easier and while it is n't cheep , it is worth it !
 I used this product for my puppy about 3 weeks ago , I can not believe what a difference its made around her eyes . she is already the cutest thing ever , but now the stain between her eyes has completly vanished ! she 's adorable
 I ca n't belive this product works so fast !!!! In just a week we noticed a difference , and by the end of the second week we were amazed !!! So glad I found it and was ready to try `` one more '' cure !!! Thank you thank you thank you !!!!!
 We think angel eyes is helping with our dogs mattering around the eyes . It is probably too early to know for sure . We want to use the whole container and get her another grooming before we decide it has worked for sure .
 this stuff really works ! My white Havanese had the red yeast staining under his eyes . It looked terrible . After 3 weeks using this the stain stopped . I cut the dosage to 1/2 t. after the first couple of months .
 We have used Angels ' Eyes tear stain eliminator on our MaltaPoo for several months now . He has no more stains and there are no side effects that we can notice . He is healthy and happy . People ca n't believe he is 12 years old .
 This stuff is amazing . I sprinkle it on my 2 Maltese 's food in the morning and I saw a difference within 2 weeks of using it . Even their groomer noticed a big difference in their tear stains .
 We have a little doggie who has very light colored fur and he always looks like he has make-up under his eyes that is very black . FINALLY after 9 years of trying every product on the market our little furbaby FINALLY has his puppy face back ! this stuff WORKS ! it is well worth the money ! -LRB- although i do wish it was n't so much ! it makes it very difficult for me to continue to get it ! -RRB- but it DOES work ! -LRB- which is rare ! i have tried hundreds of products ! they do n't work ! ... this one does ! -RRB-
 i love this product ! i went a year with my new shitzu and her eyes and face always smelled bad . But this product cleared the smell and the stains ! it is expensive to use it because the length of time and how much daily . we tried to cut back to every other day but the instructions are right , you have to follow them for it to work!were almost to the point where it says discontinue use but im hoping the stains and smell stay away .
 This product is fantastic ! I have tried 3 or 4 other products , none of which worked , and finally found Angels Eyes on Amazon ! My pure white miniature Schnauzer , Max , had that gooey , tear stained eye area and after using Angels Eyes for only a few weeks , the area is almost pure white again . My black and white miniature Schnauzer , Bogart , had discoloration around his mouth where his beard is white . This area is completely white now and looks so much better than before . I ca n't say enough good things about this product . How many times are we , as consumers , promised results which do not materialize . This product delivers . I find myself recommending it to strangers when they comment on how white my `` boys '' fur is . Thank you Angels Eyes!Linda from Denver
 Very good product for tear stains on our Bichon 's face as well as our white Chihuahua . This is a very good price and the delivery was quick .
 This product does wonders for my maltese eyes . Angel Eyes keeps the brown spotting from occurring around my dog eyes . Without this product it would cost me so much money to keep his face clean by the groomer .
 We 've been using this product for years . Our darling Bichon , Shayna , had the most awful stains around her mouth and below her eyes . It got to the point wherewe could not even appreciate her terrifically expressive eyes ! I read an article about Angel Eyes and after checking with our vet decided to try it . We 've used it for aboutthree years now and have never had to worry about ugly stains again . Our vet now recommends it to all her patients with white fur . It 's a great product , we do n't hesitateto recommend it highly !
 Our Maltese suffers from red eyes on his beautiful white face . Angels Eyes is the only product or supplement we found to keep his pretty little face adorable and rust free . Follow the directions , dogs love the taste and the product works -LRB- . -RRB-
 I have an all-white Peekapoo ; when I first got her she had very bad tear stains . I went to the store and bought some tear stain remover in liquid form , but when I applied it did nothing . So I checked reviews online and discovered Angel Eyes . I have to admit I was very skeptical to buy a $ 25 bottle of powder , but I did anyway , and like the other reviewers said , I did not see her tear stains disappear overnight , but I did see results within the first week or two . By a month they were fully gone ! I 've decreased the usage to maybe 2x a week now and have not had any issues.I guess like any other product , some dogs may not take to it very well , but I never noticed any sickness in my dog as a result . In fact , she seems to like the taste a lot . When I was trying to switch her to dry food , I noticed that she ate it more readily if Angel Eyes was sprinkled on top . I 'm not sure exactly why it encourages her appetite but it does !
 We have been using Angels Eyes on our two Maltese Terriers for several years , but it is now more difficult to get here in Europe , and tends to be very expensive . Buying it from an Amazon.com associate was the obvious answer . It arrived quickly , was well packed , and cost less -LRB- including postage -RRB- than any of the European alternatives .
 Pros
 A friend of mine told me about Angel Eyes and how much they liked it . I wanted to try it but first I needed to get my vets . o ` k . She said she has a associate in New York that swears by it so she would give it a o ' k to use . I have 2 shitzapoos . One is black and one is white . Both have the tearing however the white one has a lot of brown on his face and no matter what we use or how much we try to wash it off it just wo n't come off . The black one has a smell on his face from the tearing . I wanted something that would eliminate both things.I started trying to use Angel Eyes on the dry dog food and they would n't eat it . So then I got some plain yogurt and added it to the food and mixed in the sweet potato angel eyes . Very slowly they ate the food . It took us a week and a half to get it so we could sprinkle the angel eyes on top of the yogut which in on top of the dog food and now they come running for it . It took 5 days before I could see a differece in the eyes of the white one . Now a month later when they are groomed all the brown will be cut away on the white dog and the odor on the black one is gone.I am VERY pleased with this product and would recommend it to everyone to try . It is a little expensive but worth every penny .
 Angels ' Eyes really works . My little white ShihTzu looked like a racoon , his eye stains were so bad . He now , 3 months later looks like a baby white seal . Pure white fur under his eyes .
 My two dogs have used this product for 5 yrs now.I have a Silky terrier and a Maltese.They have absolutely no tears stains and their faces always look beautiful!I would encourage anyone to try this product ... it really works -
 I have tried other products and they did not work at all . A friend told me of this product and it is wonderful.This has taken the red tear stains from my dog 's white face . It stops her eyes from watering excessively . Being as I have 2 dogs I usually mix Angel 's eyes with a little yogurt to make sure she is eating it . I have found that when we stop using the product the return of watery eyes and then the stains return.I am thrilled to have my dog 's face look as it should . The stains were ugly !
 We immediately started using the Angels ' Eyes and noticed a difference as soon as Skipper 's hair started growing out . He received a haircut this week and all but a little spec of the browned hair was cut off . He looks so much better !!
 We have been using this stuff for a few weeks for our teacup Malti-poo and it appears to be working - her tear stains are pretty much gone . The only reason I would n't give it five stars is that it is not cheap ...
 My doxie/beagle eyes were tearing excessively . Now that I am using Angel Eyes , the tearing has decreased to about 25 % tearing . I just add it to her food in the am/pm . I would recommend this to any one who 's dog has this problem .
 This product is well worth the cost . My yorkie-maltese mix had horrible tear stains under his eyes for months . I tried topical cleansers , changed his diet , and only gave him distilled water to drink . None of those worked . I was reluctant to spend the money on a product that seemed too good to be true , but I gave it a try and am not disappointed in the least ! After 2 weeks , I noticed a marked decrease in the stains around the lower eye lid and tear ducts . After 3 weeks , I had him groomed and the stained hair removed on his cheeks and muzzle . Its been more than a week since then and the stains have not returned . He takes the product once a day , but I will reduce him to twice a week soon.He prefers to have the powder mixed with a little water and his dry food.It sort of makes a gravy and he eats it right up !
 The product is good . Do n't like the fact that it makes the water look brown therefore it looks like it 's dirty . Besides that , satisfied . Fast shipping
 I started using this about 1 month after bringing my -LRB- then -RRB- 4 year old , maltese home . He had been rescued from a puppy mill , so you can imagine he was n't on the best food for those years . I had tried several other products first , including washing his face daily , and saw no results.Then , about 2 weeks after , the staining began to lighten and within 1 month it was gone!It has been about 15 months later , and people constantly ask me HOW I keep him SO white ! He absolutely gleams after his bath.In addition , his beard is white , too.This is an excellent product that has contributed to his being a healthy , happy , beautiful dog.Amazon has great pricing on this !
 My dog has serious tear stain problem and it has helped tremendously ! When she 's not taking Angels ' Eyes , her tears come back . I 'm completely sold on this product , it 's a miracle ! Thank you !
 I love Angel Eyes . I use it on my Poms and even on my English Bull dog . It stops all that tearing and staining which also eliminates the smell . great product
 This stuff is the greatest for getting rid of those reddish stains on my Maltese . It 's the only thing that works . This is the lowest price on Amazon and packing and delivery are excellent .
 I originally had a difficult time getting my dog to eat it , but then found some food that I could hide this into , and now my dog is completely tear stain free ! We 've been using it every other day now , and will likely decrease to 2x/week . The 120g bottle lasted us over 4 months , so it 's less than $ 10/month . I will not stop using now that I see how beautiful my dog 's eyes can look ! It does take about 6 weeks -LRB- or until next grooming ! -RRB- for the tear stains to go away as the new hair grows in white , so the old stains have to be cut off .
 I love this product . I have two Mal - Shih 's and Angel eyes works great for the stains under their eyes . I have tried other products like the wipes but never saw a difference . With Angel eyes their is a HUGE improvement . Highly recommend this product to other Dog Lovers !!!
 I have a 23 LB poddle , she has had dirty eye for ever , I tried other products , nothing worked , I bought angle eyes three months ago on a recomandation from a friend , it works and it works very fast , with in a few days .
 This item is the only one that works for the red stain that potodles have from their eyes . The only issue I had was with Amazon that did not state which flavor the item was , -LRB- Chicken or Beef -RRB- I wanted the Chicken but received the beef because the ad said misc . I would not have ordered this one had I known it was chicken .
 Within days of starting Agnels Eyes , my dogs tear stains started to disappear . I would recommond this product . The area pet stores around me do n't carry Angels Eyes , but Amazon seemed to have the cheapest prices .
 I tried this product for my malti-poo with perpetual tear stains . Within two weeks her stains were visibly improved . My favorite thing about this product was the surprise benefit . Angel Eyes cured my dog 's halitosis . She has always had terrible breath , even with regular dental hygiene . Just as her tear stains were clearing , we noticed that her bad breath had disappeared . I have no scientific evidence for this effect , just practical experience . Even if the product did not clear her stains , which it did , I would continue to buy it for the dental benefits !
 My poodle used to have tear stains running down his face . Now , he is free of that with the use of Angel Eyes . I am currently on my third bottle of the 120gm . He gets it sprinkled on his food and does n't seem to mind it . Thanks to the use of this , he is no longer red in the face .
 I tried a bunch of different things for my poodle mix and this was the only product that had results . I 've had no problems with it at all .
 I have a Boston Terrier 9 month old with a white patch over one eye . The staining was a real problem . Just 3 weeks ago we started with Angels ' Eyes and she is stain free ! I am a believer !!
 At first I was a bit skeptical on this product , since i did not see any change after the first few weeks . But let me tell you 3 weeks after my pup was taking this she got groomed with all her current stains all cleaned away . It has now been 2 weeks since her grooming and her tears are no longer staining . It is an amazing product so I ordered the larger size .
 I have been using Angel Eyes for a couple of months now and am convinced that it truly works for my two dogs . One is a Bichon/cocker mix and the other is a Shih-tzu . Definitely works on their eye problem . Would definitely recommend to any of my friends with dogs that have the same problem . It 's great for them too because it is natural . Who would have thought !
 I must say I was very skeptical with Angel Eyes , but I have tried alot of other products prior , and nothing worked on my dogs brown stained eyes . Low and behold , within 1 months time , my son , Alex aka my Maltese/Shih Tzu puppy 's eyes are clear , no more brown staining !!! Angel Eyes is not cheap , but well worth every penny . I would recommend it to any dog owner who has encountered the same problem I have .
 I was recommended this product for my indoor Maltese which stains a lot around his eyes . I 've been giving him 1/2 tsp . per day -LRB- 1/4 in the morning , 1/4 in the evening -RRB- , and the differences was noticeable after one week . I used to bring my Maltese to the groomer every other week , and a month has passed w/o professional grooming , and he 's not staining as much .
 Morkie -LRB- Maltese/Yorkie -RRB- has the cutest little face now that those awful stain are gone . Product works in the time frame and as adverstised . Does n't seem to affect the taste of puppy 's food . I feel better knowing that I am taking good care of him and people lavish compliments on him ! Very happy !
 I have a 1 year old Shih Tzu that had horrible matting and tear stains on white fur around his eyes . Within 7 days of starting the Angel eyes it was all gone . He is on just a small maintenance amount daily now and the stains have never come back . I suggest mixing the powder into some wet canned food and serving a little each day after their dry kibble -LRB- unless they are on wet food full time -RRB- . He seems to think the couple of tablespoons of the wet food are his `` treat '' after he eats his dry kibble so it works out well . Angel eyes is great !
 I was sceptical at first ... could any product get rid of the tear stains running down my beautiful white dog 's face . I decided to give ` Angel Eyes ' a try and in less than three weeks I could see a huge difference . The key is to stick with it . Even if you do n't see results right away , do n't stop using the product . It definitely works over time . I would recommend this product to anyone who has a dog with tear stains !
 Angel 's Eyes made such a difference in my dog , I hardly recognize her . She was so rusty , her entire face below her eyes was rust ! Now she 's pure white again . She looks beautiful -LRB- and much younger -RRB- .
 Truly amazing for my 5 month old maltese . . really works ! Just about a month of using it , we can see a remarkable difference .
 product works great - company shipped out same day and I received product in 2 days - excellent service .
 THIS PRODUCT IS THE BEST , I HAVE A MALTESE THAT DOES N'T HAVE THE ORANGE GOO AROUND HIS EYES , I HAVE A CHIHUAHUA MIX , WITH RUNNY EYES AND SHE GETS LICK MARKS ON HER FACE , ANGEL EYES GOT RID OF ALL OF THAT .
 This product is unbelievable . After trying several different items to get rid of the `` Red '' tears and none of them working , I have finally found a dream product . People are always commenting on how great my Maltese 's eyes look !! They ca n't believe that he does n't have the `` Red '' tear staining that all the other white dogs at the dog park have . I have already told many people about this product and how awesome it is .
 While at the vets office I notice a maltese dog with the whitest face and eyes . My little Baci had red marks by his eyes which looked awful . Not matter what I did , I could not remove them . I asked the other owner what he did to keep his dogs fur so white on his face and he told me about Angels ' Eyes . I immediately purchased it and within about 2 weeks , my dogs face was white and beautiful . You just sprinkle a small amount on his food each day and like magic , the red marks are gone . I would recommend this product to everyone .
 I was desperate to get my white toy poodle 's stained eyes to stay away . He was so cute except for these ugly stains around his eyes . He had stains so bad , kids on the street always asked me what was wrong with his eyes . I purchased different products but it was always a waste of money . I heard about different things from Tums to organic dog food to help it . Nothing worked . Cleaning the stains with peroxide on a Q-tip helped a little , but it made me so nervous.I was afraid it would get in his eyes . Finally we tried Angel eyes and it worked . He 's been on it for a couple months and so far so good . I hope it does n't stop working suddenly because he looks beautiful . His eyes are clear and stain free . I mix it in his food and he eats it with no problem . We tried a small bottle first and after good results we ordered the bigger bottle which winds up being more affordable . I would recommend this product to anyone trying to clear up those nasty stains from their white dog 's eyes .
 After a couple of weeks of putting Angels ` Eye in our dogs food his Eye 's improved . No more brown circles around his eyes .
 ANGELS EYES is truely a great product that works like it say 's I have never , ever commented on anything but I just had to share this . This is my 1st review and I can not express enough how great it makes my Maltese look , before she would have these aweful looking tear stains and saliva stains around her mouth but using ANGELS EYES every time at feeding has turned my dog into a great looking pure white Maltese . Iam always getting wonderful remarks on how nice my dog looks and this is all due to ANGELS EYES ... I highly recommend this to any dog owner with tear stain or saliva stain problems .
 My dog 's unsightly tear staining has disappeared and with continued use keeps his eye area white , bright and stain free . He does not exhibit any `` side effects '' from using Angel Eyes and his vet has given the OK to continue using it .
 Angel Eyes works well on our two Maltese who have minimal tear stain because we use it . We also use distilled water for their drinking water and the combination seems to work great .
 We 've used Angels Eyes for over a year on on Bijon Friese and it works as advertised . It was recommended by out Vet and for a few months bought it at a local pet store for OVER $ 80 - we now buy it only from Amazon at less than half the price .
 Angel Eyes does exactly what I hoped it would do ... whiten my dog 's face . Within a week or so she looks great again . The eye stains are gone as well as every place she licks . I highly recommend this product if you have a white dog .
 I use this on my Yorkie 's food every time he eats . It keeps his eyes from making a mess on his face and fur .
 This product works great , my dog 's eyes cleared up in about two weeks and he did n't have any adverse reactions .
 seems to be working . its a bit messy on the beard ! THe eyes are definitely better and his hair is growing faster !
 who would think that a product could work so well ? I have used this for years with my maltese . eyes clear up quickly . i stop use after a few weeks and everything is good . so i use intermittantly as eye problems come and go .
 The Angel Eyes I ordered was shipped in a timely manner as promised . The product is exactly as indicated on the site . A + + + experience with this seller .
 I was sketical about the claims of this product but it really works . My Maltese had a typical bad case of red stains by his eyes caused by some bacteria . This product neutralizes the bacteria and the stain turns clear so the red stains go away.I used the product as direct and within about two months or so the stains dramatically disappeared . If you follow the simple directions on the bottle you ca n't lose . The small sized bottle -LRB- 30 grams -RRB- should last at least 6 to 9 months because after it start working you will cut down the doseage and frequency from daily to twice per week.Try it you will be amazed ...
 I am impressed with this product . It actually works and my dog does n't mind the taste . Would recommend it to anyone with a white dog that tears .
 Angel Eyes makes a big difference in the tearing and staining that is a big problem for my Maltese dog . She has many allergies and her staining problem was huge . For the first time , I have been able to control it so that her face is white like the rest of her . I also phoned my vet to see if this product was compatible with her meds . He said it was perfectly safe .
 I read the reviews before purchasing this product . They are absolutely true !! This product works ! It is the only product that I know of that really works for bad eye stains , and I have been involved with dogs all my life . I purchased this for my Mom 's Lhasa Apso . All I can say is WOW !
 This is absolutely the best product ! It does exactly what it says it will do . Imagine that . This is the only product I use for my dogs tear stains , she does n't have them anymore . Thanks Angel Eyes !
 No more red tear stains ! My dog 's eyes still tear - a little , but his fur is not red any more beneath his eyes . I started him out on HALF the recommended doseage and it works just fine . I asked my vet about it and he said Angel Eyes is safe to use .
 We have only been using this product for a short time , but our dog looks much better already . The tear stains are practically gone.Thank you for a good product .
 We have used this product for some time now and have seen the results . It has stopped the tear staining on both our white dogs completely . We started with the recommended dosage and then tapered it down as time went on to a lower dosage with good results . It is a bit spendy but it does work and a little goes a long way ! The dogs love it too .
 This product definitely works ! I 've tried everything on the market from foods to cleaning pads on my 2 year old maltese . She always had tear stains until I tried angel eyes . Her face is almost completely white . I 've been feeding her this stuff for about 1 month now . One thing , she hates the taste so I mash it with her favorite food -LRB- bananas -RRB- and she goobles it up !
 I am the first one that would cringe at the sound of `` antibiotic '' anything , but I have to sing the praises of Angel Eyes . We tried every natural remedy out there for tear stains on our 5 year old Pekingese and this was the only stuff that actually worked . Her tear stains are gone , and along with them the awful tear stain smell . It took an entire bottle , so about 2 mo worth for us and I mixed it with live culture yogurt and beef broth and there was never any left . We were super skeptical at first because like I said it took the entire bottle to work , then almost over night it seemed her stains were gone . Definitely will be picking it up again if the staining returns .
 If you have a dog with runny eyes that stain the fur around the eyes this product really works . It does take time but if you follow the directions and stick to it it will work . I have a cream poodle and eyes are always tearing but now when they tear it does n't stain the fur
 After a friend recommended it , i used on a maltese white dog and it got rid of the dark tear marks in just a week , it changes the chemical balance in the dog or something like that , but its great , try it !
 Works great ! Tear stains significantly diminished within a couple days . Smells not so good ; maybe we 'll try the chicken flavor when this one runs out . My shi-tzu puppy seems ok with it though .
 We were recommended this product for our miniature poodle last year and have been using it ever since . It definitely helps , and he does n't mind the taste , either !
 I know it works , because when I did n't use it for a week , her eyes started to water again ! It clears up in about 2 days ! All my dogs like the taste also !
 Works great at eliminating staining under our toy pooldle 's eyes . He still has tears and some matting around the eyes , but no more brown stains ...
 My Boston Terrior has a half white face and she has always had really bad , dark brown tears matted in the white fur under her eye . She 's also had problems with brown fur stains around her mouth from drool . I heard about Angels Eyes and gave it a try . Within a few weeks , all of her white fur was super pearly white and even the black fur around her other eye was a pure black and not a murky , brownish-black from the tears . She was n't even producing any excess tears anymore , no matter the color.Dogs that produce so many tears -LRB- and goopy , discolored tears at that -RRB- do so because their tear ducts are inflamed and perhaps a little clogged , sometimes even infected . So the tear ducts work twice as hard , thinking the eye is n't getting enough moisture . But , since the ducts are n't exactly working up to par , these tears are brown and goopy . Not to mention they 're now being produced in excess . Angels Eyes is a mild antibiotic that treats this infection and inflammation , causing the ducts to clear up , which , in turn , causes the ducts to realize they 're now producing a sufficient amount of tears . And because there 's no more infection , the tears return to their healthy , clear color.One con about any antibiotic , however , is this
 Angels ' Eyes really makes a difference for my poodle . No more dark tear stains on her face . It does require continual use , however , to be effective .
 My dog had some serious staining around his eyes . I heard about Angel Eyes from a groomer . I read some good reviews on this product online . Angel Eyes does not work as fast as some folks have stated . But it does take the stain completely away . It took about 3 months for the stains to disappear . It is nice that after the stains are gone that you do n't have to administer this everyday . The directions say that eventually you can use it every 3 days . I have found that the stains have come back when I did that . I just cut the dose in half and give him Angel Eyes every other day . This works great ! I highly recommend this product .
 I love this product . I have a white poodle that had discolor on her eyes . Now she is all white . You have to buy more than one bottle but it is worth it .
 I have purchased Angel Eyes once before for my Boston Terrier / French Bull dog mix , for the occasional black stains that occur down his eyes , and it worked.Again , with this purchase , after about a month , the stains were completely Gone!Just a note to perspective buyers however ... There will be a softening of your animal 's stool , but not to the piont of worry for your pet or yourself ; I just added a bit more kibble to his food and angel eyes mix , and things `` firmed up '' ! I would reccomend Angel Eyes to anyone with a pet that has a similar issue ; you wo n't be sorry .
 I have a white toy poodle/chihuahua mix . Her eyes were darkly stained from the corners all the way down the side of her face . People would ask me what was wrong with her . She was only a year old , but people would assume she was old and sickly . I tried multiple stain removers . My poor dog had her face scrubbed every night with a variety of products . It was not just the staining that was a problem - my dog was always rubbing gunk out of her eyes . I did n't like the idea of my dog taking something internally , but after researching the ingredients I decided to purchase Angels ' Eyes . In less than a week her eyes stopped tearing . I trimmed away the stained hair and have not been troubled with it since . It is not just lessened - it is totally gone . She looks amazing . I am very satisfied with my purchase .
 Angel Eyes works beautifully . The new hair growth is stain free and as the old hair grows out and is trimmed you get this cute clean , stain free face !!! The only complaint I have about this product is that it is VERY pricey.Josie M
 Seems to working , but my dog does not like the flavor much , have to give less then directions but seems to be working .
 I was skeptical about using this for my morkie , but within about 2 weeks saw clear results . we use less than the amount directed and it still works . we had also tried adding cider vinegar to to his water -LRB- a common treatment -RRB- , which did not work for us . highly recommend this item .
 My two year old , 7lb bichon developed dark brownish-red -LRB- almost black -RRB- stains under her eyes and lesser staining around her mouth . We trimmed , bought a number of mild pet wipes , and commercial pet external liquid products . We changed her food to Iams -LRB- as we noticed cheaper food seemed to make it worse -RRB- and nothing worked . I read about a bunch of products online and when I walked into our local petstore and saw Angel Eyes , remembering the positive reviews , I decided to give it a try . At the same time , I bought Eukenuba food for her . Finally !!!! A product that worked !!!!! Within a week , we started to notice a difference . We follow the directions and are just about done with the 30oz bottle and she 's almost completely white again . She still tears , but the tears are clear now and there 's no build up -LRB- she used to get brown chunkies near her tear ducts -RRB- . We are weaning her off now as the directions instruct and after her next trim , her fur will certainly be completely white again . Thanks to Angel Eyes and Eukenuba !!!!!
 I am very impressed with the effectiveness of Angels Eyes . My 6 yr old Maltese had terrible tear stain on her face and paws . I was very worried that this product might have adverse effects , but have used it for about 8 weeks and have had no problems . I took it to my vet and he told me the two ingredients -LRB- liver and a mild antibiotic -RRB- were not harmful . As a matter of fact , he was impressed and took all the information so he could get some !! I have seen a huge improvement and I 'm not even giving my dog the full recommended dose .
 I am VERY happy with the product Angel Eyes . I must say that I was skeptical but had nothing to lose by trying your product . Now I am a dedicated customer who will sing praises regarding Angel Eyes . It is unbelievable the difference that it has made in my dogs appearance . I give it five paws ...
 Someone recommended this to me . I told my groomer I was going to use it . She uses it as well . I have a Yorkie who gets those brown stains . Yes , it blends better than on a white dog , but still looks bad and smells . Within a week I saw an improvement . He has been on it for about a month . His eyes do n't have those yucky stains . I am happy not to see them and he enjoys it sprinkled on his food.Try it you will be happy , I promise !!!
 I have had Panda on this product for 2 weeks and already her eyes are clearing up . A little more hair growth and a trim will have her face completely white
 My White fluffy shitzu/bichon mix had dark orange rust colored staining all around her mouth , chin and front paws . I tried using low dye food , whitening shampoos and other stain remover products . All of this was expensive and time consuming with no improved result . I finally tried angel eyes hoping for some noticable improvement . By 6 weeks our dog was stain free ! She did get professionally trimmed by a groomer which helped completely rid what was left of any staining.It 's been 2 years and she is down to twice a week with Angel Eyes . We had no problem with her eating the powder coated food . I reccomend adding food to the bowl , then powder and shaking the contents to evenly coat all food morsals . This way finicky pups wo n't eat around the coated parts . You can also try adding a tablespon of `` warm '' water to the mix , swirl mixture around in the bowl to make a little broth . This also brings out the auroma of dry food.We did n't need to use any of these tips . But do n't give up using this product do to a finicky eater . You will be pleasantly surprised at the out come and the cost , especially here at Amazon , will be worth every penny .
 My bichon has horrible tear stains all over his face . After using this for a month , he look like a different dog !!! The new hair grew in pure white . I gave him a hair cut and cut off the old stains , and his face was ALL WHITE ! No stains at all !! It 's been five month now , and his face is still perfect !! I wish I could upload a pic ! My friends and family ca n't believe it 's ths same dog .
 It works , even with a dog with above average tearing . Just make sure you 1 -RRB- provide it daily , 2 -RRB- do not skimp on the amount , use the exact recommended amount every day even though it may say 4 days per week , and 3 -RRB- do a daily dab in the nasal corner of the eyes with a damp paper towel to wipe up any crusting .
 Angels ' Eyes has made an amazing difference in the appearance of our white/apricot Shih-Poo . None of the cleaning products at the pet stores really made a difference at all . The tear stains were running down his eyes into his beard . I was constantly wiping and cleaning his eyes and it made little to no difference . After a couple of weeks of using Angels ' Eyes the difference was apparent . After following the instructions for the time indicated on the bottle , we continue to use it every couple of days , just a little sprinkle in his food and his tear stains are almost non-existent . He looks wonderful !! I guarantee you will love this product .
 As a last resort , I tried Angel Eyes for my dog . I have tried all types of cleansers , including bleach , but with this I can actually see a difference .
 This stuff is great , fast and safe to use !!! My poor dog looked so ugly with those messy eye stains ... They were gone in 2 weeks . It 's been months now and she is still gorgeous without taking this anymore . You must continue the whole cycle for the 3 months to toatlly clear the red yeast out of the tear ducts my vet told us , so stick with it ... . Get some today !!!
 Our two white shitzu dogs can not go without their `` Angel Eyes '' . It just looks bad to see dogs , espcially white haired dogs with that rusty colored stain under their eyes and around their mouth 's . Great , Great Product and this was an `` Amazon Verified Purchased '' . Thank you ...
 After 3 vet visits , eye staining , antibiotic drops and hundreds of dollars I tried Angel Eyes for my spaniel-chi 's tearing eyes . Within 2 days the tears were completely gone !! I ca n't believe the vets did n't think to mention this product ! I am so happy that we are treating the problem and not just the symptoms by giving him a supplement that his body needs . I will write more if he has any kind of rebound tearing but for now I ca n't recommend this product enough !
 Earlier this year , our Shih-Poo started developing red stains under eyes . She 's always had some staining , but it was getting progressively worse with her tears & stains where I did n't realize how bad until I compared pictures recently . I tried everything I could think of , raw diet to distilled water , other powder supplements , vitamens , etc. . The only thing that has made a total difference within a short time frame -LRB- 2 months -RRB- was Angel Eyes . She 's a picky eater . . and wo n't eat the beef or chicken , however the sweet potato has been great so far . We just started our 2nd bottle last week . . almost all her red tear staining is gone and new beige hair has grown out stain free . This product definitively works !
 I have a white havanese who has lot of tear staining and staining on the muzzle from water . I have tried many different natural remedies with very limited effect . I wash her eye area 4-5 times a week but still the staining occurs . I have been using it for about a month and find that the staining is decreasing . I am told as she gets older that this will not be so much of a problem . I give it to her about 5X a week . I recommend it to others who have problems with it . Yes I know that it has a low antibiotic in it , but if it works use it . I have found no health problems with her since I 've been using it .
 I have a Bichon Frise , and without this product , the fur around her eyes are a nasty brown color . With Angel Eyes , it keeps her eyes from tearing and her fur unstained and clear .
 I first used a small bottle of sweet potato flavor that I bought from a local pet store . Her tear stains were really bad and her whole muzzle was that ugly red orange color , it almost looked painful and it made her face smell horrible . After using it for a few weeks I noticed the new growth was growing in white so I continued to use it until the bottle was gone and then I tried using tear stain remover solutions to lighten the already stained area . I tried several different ones that did nothing and then found a 2-step product called Eye Envy and that help alot . About a month ago I realized the tear stains were starting again and I was told by my friend that I did n't use it long enough that i had to use it for at least a year so that it would n't come back . Good thing Amazon had 120 gram bottle for a lot less . I was n't trilled about having to use it for awhile longer but at least I wo n't have to use it forever . And it 's a lot cheaper than the pet store . It 's a sacrifice that 's worth it because her face is so much prettier and smells so much nicer without that wet stinky tear stained hair .
 Yes , this product really works . No , it does n't work overnight . However , after only a week , my little Luna 's fur -LRB- pug/terrier/troll doll mix -RRB- starting growing in as white as could be ! Luna is a fussy eater , but she loved the taste of this sprinkled on her food . It is a bit pricey -LRB- When purchased at my groomer 's , it was $ 24.95 for a 30 gram bottle . -RRB- , and we went through the bottle quite quickly . Just when we started seeing results , the bottle was empty . Interesting note
 This product really works . Just follow the directions and you will see results within the first month . As the hair grows out , it will be free of stains .
 I love Angels ' Eyes ! This product works beautifully on my two Maltese 's . When I rescued the my first dog , his eye stain problem was horrible . . I never thought I could clear it up . I purchased many products from the pet store . Nothing worked . Then I found Angels ' Eyes . After just three weeks I saw a great improvement . I used it on him for only 6 months . To this day there are virtually no eye stains . He is a beautiful , very white dog.My new Maltese had a much more severe eye staining problem . I have been using it for more than 6 months . It is clearing up but not as quickly as with my first dog.I am extremely happy with the product . I am , however , disappointed that this new bottle of Angels ' Eyes did not come with a measuring spoon . This product is a little pricey , but well worth it . I feel it 's very safe , too .
 I have a mini schnauzer that have reddish beard and we have tried other products with out result . This product seams to work , have used it for two month now and we can see a marked result .
 I bought this for my maltese to get rid of the yucky eye stains ... . it worked over a period of a week or so ... although he did not like the tast -LRB- i bought beef -RRB- i mixed it with some can food for dogs and he ate it right up ...
 This stuff really works and my dog loves the taste . I put it in an egg for him . No more tear stains . He is a maltise and he stays white all the time now .
 We have been using Angels ` Eyes for the past 3 years . I ran out and tried something else for the tear-stainsand it did n't work as well , so we are back .
 We have used Angel Eyes Tear-Stain Remover for dogs since we have owned the Maltese breed of dog . It keeps the orange stain free from their eyes and face ! Our dogs always look clean and white ! And the dogs do n't mind having it sprinkled over their food every few days . We questioned our vet about the product and he said he has heard nothing but good things about it . He has never serviced an animal that ever had a reaction to the product . And he likes what he sees when we bring our dogs in for their annual checkups ! Needless to say , we would recommend this product highly to anyone that wants to keep their pet clean of all staining around the eyes and face .
 I ca n't comment on how this product works because I ca n't get my dog to eat it ! I have virtually no sense of smell and even I can smell it ! It 's just awful , I do n't blame her for not wanting it!I ca n't believe no one has commented on the smell yet.EDIT
 Works as advertized . Tear stains were almost gone in 1 week . The stain was non-existant in 2 weeks . My Maltese puppy has never looked whiter . I am very statisfided with this product .
 It really does stop the rust colored stains caused by tears . We have only been using it for 30 days but we can already see a big difference .
 I have a bichon frise and it really works on her ! No dark-colored staining under her eyes .
 I found this product to be excellent for my shih tzu . Her eyes drain a lot and the stains on her face were really bad . After using the product I noticed a difference within a couple of weeks . Unfortunately if you stop using the product the problem returns but I now make it a point to keep it part of my feeding regime . She does n't mind the taste either which is another plus .
 My sweet Bichon has the most beautiful face now that I have him on Angels ' Eyes Tear-Stain Remover . Not only is it a wonderful product that preforms as advertised , the price can not be beat ! I sprinkled the recommended amount for his size on his food daily until the staining had diminished . After four months , I am now able to cut down the dosage to four days each week . If you want your best friend to have a beautiful face without tear staining , you can not go wrong with this product . I just wish I had known about it sooner !
 Got the product in record time . Works wonders on the stains on my dogs eyes .
 I own Cavaliers and some of them have tear stains and others do n't . The vet said it 's just genetics like humans with allergies . When things start blooming in the spring , the eyes start watering which leads to tear stains . I would n't use this long term since I 've read online that it does contain a mild antibiotic , but after one bottle , I can tell a big difference in my dogs . I 'm going to use one more bottle of it and I 've heard you can stop for a while . It is NOT an overnight wonder though . I had to use it several weeks to see any difference . Four stars because of the price - it is expensive although Amazon has one of the best prices out there . Get a 120 gram bottle though - I bought a 30 gram first and it lasted like two weeks . NOT enough to get the full effects .
 I have been using this product on my white-haired dog for three years now and it is awesome . He does n't get any of the discoloration under his eyes that you normally see on a white-haired dog . I will always use this !
 This was such a good price I snatched it uup right away . The last bottle I bought lasted me over 1 yr , and it cost me $ 62 . . It really does work so if you have a dog that is light colored aroung the eyes and mouth , use this product and the pink and brown stains will go way , your dog will look much better
 My Maltese is 3 years old and I have constantly battled the ugly tear stains around his eyes . I have tried numerous products and have found nothing that has worked until I tried Angel Eyes . He no longer has that `` goopy '' brown discharge around his eyes and he looks awesome . This product is definitely worth a try and very easy to use .
 We have been using Angel Eyes -LRB- beef flavor -RRB- for about 2-3 weeks on our 2 maltese , and it has really helped w / the tearing and staining . I just sprinkle a little on their food . They dont seem to mind the taste , and have not had any adverse reactions . I do n't use alot , just 5 sprinkles , once a day . They are approx . 4-5 pounds each . As they get bigger I will give a little more . The pups are 4 months old . So far , the product has not completely taken away tearing BUT it has HELPED alot !! YES to ANGEL EYES , use a liitle less than what the product prescribes , that is why I think others have complained of their dogs getting sick . You should start w / less , then add-only if it is not working in a week or so . Thanks ANGEL EYES !!
 The product works very well . Our dog is a shi-poo with the staining problem around his eyes . He eats it spinkled on his food in the morning and the results have been amazing . His black goo has gone away . We noticed an improvement right away . There have been no loose stools or throwing up so the product does n't have after effects.We have been using the product for four months .
 I have a Maltese -LRB- little white yappy dog -RRB- that looked so dreadful from fur stains . He would lick his fur constantly in the summer and no amount of bathing or brushing would make him look presentable . I moisted his dry dog food with a few drops of water , dusted it with Angels ' Eyes and in one week , he was greatly improved . After a month , he was white EVERYWHERE again . I bought the large container and have found I needed so little , I have shared with friends and every one has said they had an incredible difference.Trust me , this is cheap compared to all the special soaps , shampoos , and other useless stuff I tried . Hands down a winner .
 After many years of dealing with tear-stains , this product worked miracles in just two months .
 I have a Bichon and until I started using Angel Eyes , the hair beneath the eyes and around the mouth was stained . This product works wonderfully and my Bichon has an angelic totally white face .
 This product is amazing ! Use daily as instructed and the tear stains go away . I have a Bichon that normally tear stains develop but using this product actually stops this from happening . I will continue buying this product !
 this is a `` refill '' in that I needed more for my little fluffy white dog . The instructions say to cut down after so long . I did that and the color started to come back , so I just cut back according to how my dog needs it . It appears that there are times in the spring and summer that he just needs to take it more often , which I think is due to stuff in the air . Anyway , I like the product .
 Not only did this product clear up my dogs eyes and made his fur totally white but his eyes did n't water anymore and he stopped rubbing his eyes .
 There was a visable difference after 2 weeks of use . I would recommend this product .
 Missy , my white toy poodle , had serious tear stains that were impossible to get rid of . I used Angel Eyes when she was a puppy and it worked like a charm , but did n't refill because of the cost . I tried some home methods , but nothing worked ; so I 'm back with Angel Eyes and , again , her eyes are beautiful . I mix a dose with a couple of spoonfuls of vanilla yogurt to make sure she gets the full dose . It 's a little pricey , but well worth it . Nothing works better !!!
 We have 2 Bichons and have tried all the different remedies to get rid of , or prevent tear stains in our beloved pets , nothing worked !! Then we tried Angel Eyes , GREATEST PRODUCT EVER !!! No more stains and we could see results in the new hair growth within 2-3 weeks . Now you can just see those beautiful Bichon eyes instead of the brown stains . We 'll never be without this product . PS : our dogs prefer the beef to the chicken flavor .
 We 've used Angelseyes for a month with our Bichon Friese . We are happy to note that the dark tear stains are already diminishing . She looks much better !
 I have only been using this on my Havernese for about 3 weeks , but I can already see results . His eyes are so much better and the stains around his mouth are disappearing too . I am so glad someone introduced me to this product . Sam did n't care for it at first , -LRB- I tried it with peanut butter -RRB- , but mixing it with canned food works well and he licks the bowl clean !!
 I have 2 cocker spaniels that had stains from their eyes and after giving them the Angel Eyes for 1 month the eyes cleared up and the brown stains were gone.We now only give them the Angel Eyes every other day and have cut down the doseage and the stains have not returned . Have been giving this to them for 5 months and will continue .
 Works great for the 4YO Shih Tsu and the 10MO Bichon ! A bit pricey , though .
 I have a cream colored poodle and a white chihuahua . Over the last year or so my poodle had started having real problems with tear stains under her eyes . She looked really bad and nothing I tried topically seemed to even touch the problem . Finally I asked my groomer what she would recommend and she told me about Angel eyes . I ordered the product and boy did it work ! The instructions said it would take about 3 weeks to see results and they were right . I decided to go ahead and start my chihuahua on the product as well as a preventative measure -LRB- he is just a year old and had n't started having problems with tear staining yet -RRB- . Because my dogs are small and tend to pick at their food , I did follow the recommendation to sprinkle the powder on a small amount of wet dog food and they gobble it right up . They think it 's a treat ! I would highly recommend this product to anyone whose dogs are experiencing tear staining problems . It really does work !!!
 We love this product . It has helped our Bichon 's tear-stained eyes tremendously . She hardly has any stains at all . Even the groomer comments about it .
 When I ordered angel eyes for my little dog , had no idea it would work so well and be so inexpensive through Amazon ... will order from you again
 I have been using this product on my dogs white Lhasa Poo and gold black Shih Tzu and it works great . Makes it easier to clean up their eyes . Also , this 240g bottle is very cheap comparing to other stores and it lasts ...
 I always hated that my Maltese have the tear stain . My friend recommended this product to me and said it really works . I tried it and was very happy with it . It really got ride of the tear stain . I always though that my dog is really cute as is , but to remove the tear stain , she is adorable .
 This product is incredible ! My 11-year-old coton de tulear began having a large amount of tearing and staining just last year , about 2 years into a diagnosis of Addison 's Disease and medication that includes a daily dosage of prednisone and monthly shots of percorten . After less than a month on Angel Eyes , not only has the staining cleared up , but the tearing as well ! I have only given her 1/2 the dose per day the entire time . For my dog , Angel Eyes has worked miracles !
 Love the sweet potato , seems less messy . Works AMAZING on my doggies ; their eyes are clear and not running anymore . Great shipping and price .
 Angel eyes really works . I used it a year or so ago on my little Maltese/shih tzu mix to get rid of the red eye stains . Worked like a charm . I noticed recently the stain were trying to return . I got a new bottle , used it just a couple of weeks and the stains disappeared again . I keep it on hand to use if the stains try to reappear because it works so well . Great stuff !
 I recommend this product to dog owners who is having a hard time with their dogs tears staining their fur under eyes . Takes couple weeks to work , which is what product says , but it 's worth it . The price is well worth it an I found it cheaper here than anywhere else . Give it a try !!
 Great price for the quantity . Bought this product at a pet store , paid almost as much and it lasted less than a month . This product has given my little Havanese look wonderful instead of having all those black eye stains .
 I have tried other products to remove the stains under our dogs eyes , and the process of wiping near his eyes was unpleasant for both me and the dog , with only minimal results . A friend of mine , as well as a groomer recommended this product . Angels Eyes prevented further staining and once the old stain was groomed away , our dog has remained stain free ever since . He loves the taste and has had no side effects in the year and a half since we started using it , and it has brightened his white coat overall . Great product !
 My beautiful Shiba Inu started looking like Tammy Fay 6 months after we moved back to Florida . Not sure what caused it - we tried changing water to filtered , changing food 3x and finally decided to give Angel Eyes a try . It has been a month and the oozing has stopped and the stains are beginning to fade as she sheds . She is due a bath , which will help , but at this rate she should be back to her beautiful self by end of next month.Buy the stuff .
 I have a solid white Maltipoo and after just one week , her eyes completely stopped draining ! This product is easy to use and my dog does n't seem to mind the taste at all . She is a picky eater so I was concerned about that . I would highly recommend this product ! It 's well worth the price because the nasty rusty eye drainage really looks ugly and now she looks like all the dogs you see in magazines or on TV !
 I have been using this product for awhile now . I wrote a paper on tear stains and needed a case study and while researching came across this product . I started using just for the paper 's sake and with the research and the clear evidence that my Pomeranian has no more tear stains it diffinatly works .
 Raising dogs , I have had many who have had tear stains - I groom them , keep them clean around the eyes - however to no avail . I had heard from a friend with a maltese that she used this and was thrilled with it so I bought it . All 6 of my dogs now have clean faces and eyes that are no longer dripping . I think this is a must have and everyone should just do it right the first time and buy Angel Eyes
 This is a wonderful product ! It helped out so much with my Havenese 's tear stains ! Results in days ! The price was right , shipping was free and it was delivered quickly ! Very happy with purchase !
 This product , Angel Eyes , works beautifully . I ca n't do without it for my little white dog . My grandchildren were always asking what was wrong with her eyes because of the stain . It took only about a week of use and her tears no longer stained the hair around her eyes . Also , my dog loves the taste . A great product !!! http://www.amazon.com/Angels-Eyes-Tear-Stain-Eliminator-120-Gram/dp/B000HQHUFA
 This is an excellent product and does actually prevent the dark ugly tear stains from marring the beautiful face of my white poodle . I highly recommend it to anyone who 's dog has this problem .
 Great Product - have used on and off for 2 years . Changing food helps for a time , but then the tear stains come back . My white faced Boston Terrier is now stain free , again . Highly recommend this seller and the product . The cost is more than $ 20 less compared to the distributor online and at the petstore .
 Angel Eyes for Dogs is the most amazing product I have ever used . It completely removes any staining from around the eyes . Amazon.com has the best price by far . Thanks Amazon !
 My Casper , a maltese , had the orange colored stains when we first brought him home . Cleaning and bathing did not help rid the stains . I came across the angel eyes and decided to puchase from Amazon -LRB- definately the cheapest I could find -RRB- . Casper is only 8 lbs and almost a year old and he does not eat very much , so getting him to eat 1/2 tsp every day of the Angel Eyes did not work for us . We fill up his bowl with his dry dog food and sprinkle approx . 1tsp on top and then gently mix it around his food . His bowl of dog food , about 2.5 cups , lasts him approx 2-3 days . After the first week of using Angel Eyes we noticed a difference and maybe close to 2 weeks , his stains near his eyes faded completely . His eyes do not leak constantly any longer . He does get normal darker eye crust in the corners , but not the orange gooky stuff . We are definately buying more and will possible try the ship and save to save on shipping and to get a bigger discount . The smaller bottle - 30g , has lasted us 3.5 to 4 months .
 I was sceptical about this product considering all the research I did saidthat the dark stains were genetic or from allergies and could not be corrected.This product really works . I am thrilled with the results . Our dog is aMaltese and she is so pretty without the dark stains under her eyes !
 This product is great even though the first time I used it , I did not know it had a anti-biotic . Did not do anything to my Lhasa Apso , or my mini-pincher who at the remaining food which was n't much . My dogs eyes when I could n't afford it did tear up nearly as bad as it was . It is quite a great product and my vet recommended it . However you should talk to your vet and if your dog as a adverse reaction to it stop using it and I believe that you can return it to the company for a refund . It is a powder , requires wet food for the dog to take . Hiding it in the food is the easiest way to get them to take the medicine . It took a week for me to notice a significant change I still had to clean his eyes out . Now all I got to do is remove the dried tears and it is not brown like it used to be . Another thing that this product does is whiten my dogs coat . My two toned Lhasa Apso was more noticeable than prior to the product . Please always when starting any new medicine like with people please consult your vet prior to use .
 I bought this product with a lot of skepticism , but it really worked !!! My dog no longer has the tear stains on her face ! Although the price seemed a bit steep , it is well worth the price as you use a very small amount and the best thing is that it works !!!
 This is the best ever product at eliminating tear stain in white and light colored dogs . I have a bichon frise ' and use it frequently . It is very palatable mixed with dog food and she never turns it down .
 I used Angel Eyes with my tiny toy poodle . He is white and the red stains coming from his eyes were unsightly . After two weeks with Angel Eyes , his eyes still drain , but not with the redness and staining . I was pleasantly surprised with this product and would purchase it again .
 I have an apricot toy poodle and after only two weeks I could start telling a difference.It has been about a month and a half and her eyes look wonderful !!! No more stains . Thisstuff really does work . I bought some can dog food and mix it in with about a tablespoonof food . She thinks its a treat . I have n't had any problems with her eating it . I woulddefinitely recommend Angels Eyes !
 My little maltese had the worst runny eye problem . My groomer told me to get Angel Eyes . After 2 months my llittle dog has about 90 % clear eyes . Everyone has comented on her improvement , Thanks for a great product .
 I have used Angel Eyes for my Maltese , and see fantastic results ... used as directed it clears up red stain and maintains that clear look.Great deal to purchase on Amazon !
 This is my third bottle of Angels ' Eyes , and I love it ! It helps keep my dog 's white fur around her eyes clean .
 Angel Eyes is a wonderful product , it really starts working right away . Its important that when you start using the product , you first clean the eyes and cut the red hair around the eye because the hair that is already red is not going to get white . All the new hair will grow in clean and stay clean , when you use the product.I have 4 maltese and it worked on all four of them . I bought this from Amazon.com .
 My English Bulldog puppy had such severe tear stains that it almost looked like rust was in his eye folds . I tried cleaning the stains with topical solutions which I used multiple times every day . Nothing worked . The stains were still terrible and very dark . I asked my vet if she had any suggestions and she said her mom was using Angel Eyes on her white lab and she was pleased with the results . I ordered it and almost 3 weeks later the stains were all gone ! I am so happy with this product . I now give him a teaspoon every 2 days and it maintains the area stainfree !
 I bought my bichon poo in July , he is an all white dog . His eyes teared and the tears had a reddish tint to them so under his eyes also had the reddish tint -LRB- he looked kind of homely -RRB- . I started using angel eyes in August and after the first bottle one of his eyes had completely cleared up , the other was almost clear but not quite . As of today I am about half way through my second bottle and both his eyes are clear which makes him look so much better . I have heard that once the eyes are clear you can begin using the product every other day but I have to research that more . As of now he will continue to get it daily . I 'm so happy to have found such a great product .
 I have a tiny maltese whom I rescued . Her face was practically brown and her coat had a stench to it . After using Angel Eyes , people asked whether she was an `` expensive '' dog . The effect of this product was nothing short of amazing . I discontinued it only to have some slight tear staining return so commenced it once again . Of course , I use it in conjunction with a nutritious diet with no wheat or corn for my lovely maltese . I also use a probiotic which is important for dogs with tear staining .
 At first my Pomeranian would always have tear stains . But after about a month of using this product mixed with its food , the tear stains would be a lot easier to clean or would hardly even stain around the eyes . Wonderful ! I need to buy more .
 we have a 10 year old bishon frise and he has always had what i call black lava crusting around his eyes his previous owners tried everything the vet gave them and more to clear it up and nothing worked . so as a last ditch effort on my part i decided to try angel eyes . it took about a month to start seeing a difference but WOW what a difference it was no more black lava i can see his eyes and even his beard is coming in white . i would absolutely suggest this to anyone who 's pet has a problem with stains or worse . just make sure to reorder before you run out i waited till i was out and had to wait a cpl of weeks and started to see the black coming back .
 We were really doubtful about this stuff but our dogs ' eyes were in such poor shape , discharge and streaks across the nose/snout area , that we were willing to try anything . The vet was unable to find a solution so we ordered one small batch and within a week or so on the first dog , the improvement was noticeable . Now both dogs are getting some of this stuff twice a week and it works . The stains are gone and the eyes are in better shape than ever . It 's pretty expensive which is a real pain but `` whatcha gon na do ? ''
 I 'd tried pretty much everything on my pomapoo 's staining problem . The cleaning pads , solutions and had even tried a homemade potion suggested on the internet , nothing worked -LRB- and my poor baby almost went BLIND ! -RRB- . Then I purchased this product and after about a week I 'd noticed her staining was almost gone . Her eyes were clearer and even the daily cleaning was easier . Try this !
 I have a mini-poodle and a bichon-pooh both are white and get really ugly tearstains . I started using Angel Eyes a few years ago and have added it to our grooming regiment . Sometimes I take a break from giving the dogs the Angel Eyes and the tearstains come back but that 's expected but after we start back within a week you can see a dramatic difference ! Thanks Angel Eyes !
 Seeing our `` angel '' is all white , the Angel Eyes product has been wonderful . She has never had any `` rust '' from licking or from her tears . Definately a great product .
 We were not sure if this product does what it says , we saw results within 30 days ,
 We 've been using this product for about 1 month now and it does seem to help . My dog 's stain is reduced a lot since using this product . We 've ordered the 240 Gram and the bottle seems to be half full . Since we did n't have anything to weight it , we were n't sure if it is really 240 Gram . Other than that , I would recommend this product .
 This has solved the problem of red stains under the eyes of my white teacup poodle .
 does what it says it will do . my two light-colored poodles no longer have the dark stains under their eyes . been using product since 1st week of October , 2008 . i customized their feeding doses , though.the taste is not attractive to them . i buy beef liver flavor ... they 're allergic to chicken . how about bacon flavor or lamb flavor or liver flavor?thank you for making this type of product .
 I 've been using the Angels ' Eyes on our white & tan Lhasa for about a month . Her tear stains are completely gone and the stains on her paws -LRB- where she licks occasionally -RRB- seem to have diminished some , as well.She loves the taste of the powder and waits until I have put it in her dish before she will eat her dry food . The only problem is that the powder goes to the bottom of the bowl and gets wet as she tries to lick it up . A good bit gets in her `` beard '' and must be wash out each morning after her dose.It would be better , in our case , if the product were made into 1/2 teaspoon tablets , which could be give as a treat -LRB- in her case , she 'd get two per day -RRB- .
 I am so pleased with Angels Eyes . I just wish I had found it a year earlier . My Maltese had tear stains and stains around his mouth . This product cleared them away and now he has a nice white face . I just sprinkled the powder on his food and that was it . He did n't seem to mind it at all , and it worked wonders . Not only did the eye stain clear , so did the food/water stains . Could n't be happier with Angels Eyes.Marilyn Kearns
 This stuff is amazing . I was wary and waiting for it not to work , but it did ! My Bichon had severe staining around her eyes and it cleared up in only 3 weeks . Every time I snip off a little of the old stain around her eyes & mouth she looks even brighter . I am pleasantly surprised , and I give this product a `` way up high five ! ''
 This is an awesome product for my maltese . I have used it for 2 years and she has no staining or discharge near her eyes . Easy to use and it does the trick !!!
 This product is worth every penny . Follow the directions and you will see results in you puppy . Very Satisfied ; -RRB-
 My precious Maltese eats raw food so he knows the taste of real liver and real chicken and he can smell those flavors of Angel Eyes no matter how cleverly I conceal them in small gel caps in his food . -LRB- I put my finger in the jar and licked it once . My whole tongue went numb and the bitter taste lasted an hour . -RRB- However , he tolerates the sweet potato flavor . It works like a dream and he gets compliments on his snowy face everywhere we go . Also , he has a picky tummy - which is what lead me to the BARF -LRB- bones and raw food -RRB- diet in the first place . -LRB- Do your dogs a favor and feed them REAL food , not meat-flavored cereal with diseased animals parts mixed in . You will send me blessings and thanks forevermore if you do . -RRB- The Angel Eyes product has never upset his stomach once in the six months I have been giving it to him . I confidently recommend it .
 My little 5 lb . Maltese looks so angelic except for his stained face . It is now starting to grow in white again which will allow him to show how truly beautiful he is again . I 've tried a lot of different products but this is the only one that works . Thank you Angels Eyes !
 Fresco has only been using Angel Eye 's for about 3 weeks ! Already there is a BIG difference ! I was having to clean his eyes , with a warm washrag , every couple of days to get rid of the horrible build up of red/brown nasty gunk that had collected . Sine starting Angel Eye 's , I 've only slightly had to wipe them . Not to mention , he 's looking so much better ... happier !! Best thing I could of ever done for my little guy was to get him started on Angel Eye 's ! I ca n't wait to see how good they get in a couple of months !!!
 Our Shih tzu has had eye coloring problems over her 6 year life and this product does an excellent job . My only complaint is that it comes in a too small size for what is needed over a 6 months period . .
 I have a male Shih-tzu and since he was little he had excess discharge from his eyes , making his beautiful white fur around the eyes become brown and smelly . I called the company directly to find out if the excess discharge was also going to subside . They could n't tell me for sure , so I decided to give one bottle a try and see . I was so surprised ! He stop having discharge within the first two weeks and now a month later he does n't have any more unsightly stains around his eyes.Yesterday I took him to be groomed and he looks perfect . I am sold on this product and would recommend it to anyone who asks.Dr . Monica Diedrich
 Product worked quickly on my maltipoo . She does n't seem to mind the taste of this product when mixed with her food .
 Angel Eyes Tear Stain Remover for Dogs . This product works for the red tear stains and its easy to use . My Bichon 's tear stains were n't too bad and this has cleared it right up . I 'm on my 2nd bottle and every other day at this point . I just spray her food lightly with water and sprinkle the powder on top . She loves it !
 We have been using this product for over a year now and it works great . This is the only product we have found that actually does clear up the tear stains .
 I have a 6 yr old Bichon Frise . This last yr she started getting brown stains around her face , and tear stains . She is on filtered water and is on a grain-free food . I tried for a year with the food and water to see if the stains would go away . I also tried a different version of ` angel eyes ' , which did not work . Within 3 wks of using Angel 's Eyes the brown is now gone .
 This stuff is amazing clears tear stains right up and I highly recommend . I used it on my Maltese and my shih tzu . I would buy again .
 this product is the best . it works great on my two cockers eyes . before we had used it they had very runny dark lines in the corner of their eyes . after we had applied this product in a matter of a week or so the lines and darkness had stopped . we do recommend this to anyone who have dogs with this problem .
 Product really works and this was a real bargain based on prices seen elsewhere . Received in a very timely manner .
 So far , have only used it for 2 months , and my maltipoo 's eyes no longer have tear stains . Would highly recommend this product .
 I have a little white poodle that had really bad tear stains in his eyes . My mom told me about this product so I figured I would try anything to get rid of the stains . Within about 2 weeks his eyes totally cleared up ! I use it about 4 times a week now . It 's def . a great product , at a great price .
 We 've used this product for years to eliminate the staining on our Maltese dogs.Works great ... large size bottle also cuts cost significantly
 It is n excellent product , I used it before and it does the job - clears stains from my dog coat , not just tear stains but also stains from other body parts , where he licks or chews his coat.I previously used the sweet potato taste and I preferred its smell over the beef taste , but it seems that my dog does not see the difference.I would recommend the product to any dog owner - it is pricey but it does to job !
 The malti-poo that gets this powder on his food does n't particularly like it , which being made of livers and whatever else , I would think otherwise , but it clears up the dark , sinister tear tracks on his face.Huzzah!Now if they could just come up with a sirloin tips flavor .
 This product works great ! I have 3 small dogs , Maltese , Shih-Tsu , and Maltese mix . All of them get ugly tear stains , especially the Shih-Tsu . All you do is sprinkle the food with the Angel Eyes each day . Really easy ! I am seeing amazing results , even just after 2 weeks of using it .
 I was a sceptic but still bought it . Now I have used two bottles . I mentioned it to my Vet and she said everyone uses it . I had to find out on my own.Rhett said to tell you he loves it too . He 's soooo cute ! Especially with clean eyes!Angels ' Eyes Tear-Stain Eliminator for Dogs , 120-Gram Bottle
 I have a Maltese named Oliver . He is a year and a half old now . I asked my groomer what she recommended that we do for his eye and mouth staining . His was quite bad and keeping the hair trimmed short did nothing to help . She suggested Angel Eyes . IT WORKED !! Be patient and follow the regimine to the letter . His came back :-LRB- and I thought and thought about why this would happen . He had gained weight . He went over the 5 lb . mark and needed a 1/2 tsp . :-RRB- Watch that so that you do n't have to do as we did , start all over with the program . He is stain free and looks like a healthy , happy puppy again ! You will be as pleased as we are with it , there is nothing else out there that works . It 's safe and he eats it right up in his wet food.Georgia in Alaska
 I have used lots of shampoos and eye stain removers that tried to wash away the eye stains . The vet told me not to waste my money and that there is no product that works . I have only used this product for about 2 months now but have noticed a huge improvement in my dog 's eyes . He is all white except for the stuff that comes out of his eyes , staining his beautiful coat a brownish/red . If it keeps working I would expect it to totally prevent the cause of the problem !!!
 We feed her a special food . We give her bottled water . We groom her daily . Brush her teeth . Clean out her ears and wipe around her eyes with special cloths . Still , she had icky stuff coming down from her eyes . Within a few days of Angel eyes it started going away . She looks so much better with white around her eyes instead of dark gunk . She ate it without any problem . She 's shown no negative side effects . I bought two small bottles just to make sure . I just ordered a big bottle .
 I recently adopted a 2 year old snow white bichon and a 6 month old champagne poodle , both had the tear stain problem . I am so grateful that the trainer at obedience class suggested that I try Angel Eyes . I was skeptical , but after only 4 weeks I am a believer . No more stains.I highly recommend the product .
 My groomer recommended this product and I am so glad . What a wonderful difference . I started using Angel 's Eyes on my Shih Poo 2 months ago . His eyes have already cleared up and he looks great . Thank you so much !!!
 Have been using the product for two weeks and my pet 's stains are already gone ! Amazing how fast the product works and my dog does n't mind eating it . I place the recommended dosage on her food , and she gobbles it up . I would highly recommend this to anyone who has a dog with tearing stains . It is a great and healthy way to keep your pet looking its best !
 My wife got this the first time and it worked WONDERS ! Our little Maltese has tear stains and this product did the trick . No change in hunger or the other end of the food chain ... . yea I do n't need to elaborate on that one . Anyways , it was MY turn to buy and I found it here on AMAZON at the best price saving almost 50 % . Thank you AMAZON !!!
 Great product ! I have been using Angel Eyes for two weeks now , and there is a huge improvement . The new fur is growing in white ... now my Maltese puppy is all snow white ... gorgeous !
 This product really worked for my poodle mix and her eyes have remained clear . I would recommend to others with white dogs .
 I would recommend this product to any bread of dog that has tear stains . It is easy to sprinkle on their food and my dogs do n't mind the flavor . Our pet groomer highly recommends it .
 while it does not totally remove the eye stain it makes a great improvement . I recommend . Do not hesititate to buy .
 This really helps keep my white dogs tears clear . He looks so much nicer without the red tear stains . I mix his up with a tiny bit of water into a thick paste and then put it into a small piece of sliced turkey and roll it up . He loves getting a &#34; turkey roll &#34; every morning . If you miss even one day the redness will come back and go away again in a few days .
 I have used this product in the past with great results . I tried doing without it for awhile . One dog did fine the other started getting staining again . Because I was not crazy about the smell of the beef flavor I decided to try the sweet potato . IT DOESN &#34; T WORK . I checked the ingredients and discovered that it did n't contain Tylosin . That is apparently the ingredient that does the magic .
 Angles ' Eyes is a good product that works well for my dog , and reasonably priced . Would recommend to other Bischon owners .
 I have been using this product for seven years and I am always amazed at the results . I have a Pomeranian and his eyes stain from time to time and the Angel Eyes always clear them up . I have referred this product to family and friends who dogs are experiencing the same problem and they all are happy with the results .
 I have used both and the natural did not work for my white poodle so I am sticking with the original formula .
 Our toy poodle had terrible tears . After sprinkling Angels ' Eyes on his food , within a week or so , they were gone ! At first we tried the whole mixing it with peanut butter and putting it inside his Kong toy , but honestly that was a lot of work and he eats it up regardless of how we give it to him .
 After three weeks , our dogs tearing had lessened and lightened considerably . I will start cutting back to three times and week and see if the results are the same . I recommend this product .
 Angels Eyes for Dogs 30 Gram BottleI have a malti-poo who is all white and sooooo adorable except for his eyes . He constantly had rust colored tears running from his eyes and so much so that it stained his mustache . Nothing I tried would clean it and he looked so sad . After months searching pet stores , the web and talking with veterinarians I found Angels Eyes and decided to try it . Within the first week the rusty tears had considerably lessened and he is so handsome now . He and I are much happier and he seems to walk taller and prouder .
 We have used this for about 6 weeks and all tear stains are almost completely gone . Our dog liked it at first in his water but now will only take it sprinkled on his food . Overall , this works better for tear stains than any product we have tried
 This product really works well . The tear staining has almost gone down to nothing on my white Bichon . She is White again ! Only one BIG problem with this product , MY DOG WILL NOT EAT IT . I have to cook it into meatballs for her , just to get it down her . I guess the heat does not hurt the medicine , because it seems to be working.Nan
 I have a light colored toy poodle , she had tear stains on her face after using angel 's tears it cleared up and the stains are completely gone . It a great product I like it very much . It also helped her bad breath .
 My baby 's face is less red now . The only thing I am concern about is long term effects . Hopefully , nothing will happen to my baby 's health . He looks so white and handsome !!!!
 This product is incredible ! My groomer recommended it and it works ! I will recommend it to all my friends who have white dogs .
 I purchased this for my Chinese Crested and it works perfectly ! I was able to reduce the amount used in no time and now it is lasting much longer . I will continue to use it !
 I have a white bichon-frise/havanese mix , and the father who is Havanese . Their feet were always stained red and their eyes always stained from tearing . Angel Eyes is expensive , but it has solved the problem . No more stains .
 I have a little dog that is mostly white , all white face . Angels Eyes tear stain elimator is the only thing I have found that keeps the stains away .
 I have to admit , I was a bit skeptical at first . How could a brownish colored powder help prevent our maltese from the area around his eyes and mouth from staining . We sprinkle it on his a.m. and p.m. feeding , sometimes adding a little warm water to create gravy . Jackson not only loves the taste , the product performed as claimed within a few days . You have to apply to food daily or the problem will start again . This will be a repeat purchase !
 Have been using Angel 's eyes for several years with great results . It is wonderful to find it at such a great price .
 Use this product on my Cavalier King Charles Spaniels who I show . You need to follow instructions , and take dogs off the product occasionally - I do most of mine when they are not showing . It definitely improved the tearing that stains the fur , giving the dogs a more polished look .
 I have a Bichon whose eyes were so goopy and stainy . I have put the product on her food for over a week now and already her eyes have stopped tearing & staining ! I got it on sale on Black Friday and now I wish I would have bought more at that great price !
 I have a shih tzu and her white face was always stained brown from her tears and saliva . I can not believe the difference with the angels eyes . I 've tried all kinds of shampoos and nothing worked . This is a bit pricey ... but if you could see the difference in my dog , even people who come to my house notice.The one thing I will say is you have to give it time . It was a good month or two before we saw the marked difference . I wish I had taken a before and after picture ! We 've been using it now for about 6 months and we will continue , it really does work .
 I have a malti-poo who had pretty bad staining on his face . This product is amazing . He has such a beautiful white face now . I highly recommend Angel 's Eyes .
 My dog 's eyes would tears causing a stain on her fur . After using the Angel Eyes for 1 or 2 times the staining was gone . This is an exceptional product
 We have been using Angel Eyes for almost three months , our 2 year old Bichon had a terrible problem with stains around her eyes . We had taken her to our vet and he had given us some pills for her to take , another vet gave us some liquid that she took twice aday , nothing worked , we were at our wits end and then my groomer told me about a product she had been hearing good things about , Angel Eyes . We have seen almost an immediate change . The stains are almost gone now , thanks to this product . We think after her next groom she will be stain free . I will continue to use it to keep her even more beautiful than she was ! Thank you !
 After using a myriad of products on our two Havanese dogs with poor results , Angel Eyes is is a winner . Within a week both dogs white hair is as white as snow !
 I HAVE BEEN USING ANGEL EYES FOR MY MALTESE -LRB- 3 -RRB- OF THEM FOR 50 DAYS AND I AM SO HAPPY WITH THE RESULTS . I WAS SEEING A DIFFERENCE IN LESS THAN 30 DAYS . I MIX THE PRODUCT IN WITH THE CAN FOOD AND THEY HAVE NO CLUE . I ALSO NOTICE THAT THEIR BREATH ODOR HAS DRAMATICALLY IMPROVED . I HOPE EVERYONE HAS THE SAME GREAT EXPERIENCE AS I HAVE.THANK YOU ANGEL EYES . . KELLY IN SUNNY FLORIDA
 When my Mother died and I have her cream Shih Tzu , he always had the reddish brown staining on his face that looked terrible . And if you did ' t bath him every week his face smelled terrible . I have tried a few products on him and they did NOTHING . I saw Angel eyes on the internet , it sounded that it might work so I gave it a try . When it came , I had the dog groomed and all of the brown staining shaved off his face . After about a week using this everyday in his food you could see the new grouth of hair had no staining . And it looked better after 3 and 4 weeks . He now has a cream colored face like the rest of his body and ALL the staining is gone . I have been using this now for 3 1/2 months and will soon start cutting back to 4 times a week . I highly recommed this product . You will be amazed at the results in a couple of weeks , just add it to their food . Get it now you will be glad you did it.Alexis Slate Lick , Pa. .
 I bought this because I have a solid white Maltipoo . This is the best product for tear stains . He had red stains around his eyes and even his mouth before I started using this product . I started seeing results in about 2 wks . Will buy again.Angels Eyes for Dogs 30 Gram Bottle
 Angel Eyes was recommended by our Vet for our dog . After reading some of the reviews and reading about the product , I was cautious and purchased the smaller bottle to see if it would work . From what I read , it could take up to several weeks before you saw any results.Our dogs eyes cleared up after 1 week of using the product . She is a small Lapso Apso weighs 15 pounds . I have now purchased the largest bottle because it works and the results were almost immediate.It is easy to recommond Angel Eyes .
 MY DOG 'S EYES ARE COMPLETELY CLEAR AND HE HAS NO PROBLEM EATING THE STAIN REMOVER WITH SOME WET FOOD . I HAVE NEVER HAD A WHITE DOG BEFORE AND WAS HORRIFIED AT THE MESS ON HIS FACE . THIS CLEARED IT UP PRACTICALLY OVERNIGHT AND WE HAVE NO FURTHER PROBLEMS WITH THE STAINING .
 Our groomer recommended this product , not for tearing eyes , but for bad breath . In about 4 days Oscar 's breath was like fresh air .
 My mom introduced me to this product several months ago . She and I both have Maltese dogs and she said it really works and I saw the proof when I visited her over the holidays . Both of her dogs have clean and unstained hair around their eyes . I have been giving this to my little one ever since then and he does n't get the brown rings around his eyes any more . He looks so much better and I do n't feel so embarrassed when I take him out in public . It is a really great product and I absolutely recommend it to anyone who has a dog with white/light hair and tends to get the tear stains around the eyes .
 Product really works . It takes awhile for you to notice it as all the dark hair needs to be cut off , but once that is done and you use it continuously , it works . It 's so nice to see my white shih ztu 's white face without all those dark tear lines . Oh yes , I have cut back the amount used each day and it is still working . Best of all , I checked with my vet and although he did not endorse it , he stated there was nothing in the product that would harm my dogs . It really works and I love it !
 I just ordered this for the second time because I was so pleased with the first bottle .
 It has made my dog look beautiful . . she no longer has the ugly tear stains
 Here is a product that works exactly as it is supposed to . Within two and one-half months and two groomings , my bishon 's paws and face have lost the brownish lick stains and are now white .
 Although the product is a little expensive , it was worth it 's weight in gold . Our little `` Andy '' is looking great now . The best part is he no longer has a stinky face . The only draw back is the product has a strong aroma and it took a little coaxing to get him to eat it mixed in with his food . But , eventually we were successful ! I would recommend this product without any hesitation . Thanks so much !
 Angel eyes is a terrific product for the purpose which I bought it . That is ; to deter the flow from my Shih Tzu 's eyes and thus eliminate the awful smell associated with it . It stared to work within 1 week . Easy to use too !
 I ordered a small bottle of this , just to see how it would work . Half way through the bottle I reordered the large size . I have 5 Havanese pups , 2 of which are blondes . Within a couple weeks the stains had faded to dark beige and now they are gone . I give them this for two weeks , pare down to every other day , then every 5 days , then off for two weeks and that seems to work fine . It seems it contains an antibiotic and I was hesitant to keep them on it , even at the intervals recommended on the bottle . But my blondes are gorgeous now and my son just ordered some for his Maltese pups and he can see a difference after just one week ! LOVE IT !
 This stuff is a miracle worker . I have tried everything under the sun & this is the ONLY thing that works . It is worth it 's weight in gold . Just a teaspoon a day keeps the ugly stains away !!!!!!!!
 My dog usually has this ugly brown stain running down her eyes . Since using Angel eyes , no more stain is noted . Great stuff . I highly recommend this .
 I tried many treatments for my bichon Katie 's eye staining , with no improvement . Angel Eyes , although rather expensive , works and is , therefore , worth it . The bichon is a very beautiful little dog , but its beauty can be missed if the face is stained with eye discharge . I have been using Angel Eyes for at least five years and will continue . Before I started using it I checked with the vet and got a go-ahead .
 This product is the only thing that 's worked to eliminate those unsightly tear stains on my Cockapoo 's eyes . The Amazon price for this product is also the best I 've found anywhere . Patience must be practiced when using this product . The results are n't seen overnight . It typically takes a few weeks . However it 's worth it .
 I am very happy with this product , it works great and it was cheaper going thru you all , I used to order it straight from the manufacturer , but they told me they cant ship to Texas anymore , and they told me to go thru Amazon , I just wanted to know ? They used to send me a spoonwith each order , and it had the measuring lines and long handle , I did not get one this time?Do you know anything about those spoons , they were great , wish I would 've saved one!Thank You , Beverly Reeves
 if you own a white dog this is a must have . we have 4 Maltese and their face turns brown really fast without angel eyes . we noticed an improvement with in a month and by the second month the stains were completely gone . a 120 gram bottle lasts us about 4 to 5 months . it is well worth the $ 30ish we spent . we will be a life long user as long as we have white dogs .
 Excellent product . Have been using it for years and it really works . I have a Bichon Frise and she is all white in color . Before I used this product she would stain badly . I recently recommended it to a friend and to purchase this from Amazon . Also , i have to tell you that you sell this product at an excellent price too . Thank you for the product and your service .
 this stuff is excellent !!! my dog is all white -LRB- american eskimo -RRB- so tear stains make her look sick ... but , not any more ... not with Angel Eyes !!! follow the directions and it does the trick ... it 's a 9 month regimen but so much better than the alternative black circles !! ... Amazon.com has the best prices that you will ever find ...
 I have used Angel Eyes on 2 of my dogs for the last 6 years and it has reduced the amount of drainage and discoloration by 99 % . I recommend it to everyone who has dogs with this problem .
 I have two Shih-tzus and they tend to have very sensitive eyes because of the hair that grows around them . They can get infections , and also can have `` red '' fur underneath the eye area and in the mouth area . This product started working immediately . It does n't remove the red fur and other gunk that 's already there , but you can see within a week or so that the new hair is growing clean and white ! I would definitely recommend this product to anyone that has a dog with eye problems and red yeast problems .
 I tried the distilled water that my groomer suggested for my Shih Tzu . It did not work ! I contacted the Vet and she suggested Angel Eyes ! This stuff is amazing ! I am usually hesitant to buy things over the internet and WOW , I am glad I did ! She no longer has staining in her eyes or feet where she licks them ! At first she was picky about the taste , but I put a little in her canned food and mixed it , and she ate it , within a months time all of her staining was gone ! I am sold on this stuff ! If the groomer and vet both recommend it , that in itself says something !! A lifetime customer !
 just what i wanted this product works wounders would plan on buying it again next week
 Skeptical that it would work ... . it does!I have been using this product for about 6 + wks.I have been giving it to :1 . A 3 yr old 45 # Blue Std Poodle.PROBLEM
 This product is amazing ! It really works . Buy the 120 gram bottle-it will save money .
 I have a Lhasa who 's face was always stained from the brown discharge from his eyes . I have been using this product for just under a month and his face is much better . I am very pleased . FYI -- do n't buy this at the pet store , it is $ 30 for the same size that Amazon sells for $ 12 . Drawback
 I have a white maltipoo and ca n't stand the tear stains . So I gave this a try and it really works . The smell is bad but my dog did n't mind . When he get 's groomed he get 's a puppy cut and everyone thinks he is a puppy because his coat is so white . Excellent product A + !!!!
 Purchased a 240g bottle and totally love it - the stains are gone and the taste does n't bother my dog at all . Would definitely recommend .
 I first ordered a 30g bottle to see if it worked as claimed . We 're very satisifed ! The results for our Maltese are excellent . We do n't use as much of the product as directed , and the results are great . I 'm now ordering a larger size of the product . Amazon 's price is amazingly low .
 My little poodle had very bad tear stain . Our Vet said it was caused by her diet . By adding `` Angel Eyes '' to her food daily , she now has none . She does not like the flavor and really does not want to eat her food with it on there . I wish the flavor was more to her liking . That is the only thing would would make it 5 star to me .
 It work on my dogs paws which he had been licking so much -LRB- Vet thought it might be allergies -RRB- that the paws white color turned to rust color . It took about two weeks to clear them up back to their original white color .
 Had to mix with a tablespoon of cat food ... yes cat food ... dog food did n't do it to disguise the flavor but worked wonders for my Tooters eyes . . only gave three times a week ... need to order more .
 This stuff actually worked in about 2 weeks ! There is no longer any pink eye goop in the corner of my dogs eyes . Fortunately , I had not let the pink eye stain get too out of hand before I started to seek out remedies . My dog had a bit of stain -LRB- 1/16 wide and less than 3/8 long -RRB- from the inside corner down into the crease under her eyes . She had a pink tinge to the tops of her feet and a deep red stain between all her toes . I thought it was an allergy and changed her food a few times but satisfied with that test I settled with grainless Taste of the Wild . I had tried cleaning her eyes daily with different things and washing her white feet with blueing shampoo . I tried Crystal Eyes and the cleaner & powder product Eye Envy with no change . So Angel Eyes is the only thing that worked and if you 're like me , you 're always sceptical of stuff like this but this is an honest testimonial from a real dog owner and I 'm saying I 'm very happy with the results and this is a product that is definitely worth buying .
 I have an American Eskimo puppy -LRB- all white fluff -RRB- who has some tear staining around his eyes . I asked my vet before deciding to buy this product and the vet gave this the OK.I began using this as instructed but my puppy would not eat his food with the Angels Eyes mixed in . After doing some research online , to see if this was a common issue , I saw that other owners have put it on a rolled up piece of turkey deli meat and the dogs ate it fine . Since I have changed to serving it with a piece of turkey / chicken , my dog eats it up no problem , even licking the bowl clean!I have noticed a significant improvement in his tear stains within the last month of using this , and I know it will continue to get better from here . You ca n't expect this stuff to work overnight but it does help and you will notice a difference within a few weeks.I would recommend this product to anyone looking for help with tear stains . HOWEVER , I will still suggest speaking with your vet first before deciding to go this route .
 We have a new to the family 2 year old Havanese and after 5 weeks on the product so far all I can say is that it works . It become noticeably improved after 3 weeks .
 Angels Eyes is a very effective product . I have tried other varities of this product and none of them worked as well as Angel 's Eyes . The only reason I gave it a 4 star rating instead of a 5 star rating is the price . It is pretty expensive but I guess you get what you pay for because it works really well .
 This stuff is great ! my puppy went from horrible tears stains to clear eyes within two months . this is my second order so I went with the 240 grams size because it works !
 this product worked wonders for my 2 year old maltese Roxie . After only 4 days of using it i started to see results . I was sceptical at first but i seen amazing results on Roxie 's horrible tear stains . I recommend this product to any one !! seriously !!
 We have tried everything for the stains on our dog 's face ... filtered water , low iron food , wiping her eyes many times a day , over the counter remedies fro pet stores , keeping the hair around her eyes trimmed ... we were committed . I talked this over with our vet and he said it is completely safe and effective . His only advice was that since Angel Eyes is an antibiotic , you run the risk of your pet becoming antibiotic immune . We used it twice a day -LRB- you sprinkle it on their food -RRB- until the stains were gone -- about 3-4 weeks and we continue to put it on her food once every day or two . I 've heard some pets wo n't eat it , but lucky for us , ours did . I also heard of people putting it in peanut butter or something similar to get their pet to eat it , with the same great results . Our dog looks great -- she is back to her cute clean white furry self .
 I have been using Angels ' Eyes for four years now on my Maltese . After trying all the remedies recommended by various sources , I happened upon this product . It is truly the only thing that worked to remove the ugly brown tear stains . Each morning I pour out a very small amount on the palm of my hand and take a TUMS tablet , wet it , then scrap the Angels ' Eyes off the palm of my hand with the damp TUMS tablet . My Maltese loves this treat plus she is getting a daily dose of calcium . I was surprised and happy to find it listed on Amazon.com . I usually order it through a pet catalog . This time I was able to order two 30 gram bottles for the price I was paying before for only one 30 gram bottle . Amazon.com will continue to be my only source from now on .
 This product is excellent . I have 3 Maltese dogs , one started developing the tear stains quite a bit under his eyes , one slightly had the tear stains and one completely white never developed the stains . I started giving Angel Eyes to my female and male that had the tear stains . I noticed a big difference within a couple of weeks . I stopped giving it to my female after the 3rd week due to the fact I had mated her with my male . I did not want to give her anything while she was developing her puppies . Her tear stains completely cleared up in the 3 weeks that I gave it to her , however hers were not that bad to begin with . It has been a couple of months now and the babies were just born . The tear stains never came back so I see no need in giving her any more plus she is nursing her babies and again I will not take a chance of giving her anything that is not all natural . My male had quite a bit of staining , he has been on Angel Eyes now for almost 3 months and his stains are almost completely gone . He is healthy and happy and he has had no adverse reaction to the product . I had checked on this product thoroughly before giving to my pets . I checked with the Vet , The Pet shop and the Pet store before purchasing . I was told it was safe for my female even though she was pregnant , but I did not want to take the chance of giving her anything no matter how safe it claimed to be.The only problem I had with this product was getting them to eat it . My female is extremely finicky and she would not eat it . I had to coax her into it for the 1 week I did give it to her . My male would not eat it either . Then I found a review that the person said they put it in a slice of meat and rolled it up for the dog to eat . I tried this and he gobbled it down just like the reviewer said her dog did . I wish it came in a liquid form so you could feed it to them in an eye dropper or something , I am still giving it a 5 star because to me it was a miracle before my eyes watching the tear stains disappear . I love the way my Georgie boy looks now , What a Difference ! It 's a MIRACLE : -RRB- One last thing I checked everywhere and Amazon definitely has the best price . This product is worth every penny .
 I love this product for my Maltese . I have been using it for a while and it makes all the difference in the world . Not only does he now have an all white face but it has also improved his breath he no longer has any bad breath problems . Amazon is the best way to buy , price and shipping are very good because of Amazon !!!
 I have gotten Angel Eyes before from Amazon and it has worked great ! This time when I got the bottle , it was only half full . I do n't know if they use only the bigger bottles now and fill them accordingly or what . I do n't know if I got half of what I was supposed to get or not . I will order again and will be curious how full the bottle is . If I got short changed , I do n't know how to get a refund . ????
 I have a maltese that had severe staining . This takes a while , but it 's worth it if you want a pure white dog . I highly recommend it !
 Everyone should note that this product only comes about 1/2 full . I had contacted the seller because I received a bottle that was manufactured incorrectly , and they immediately corrected this situation , which was very pleasing.It takes awhile to see a difference in tear stains ... just keep adding it . So the product does n't end up on the sides of the bowl since its dust like and they do n't lick their bowls clean , I put it on a piece of something really good to ensure that they eat it.Again , the seller was VERY accomodating in helping with the bottle that was not manufactured right ... and that was very much appreciated !
