 I noticed some reviews from 2004 that were concerned about durability or parts breaking off . I do n't see the pegs that were mentioned . Perhaps the issue was resolved by the manufacture . We just love this wagon . We 've owned it for 7 months now . My son learned to walk using it . I had previously purchased another plastic toy that you can sit on or walk behind but it was n't very steady and would tip over . I 'm so happy with this walker/wagon . At this time we mostly use it as a toy box , but my son still plays with it carting toys around the room ect .
 We got the Radio Flyer Walker Wagon for our 11 month old twin grandsons for Christmas.It is absolutely adorable , very sturdy and well made.It 's one of those gifts that will last and last.It took Grandpa about an hour to put the wagon together , but it was not difficult.It came well packaged , all the parts were there , and everything fit.We are both really happy we purchased this little wagon .
 We 've had our walker wagon for over 2 yrs now , since our son was a year old -LRB- he 's 3.5 now -RRB- & now our daughter , who just turned 1 , is using it & loves it too ! It 's held up great & we have n't had any issues with durability . I love the resist push feature that makes it easier for a new walker to push it & not get pulled down like many other push walkers that just roll away with the slightest touch . I like the rubber bumper so it does n't harm my furniture or walls too . And the removable wood sides always entertain my son who loves taking them out & putting them back in . The basket is more than ample to fit my 1-yr-old daughter too , who enjoys riding in it around the house as much as she does pushing it . And it 's fun to put toys in the basket too so she can push them around . I love the classic design & wooden construction too . This is an heirloom-quality toy that will be passed from generation to generation .
 I got this for my 11-month-old niece 's 1st birthday gift . She is n't walking yet -LRB- aside from `` cruising '' furniture -RRB- ; I hoped that this might help her get the hang of it.But , I could n't wait until her birthday , so I gave it to her as soon as it arrived -LRB- approx 6days ago -RRB- , and I 'm glad I did because she loves it even more than I thought she would ! She is quickly learning how to push it around , and she is getting much steadier on her feet -LRB- no more trying to walk on her tip toes ! -RRB- . I 'm impressed with the ` resist push ' wheels ; on hardwood & tile ; floors the wagon has proved to be stable , even with an unstable baby behind it . The baby does get frustrated when she runs it into something that stops her momentum , i.e.
 Perfect size for those beginning to walk . Easy to assemble and except for the fact that her 2 1/2 year sister takes the sideboards off and makes it accessable for her little sister to climb in , it 's sturdy and safe for the little ones . Besides good walking support , it 's great fun for her to pile all her priceless possesions of the day in and push them around wherever she goes ! I can see her using this little wagon to carry her treasures around long after the need for walking support is no longer necessary . Great little wagon .
 I rec 'd this from Amazon.com a few weeks ago . Bought it for my 1 year-old kid . He loved it after I assembled it . He has been pushing it everyday . The only minor improvement I suggest is to have the wheels able to turn , as it can only go straight forward/backward only . The clicker really helps because it slows down the speed . Perfect for beginning walker or learn-to-walk phase . I called the company to verify if it is lead-free paint , I was confirmed over the phone that it is lead-free paint product .
 We bought this for my daughter 's first birthday and she was n't walking yet . At her birthday party she immediately started walking with it and has loved it ever since . The resistance is great because it wo n't let her go to fast and now she loves to push her toys around the house . I highly recommend this !
 This is by far the best toy that we have ever gotten our son . He is 10 1/2 months old and walking every where with this thing . It encourages them to walk and it is fun for them to ride in too . We have hardwood floors so the other push toys would go too fast . This one has the `` slow down '' clickers that make it not go as fast . It is WONDERFUL !!! We LOVE this product and think that everyone should get one .
 Great toy . Durable construction . Perfect for twin girls and helping them stand/begin to walk.The built in `` movement '' adjuster makes sure the walker does not move too fast.Assembly is easy .
 This wagon is nice , sturdy , and makes a click sound so you know when your child is running toward your toes .
 My daughter enjoys this wagon and it does help her as she is learning to walk.In particular , she enjoys taking items out of the bin . Although the wheel traction slows her down a bit , she still managers to push the wagon faster than her little legs are willing to go and ends up pushing it on her knees . I would recommend it .
 The baby LOVES this wagon . He will spend hours playing with this thing , fills it with his toys and pushes them around and unloads them , reloads them and pushes again , so funny to watch . Climbs into it and waits to be pushed . He has 12 year old and 8 year old siblings who love to push him around in it . This has turned out to be great for our family , as parents we all know toys are hit and miss with kids , this one was definitely a hit . Very durable and has a little safety feature that makes it resistant to movement while he is climbing in and out . The wood sides are removable , which he seems to like . It does not turn on it 's own , which makes it a little hard to use on the carpets , but on solid flooring it is easy to turn . Glad we got this one !
 Grandma got this for our daughter for her first birthday . From the moment that I assembled it -LRB- very easy -RRB- , she immediately started playing with it and still plays with it everyday . She loves to walk all around the house pushing it , and she loves to fill it up with stuff and take it all out again . I would definitely recommend . We have other walk behind toys and this is by far her favorite.Great construction - very study .
 Incredible quality . Looks adorable . We bought this for our baby 's 1st bday , within a few weeks he could walk on his own . He still loves to push it around . Put stuff in and take it out . By far the best thing we 've ever purchased for our son .
 Purchased for my one year old granddaughter 's birthday because she is walking and most pushable walkers go way too fast ; this one is built to resist just enough to make it much safer . The other granddaughter loved riding in it . Great bumper for crashing into walls and very sturdy . Good purchase and very durable .
 This little wagon is the perfect size for an early walker . My grandson loves pushing it and also loves being pushed in it . The first one I ordered arrived damaged . Amazon sent out a replacement immediately , but unfortunately , it did not arrive in time for Christmas travel . Therefore , if you purchase something like the wagon that needs to be assembled , open it immediately and inspect for damage so you have time to get the replacement , if necessary .
 Well built , sturdy and my daughter loves this toy . She loves it so much that we have to hide it from here , because she keeps banging the walls . She initially used it to help her walk , but now she just loves to push it around and load and unload the wagon . She used to like to ride in it , but that was pretty tough on us , thanks goodness she outgrew that . HIghly recommend to anyone .
 One of my two young grandsons was very happy to keep crawling and did not seem very interested in learning to walk ! I saw the radio flyer walker wagon in a catalog and was wondering about its benefit for him . Then two weeks later I went on Amazon.com and found I could get it quite a bit cheaper and with free shipping so I ordered it . He loved it and within the next two weeks was up walking around his house pushing it everywhere . The resistance it has built in was exactly what he needed . And it is exceptionally well built and durable - best present I have given him so far in his life and his parents agree !
 We bought this toy for our 10 month old who was not quite walking . He loved that he could use it to walk around without our help . He is just walking on his own and still uses the toy to push stuff around .
 We bought this for our grandson . The wagon went together quickly and easily . It 's a good size . The wheels click when pushed , which is interesting to him . He likes most to play `` put and take '' with all his toys going in and coming out of the wagon . But he has now started trying to push it as he practices walking . The sides go on and off very easily . This is a wonderful toy .
 I bought this wagon for my daughter four years ago and bought the same wagon again for my sister 's daughter . This wagon is perfect for young children due to it 's size and durability . This wagon helped my daughter with her walking and coordination . This wagon is made of real wood and was very easy to put together . If you are looking for a fun , traditional toy this wagon is perfect . Also , the price was the best I could find anywhere -LRB- including shipping it was still cheaper than most websites and catalogs I had available -RRB- . Radio Flyer is a great brand and this wagon is great for both girls and boys .
 I bought this for my daughter when she was around 11 months and wanting to walk everywhere with help . To spare my back , I looked into wagons . I decided on this one based on price , construction , and durability . It is everything I hoped for ! The handle is at the perfect height , the front bumper cushions any ramming , and it is heavy enough to allow her to push it on her own without sliding away . However , when stuck in tricky situations , she can still maneuver it out . She also likes to ride in it or put her toys in it !
 This wagon is such a fabulous walking toy ! It 's sturdy and was perfect for beginner walkers because of the resistance . It was fun to push our baby around in as well . Now that he 's older , he 'll push it around with his toys in it . I imagine it will be useful for even a couple more years .
 Our son LOVES this walker . It is very well built and sturdy . As you push it there is a clicking sound and enough resistance so the walker does n't go too quickly causing a fall . I would definitely recommend this to a friend .
 My 10 month old LOVES this wagon . It helps her practice standing and walking and she also loves it when I fill it up with toys so that she can throw them all out of there ! My friend has a 2 1/2 year old and she still uses hers - I highly recommend it . The only thing I can think of that would make this product PERFECT is if there was a way to lock the wheels to keep it stationary when you wanted to ... other than that it 's awesome and really well made ... it 's pricey but you can tell it will last .
 I researched so many walkers and I am so glad that I purchased this one . My 10 month old goes all over the house and it is really helping her learn to walk . Her eyes light up when she sees the walker in the morning . She also loves to put her toys in the wagon and push them around . I love this Walker !!!
 Has lasted through my 3 year old riding in it while my daughter pushes as she learns to walk . I thought the clicking feature would get on my nerves , but actually is convenient to use to find her when she is cruising around the house ! No complaints with durability .
 What a great product . Our daughter -LRB- 9mos -RRB- can pull herself up on it without it tipping over and it has a great little clicking noise when she walks . She loves taking things out and putting thing in and she also loves getting rides in it . It 's super sturdy - I can lean on it with most of my weight while I push her around . The only draw back is that it does n't steer at all but I think that 's to be expected on most of these walkers . Great price for a great product .
 I bought this for my 8 1/2 month old daughter and she LOVES IT !! She likes to take rides in it , put her baby dolls in and push it around . This is a great product ! Very durable - I really like the bumper on it . I think this will be a favorite for a long time .
 It 's one of the best ways your infant can teach himself how to walk . I bought this for my son at 9 mos . and he was walking by himself 2 mos . later . Your child can put his books , cars , Lego 's ... . come to think of it anything he wants to in it , even Woody and Buzz can go for a ride in it .
 Very durable toy , for chasing around and transporting toys . However , not easy to store and the wheel `` clicker '' is really loud .
 The only downside is that the wagon does not turn , so every time my son hits a wall , we have to go and turn it for him . He still enjoys his wagon even now that he is walking on his own , especially since he realized that he can take the sides off by himself .
 We have given the radio flyer classic walker wagon to two of our grandchildren just at a time when they were about to begin to walk ! Both of them LOVED pushing the wagon , loading it up with favorite toys , and they loved being pushed in the wagon ! The stability of the wagon provided the confidence they needed to take their first steps !
 Our 10 month old daughter is just starting to walk with support . I bought this for her as an aid and toy . My husband assembled it in under 20 minutes so it was relatively easy to put together . She started playing with it immediately and it continues to be one of her favorites . It has been the best in terms of size and encouragement of all the walking toys I have bought for her . She also enjoys climbing into it and having us push her around . She is average size for her age and she currently fits in it with some room for other toys . I 'd say for her age the fit is perfect . The bumper on the front is just plastic but it does help preserve walls , furniture , etc. when she bumps into things . For the money , very good quality and a great purchase overall . Highly recommend .
 I gave this wagon to my godson for his first birthday . He loved it . He is still learning to walk and the wagon is the perfect height for him to lean against and walk with . He also likes putting his toys in , and of course , taking them out.The wagon was not difficult to put together and it is really beautiful with quality materials .
 I purchased this Radio Flyer as it seemed perfect for a nearly one-year old who was almost , almost walking . and it did not disappoint ! My granddaughter took one look and crawled to it , picked herself up and immediately began pushing it around the apartment . She actually walked two days after her b ` day and now she is constantly pushing all her dolls and stuffed toys around the room . She also quickly learned to climb in and out while holding the bar . It has special wheels that do n't allow wagon to move too quickly or get away from baby . It 's sturdy , compact and simply the perfect apartment-sized wagon . Love it !
 Purchased this wagon for my 10 month old grandson who was beginning to hold on to things and walk around them.He loves pushing it as he walks behind it ... it is a favorite whenever he is at my home .
 My son is in the process of learning how to walk , so I thought a walker wagon would be great . This one is very durable and has that retro look to it . Like most walkers , if your child is in the beginning stages of walking , it might take off too fast . With this walker though , you are able to put things in it to slow it down a bit . We put his toys in it . My only con is that it does n't turn , so once he reaches a wall he just keeps jamming the wagon into the wall . Besides that , it 's been a great wagon .
 My little boy is almost 10 months old and he loves this walker wagon ! I really like how it is something that can grow with him as he learns to walk , push , and pull .
 My son received this for his first birthday . He loves pushing it around and filling it with his toys . He is walking on his own now and still enjoys playing with it . It is very sturdy and well made . The bumper on the front is great because he is constantly running it into our walls . It 's a great toy and I highly recommend it .
 My granddaughter loves spongebob . She said some of the characters were the wrong color , such as green instead of yellow . She loves the color blast though . The markers dry up fast , so I had to order a few sets just to have enough markers .
 for year 's all Modeler 's Of British Subject 's had was the Old English Frog Kit 's that took a lot of extra Work in the CockpitAnd Landing Gear area . the Detail on the Kit Is First Rate as are The Decals with many under wing stores Love This Kit
 I bought one of these for my 5 year old daughter and she loved it . He played with it every day ! It was the best toy in the house . Even my 13 year old daughter loved it . Unfortunately , my 13 year old daughter bounced on it TOO hard one day and it burst . I gave durabilty low ratings because i would think that it would hold the weight of a 115 pound girl without popping.Good toy
 I just have the caterpillar portion of this duo . It was one of the first toys I got for my daughter at around 3 mos . My daughter has loved both the rattle and the caterpillar . Because of a design flaw -LRB- described below -RRB- , however , I immediately detached the rattle ring from the caterpillar and used them as separate toys.She loved to gaze at the colors and patterns on the caterpillar as a young infant . We used the caterpillar -LRB- separated from the rattle -RRB- with several linking rings . This enabled me to attach the caterpillar to my baby 's carrier and have it be long enough for her to reach . As she got older , she liked to feel his antennae and legs , and shove the head in her mouth.The caterpillar was small enough to shove in my pocket for taking along a small diversion when I did n't want to take along my diaper bag or purse.When she got older than 5 mos . I let her hold the caterpillar in her hand freely so that she could shake it around and fully manipulate it . I used the rattle the same way at that point since she was old enough to grasp it on her own by that point . She loved to bang the rattle ring on her carrier and loved that she could see the little beads inside the clear tubing.A note about design
 These adorable little toys are colorful , make little rattling sounds , and can be chewed on . What more could a baby ask for ? Highly reccommended for even the youngest babies . My little niece likes them alot .
 I have not been able to introduce my granddaughter to her new toys . You see our house burnt last Tuesday and I have not seen my granddaughter since . Our family has been split up . We had no insurance . However , the toys have been played with by me and I hope to introduce her to them soon .
 My son was given this gift the day he was born . I thought it was the sweetest toy ! It 's so soft and floppy and lovable ! My son is three years old now and loves this giraffe . He sleeps with it every night and has gone through several phases where he 's taken Giraffe almost everywhere with him . It 's durable , easy to clean -LRB- I 've never had to do anything more than spot cleaning with a damp cloth because it cleans so well -RRB- , and the kids love it!My son and I love this toy so much that I 've purchased one just like it as a baby-shower gift for a dear friend . Hopefully her and her son will love it as much as us !
 This was a gift for my 4 year old son . He ca n't get enough of it . He has to fight with his 9 year old sister and his father to have a turn though . It 's really great teaching him timing and eye-hand coordination .
 `` I do n't know how any kid lives without this . '' That is what my husband said after our 5 year old got this wonderful invention for Christmas and he and his 6 year old sister -LRB- and my husband -RRB- love it . It is easy to use , even for a 5 year old , teaches hand/eye coordination , and is overall a great toy .
 We have three different sets of these Bonz . My kids love them . They seem durable and they have a lot of fun mixing and matching . The only complaint that we have is that the joints are very difficult to get back out of the holes . Overall , it is a great toy .
 great service in getting it here . Perfect condition . Very pleased with whole purchase experience including the great doll . Thank you .
 My son , 5 , received this toy as a gift and he loves it . It 's composed of many hard plastic parts that can be combined in many ways . He plays with it for hours , making up his own imaginary creatures . The theme is stylized pre-historic dinosaur . Plus they glow in the dark ! Plus it comes in a tube that can be used as a storage cannister so the pieces stay together for next time . I highly recommend it . Are other versions available ?
 Skeletons that are durable , fun , wacky , easy for small hands to put together , and glow in the dark ... wow , where has this been hiding !? My boys 3 and 5 LOVE this toy . It really works their imagination . I can not wait to give them the Exobonz for Christmas !
 This is a great toy that my 5 year old received . It can make a wide variety of very unusual creatures . The only problem is that they do n't hold together very well so if your child is easily frustrated , you will need to prepare them .
 Anything that will keep 3 boys busy is an A + in my book . The best toy purchase I 've ever made .
 My 5 year old boy received this as a `` santa gift . '' This by far was his favorite toy this christmas ! He spends alot of time making monsters to scare his little sister . The container is great for storage too ! I am definately going to order the larger set next time !
 Great for children who like to build or solve puzzles . Keeps them busy for hours .
 Even though I love the idea behind this toy , I feel they should have worked harder on having the pieces stay interconnected . The first few times my child created something , it would fall apart easily . He could not hold it up to `` show '' us what he did .
 I purchased several Globonz sets for kids ages 8-14 to play with in groups during a summer class during which we explored real and mythical animals . Turning the Globonz sets into a game made it more fun for everyone.I simply made up some spinners -LRB- purchased blank at an education supply store -RRB- with categories as follows
 We own a lake house with a rustic theme accented with moose decor . We have a cute little guest house that our nieces and nephews hang out in when they visit , and we have several stuffed moose 's that help decorate this adorable and cozy space .
 My 2 year old son is giving this as a gift to our new baby . He has his own stuffed reindeer and wanted the baby to have something like it of her own . It is adorable ! So soft and cuddly . Great stuffed animal .
 This is a soft & cute moose . Floppy & easy to pose . An adorable addition to my moose collection .
 The Moose was a gift for a friend . We have been in search of the Mary Meyer Floppy Moose for awhile . This is the moose however it is the wring size . The seller did advertise it correctly we just ca n't find the larger one . We are looking for this ame moose by Mary Meyer but larger . The gift was still great and the product was shipped right away . thank you
 I got this for Christmas and it is very cool . After using about one full charge to tweak with it and get it fully stabilized on the ground , the next time it was charged I was ready to get it off the ground and into the air ! It flies great , but you need a lot of space . Also , it only takes about 15 minutes to charge , and you get almost the same amount of flying time , which is great for an RC that runs by a charger .
 I have this car and it looks so cool -- AND YOU CAN PUT THE DOORS BACK ON ! My remote works , and the car is small because in Tokyo , most people walk or ride on bikes or stuff like that , and they have very small cars . If you went to the Bratzpack.com site , you would know -- everyone should really check out the Tokyo tidbits , you can learn a lot !
 This is the coolest car for the Bratz ! And i agree with the other reviewerz the green car is better that the yellow one ... I am asking for it for Christmas and man , i ca n't wait ! This would make an excelent Christmas gift for any girl ages 6 and up ... I am 12 yearz old.Thanx 4 reading !
 this car is pretty dinky -LRB- meaning small -RRB- and its not really worth the money but if yourwilling to pay the price its great to play with .1 . its cool coz you can drive it with remote controls so you dont have to push it around like any other cars2 . its really cool to have for the bratz ! 3 . can i say that i am a teenager and yet i have 15 bratz so what there not babyish !!!
 i hope Santa can bring me it . bratz are very cool gals . they go everywhere from tokyo to surfboarding i just luv em ' no other doll is as good !
 this car looks so cool!i want to get it so badly!i hope my parents will let me get it!a couple days ago i got the sushi lounge so i do n't know if the 'll let me but the sushi is also really cool.i think this green car looks better than the yellow car.i think this would be a great toy for anyone who likes bratz.thanx for looking!i hope this helps you !
 I bought this toy for my daughter when she was about 4 months old and just learning how to hold herself up before crawling . I thought that she might be able to roll on top of it to learn to crawl , but that did n't work at all . However , she did play with this toy frequently over many , many months . The combination of music and sounds , lights , rotating dog and cat faces on the ends , colors , and crinkly material all kept her occupied and developing cognitive skills for hours . Rolling this around the room with her also helped in developing gross motor skills . My daughter is now nearing 3 years old , and just the other day told me that `` this is for babies '' and that she had finally outgrown it . This is now a rare , hard to find toy . If you could find one , I recommend it highly for an infant child .
 This toy is really fun for play with a baby . Our little one enjoyed it more than most of the many other toys that we have in our home . I recommend it highly .
 This toy is my daughter 's absolute favorite . It goes everywhere with her . So it does get pretty beat up and dirty . We bought a second so that when one needs a good washing we can switch it out with the other . This toy puts up with quite a beating and shows no wear from the washer and dryer . The eyes are n't showing any signs of loosening at all . I love this line of `` Ty '' toys !
 Got a phenomenal price for this toy on Amazon . Seemed too good to be true , but did not disappoint upon arrival . My daughter loves it . The horse and Barbie are quite pretty . Lots of pony accessories .
 This is a very beautiful set , but , for us , has a funny story . I was looking for a dark haired doll for an adopted child in our family . We wanted to give her a doll that looked like her . She has dark hair and tan skin . When I looked at this doll , she looked like she would match the child we were giving this to . However , when it came , the doll was african american ... the child is not . I got the giggles because the doll that I got to look like this child looks nothing like her . Having said that , she is a beautiful doll and this set is very nice . I am sure this little girl will just love this set . However , it wo n't be because the doll looked like her - grin!I added this information because I know there are families looking for african american dolls for their girls . This doll is african american -LRB- which I did n't see in the description and could n't clearly tell from the picture -RRB- . Both the doll and the set are very nice and well made . Enjoy !
 I got many compliments on this gorgeous set . It is even more beautiful in person . Anyone who saw it was drawn to it , and the kids loved it . It is very sturdy , although one slat did break , but I think it just had a loose staple . Even adults sat in the chairs and they had no problems . The only downside I had was that the paint came off in chips a little more readily than a child 's table and chairs should .
 Our little one 's favorite lovey . She hated pacifiers but used the giraffe 's nubs to sooth herself . I ordered extra to switch them out and be able to have one in the wash and one for play . She found my stash and now insists on sleeping with all 4 . I will probably be ordering more !
 This giraffe is my daughter 's `` Boo '' . She is two and has had one since birth -LRB- before as it was originally mine -RRB- . I have washed it many times and it is well loved :-RRB- We bought the second as a back up recently , but she found it and has adopted it as her own already . She loves it almost as much as the first !! Very soft and cuddly , we love our `` Boo ''
 We 've owned four of five of these little guys . Once we realized our daughter had grown deeply attached , I would buy an extra to have on hand whenever I was lucky enough to come across one in a shop . New , he is super soft and a bit fluffy looking.He has a smile made of thread that was always the first thing my daughter `` wore out '' . Rather than stitched completely across , it is only tacked down on the ends and in the center . She would rub and twist on his face until the thread broke and he looked as if he has whiskers or a mustache.She loves him to death and has long figured out that the multiple animals we tried rotating through , were certainly not the same . She calls the others his cousins or uncle , etc. . The most recent addition , she never did take to , as she had loved down the others so well , the newer fluffier one does n't satisfy.Our daughter is turning 6 this year and for Christmas , we had a portrait made of her `` Giraffey '' so he 'll always be remembered long after every thread is gone .
 This little giraffe is very loved by my granddaughter . The giraffe is always there in her bed at naptime and bedtime . She has a backup giraffe in case she loses the first one .
 My oldest has one of these , and after our move I could n't find it ! We had to get two more , one for him and one for his baby `` brubber '' . They LOVE them and cuddle up to them every night !
 The Ultimate Volleyball net is extremely sturdy and well-made . The anntennas are tied on with shoelaces and do n't seem to quite fit the length of the net , we 've had to make new holes on the antenna pockets . The Kevlar cable at top is not a steel cable , rather it is Kevlar material -LRB- twine -RRB- intertwined with very thin steel wire . It is very durable but the cable stretches and eventually the net begins to sag in the middle as play continues throughout the day . The green rope ties on the sides are unique and work very well and are easy to adjust .
 A friend bought this for my son when he was four to help with bad dreams . The mottled fabric looks like camouflage so he got a back-story of being in the Elephant Marines , on special deployment to help fight the `` bad guys '' in my son 's dreams . It worked , and five years later Sgt. Major is still his best friend . He 's worn well-his fur is n't so fluffy or bright , and his stuffing has slipped out of his neck , but he is still in great shape considering the abuse kids put toys through . No tears or torn seams like other toys . We recently ` recruited ' a new one -LRB- Captain Jack-who served with Sgt. Major overseas -RRB- to help with new adventures . I heartily recommend this elephant-I do advise you hide the peanut butter though . : -RRB-
 I bought this toy in order to give it to my friend 's son , I needed to find a toy that will not be dengerous , not heavy or even does n't contain any hazrdious materials for those below 2 years , and I found it . The boy liked it very much , he is only 3 months old :-RRB- and I really liked the toy also it 's really amazing that I wished I had one before :D looooool
 ExoBonz rocks . You can make lobsters -LRB- with claws that open and close -RRB- , spiders with bendable legs , grasshoppers and beetles with movable wings . The best part is you can combine and create your own . My kids play with this set for hours . I highly recommend any of the Bonz toys .
 My Daughter got this for her birthday last year . The horse gets five stars all the way . She never really showed interest in the doll and the other accessories , that is why I gave it an overall four stars . A year later , the horse still goes with her everywhere and I love the imagination that comes with it . God willing , we will be getting her the baby horse for christmas this year to add to her fun .
 We bought this for my niece and she has tons of fun . Lots of small parts though . Those get lost in no time .
 We got this toy for my daughter 's 8th birthday . She takes horseback riding lessons and my older daughter jumps as well , so this present was by far the favorite . My girls already love to play horse jumping games and this horse is perfect for that . The jump itself is a bit of a hassle because you can move the poles around and they fall off easily , but other than that this toy has been a huge hit around our house .
 Hi , I bought this for my 6-year old daughter a few weeks ago at Toy 's R Us for $ 14.99 . It was on clearance with extra off . You should check there first ! Great price . Great toy .
 My 6 year old pony-collecting daughter loves this horse and `` jumps '' her around the house with and without the barbie rider . The jump , stand and other accessories are cheap but the pony seems very durable . I read a negative review because it did n't jump on its own like the similar Tawny walking pony - but come on now , what do you expect ? I love that it does n't require on/off switch or frequent battery replacement , yet it is complex enough to teach a realistic jumping technique . Especially great if your horse-fan prefers hands-on play . Price varies a lot - Amazon had the best !
 Both my daughters loved this one . Should have bought 2 for the price . I did n't know that the horse made real horse sounds . Very nice .
 I was not very impressed by this toy . I bought the walking horse for my other daughter and worried that they would both want that one.This horse `` jumps '' when you pull the legs back , so the horse is never really on the ground . You have to just imagine the horse jumping in the air . The doll has a hard time staying on , also and her boots fall off too easily.That being said , my daughter loved this toy . She enjoyed making the horse look like it was jumping and she thought the one that walked by itself was boring because you did n't have to do anything . She also loved the ribbons and trophy the horse came with.I gave this toy four stars based on my child 's reaction and enjoyment of this product .
 Bought this as a Christmas gift , it was over the top ! All the kids loved this . They especially loved the bendable legs on Tawney -LRB- the horse -RRB- none of my nieces had that on their other toys .
 My 6 years old daughter simly adores this toy especially the horse ! She has it for 2 months and has n't lost her interest on it -LRB- yet -RRB- !! She runs around the house with the horse pretending they are jumping together and she really likes the sound that it makes . The doll is also very good quality because the hair after two months is still soft and like new.It 's perfect for girls who love horses .
 My nephew loved it . He calls it his baby monkey ! He enjoys the soft texture and that he can sit by himself ! It will be a great replacement when Big monkey falls apart !
 Such a well made stuffed animal . I recently bought two for my 1 year old son . His two older brothers each have a monkey that they sleep with and just adore . I looked high and low for a monkey for the baby and finally I found this one and it 's PERFECT ! Great size , well made and adorable ! Super soft and cuddly .
 Mattie Monkey is very soft and small enough for my little niece to handle . Good quality , very good gift .
 This Car Is So Cool !!! And You Know Whats Good About It ??? Its Small So You Can Bring It Anywhere . -LRB- With Out Your FriendsParents Getting Mad At You For Bringing To Much For A Playday Or Sleepover
 This car is the best ! Being the first remote-control car i 've ever had it 's so cool driving it around the house and scaring my cats . But are house is mostly covered in rug and the car onlt gos foward and backward on rugs ! And you can not use it without the remote , since the wheels do n't move alone . Otherwise this car is awesome , I totally reccomend it !
 This little car is sooo much fun . My mom gave this to me last summer and I still play with it ALL THE TIME ! I can put two Bratz dolls in it and take them for a spin . It works very well . The car lights up when you turn it on , the doors have buttons to open them , the see-thru top comes off and the car becomes a convertible . The remote control works well if you follow the instructions , it can even turn around clockwise or counterclockwise and change directions very quickly . Inside the car are seatbelts for the dolls and the buckets seatbacks fold down . When the car is running , avoid any uneven surfaces such as small rugs b ` cuz driving over these will make the car doors pop open . The dolls do n't fit so easily inside , you have to snap off their shoes . I noticed the car runs better on hardwood or vinyl floors with no rugs or carpeting . I would n't take this outside and run it on the sidewalk or the ground , it will get messed up . I have to say the best thing about this toy is that the Bratz looks so cute riding around in it ! Sooo awesome ! I even let Dad play with it sometimes when he is good , ha ha ha !!!
 I THINK I AM GETTING THIS CAR FOR CHRISTMAS BECAUSE I SAW THIS CROSSED OUT ON A LIST OF GIFTS . . THIS IS VERY COOL AND I CA N'T WAIT TILL ' TOMORROW TO SEE IF I GOT IT!HERE ARE SOME THANGS THAT MAKE THIS A GREAT TOY : ~ ITS SMALL AND EASY TO CARRY ~ ITS SMALL SO YOU CAN BRING IT ANYWHERE ~ YOU DO N'T HAVE TO PUSH IT ~ ITS COOL FOR BOYS AND GIRLSITS GREAT FOR KIDS OF ALL AGES ~ ITS COOL AND NEWITS CUTE AND IT ACTUALLY FITS DOLLS !! I WANT THIS CAR MORE THAN ANYTHING ON MY LISTMERRY CHRISTMAS !!
 I never use to like Bratz until now-AFTER i found out how much fun they can be ! :-RRB- They are stylish , trendy teens and each of them is different in personality
 just recently 11 members of my family including my hubby and i went on an alaskan cruise ... wonderful ... anyway i waited until the ` formal ' dinner on board ... and when everyone had gotten their desserts ... i quietly pulled the ` fork ' out of my purse ... and tasted everyone 's dessert around me ... it was fun ... pictures were taken and taken and the memory is a fun one ... love the product ... so did my family ... they asked to take turns with it ... good for a laugh ...
 This fork is AMAZING ! It 's awesome to see peoples ' reactions when you use it against them ! I love to play jokes on others and this fork is very useful ! I highly suggest this fork ! It 's very durable and very fun !
 I am a professional presenter and public speaker so I am always looking for props to use in my presentations . The Freeloader Fork can be used to illustrate quite a few principles , such as
 Well worth the money for the entertainment that it provides . It 's always a surprise when it comes out at the dinner table .
 This is a great gag gift for someone . However , I ca n't recommend it as a `` quality '' fork . I probably would n't even eat off of it but it is a very funny gift !
 My granddaughter loved the fork , she is 8 yrs old and loves to play tricks on people . She enjoyed stealing her sisters food and will take it to her Nana 's for Thanksgiving to play the same trick .
 Wow ! What can I say , my kids and the kids on our block totally love this vehicle.We decided on the Escalade because it was pretty roomy inside . My two girls are tall and they felt that this was a good size -LRB- ages 4 and 6 -RRB- . Also , the features were really cool - they loved the radio and simulated CD player.It was fairly easy to put together -LRB- I love my powered screw driver -RRB- and since my husband was out of town , I had to do it myself . I had no issue!The battery lasts for hours , which is great - I was expecting the car to stop after an hour or so , but it still kept going . The battery strength indicator light is nice to have.I highly recommend !
 My mom and dad gave my son this car for his 6th birthday and he loves it , he does n't wan na get off of it and the battery lasts very long . He rode it for like 4 hours straight and there was no need to recharge it . As for durability , I give it a 5 for now because he has bumped it against the fence and a concrete wall many times and it hasnt ' broken , I also got on it and i weigh 170 pounds and it worked just fine , except i was cramped in there , but that 's obvious because i 'm an adult.So overall I love it , it was a great gift .
 The esclade is great the battery holds up for a long time it rides excellent in the grass or concrete . I had the hummer which i returned the battery was horrible and it sound like it was struggling when my daughter rode it and she is only 25 pds . I highly reccomend this toy and the radio with the walkie talkie keeps them busy . The only problem is my husband wants to make the radio louder and he says it needs to hold 165pds instead of 130 so he can ride it . BEST TOY EVER !!!! EXCELLENT CHRISTMAS GIFT !!!!
 My daughter who just turned 4 years old , selected the Escalade over the other Barbie Jeeps . This Power Wheel has amble room and the radio & speakers are outragious . The Escalade is in a class by itself . I was lucky to find one in the Toys R Us store . Excellent gift .
 My husband and I bought this for our three year old son this past December and my son has been in it everyday -LRB- we live in FL -RRB- !! The radio is great - picks up all the best stations and the simulated CD is great as well . The battery lasts and lasts before it needs recharging . I rated it a 5 for educational as well because we are learning our right and left turns in a fun way at an early age , as well as early driving skills and confidence . I would advise if giving it as a gift to charge the battery well in advance -LRB- first charge needs 24-30 hours -RRB- . It is really big , our 12 yr old neighbor had a ride -LRB- up to 130lbs ! -RRB- Seats two , and my 6 month old will be able to ride it as well soon enough!It is very durable and comes with an extra wheel rim ! The only thing that would make it better is rubber strips on the wheels and a little horn .
 This Escalade is the best thing that they could have brought out . It is way better than the Hummer that is now played out . What better way to make money than to bring out a luxurious toy like this with crome wheels , a radio and speakers the only thing thats missing is the spinners . This will be the top selling toy .
 Let me start off by saying We Love this Toy . However , we are on our 2nd one . We bought our 4 year old a black one for Christmas . We had problems with our radio from day one . In March I stopped by ToysRUs to talk to the manager to tell him the problem . He easily swapped it out and gave us the new pink/purple one . Which was awesome . However , again we started having problems with the radio . It started shutting itself off when you hit a bump , and then decided to stay on and not go off until the batteries ran out . I called the buyers protection plan people and asked about this problem . I was informed they are getting almost daily calls with the radios not working . They suggested having the store manager get in touch with the Manufacturer to see if there will be a fix . Obviously we will still have fun without the radio , but it was a very nice feature . We Would still buy again because my daughter is having the best time with it .
 I bought this for my daughter for Christmas who is 3 and my 1 year old sits in the passenger seat . They absolutely love it . And unlike some of the other power wheels we have purchased -LRB- vw bug and the corvette -RRB- it is both durable and does not get stuck easily . Also , it can actually go uphill !! If your not letting them ride in a controlled area -LRB- such as a basketball court -RRB- it is best to ride a bike along side them since you have to run to keep up with this fast paced kiddy vehicle . Overall I would recommend this to anyone with a child over 3 - 3 1/2 . Younger children should sit in the passenger seat and only if they have good head control -LRB- personally I would say over 1 year -RRB- .
 I WENT TO TOYS R US TO PRICE THE BLACK CADILLAC ESCALADE FOR MY SON TODAY AND HAD PLANNED ON GETTING THE DORA ATV FOR MY DAUGHTER BUT TO MY SURPRISE THEY HAVE THE HOT PINK AND PURPLE BARBIE ESCALADE EXT NOW ! IT IS JUST TOO ADORABLE !!!
 This is my best purchase ever , I bought it for my 5yo and he is never out of it I also have a 2 yo that a very happy passenger . Its cute , durable and lots of fun . . We have kids lined up to ride in it . It is very roomy and entertains for hours . My son knows when to get out from the battery indicator which is a great thing go have , along with the radio :-RRB- . Would suggest this to anyone lookin for value for money
 My son loves his new Christmas present . I 'll need to purchase those bands to go on the tires for extra traction . The sticker is a pain to remove . I heated it up with a hair dryer and it helped .
 I just got this truck for my son for christmas . He loved it . I think I loved it more then him though . I wish I could weigh down to 130 lbs so I could ride in this thing , this thing is cool . In fact the only thing that I can see as being wrong is that we actually had to add 30 lbs of weight in the bed of this truck so it could drive better over grass . Other then that this toy is flawless .
 I bought this for my daughetrs christmas this year we had no problems putting the truck together but however I had a lot of trouble getting the sticker off one of the trucks doors we tryed a lot of things but just keep smering everywear I was very disappointed about working for a least 20 minutes now trying to scrap it off without messing it up and putting no scaches on it but no luck yet hopefully we can get it off if anyone has any ideas to get the sticker off let me know please and by the way has anyone else that bought this truck have you had the same problem with the sticker issue ? Overall this is a great truck
 I purchased the pink one from a major toy store for $ 319 . What 's with the $ 600 price here ? I thought $ 319 was a lot.Anyway , everyone loves this vehicle and it was worth the price because children just NEVER get bored with it . It is powerful and can drive on grass and up and down gradual sidewalks . I bought it for my 7-year old and she and her friends all love it and she will still fit into the car until about age 9 , I guess -LRB- and she is a normal-sized child -RRB- . The radio can not be heard when driving though.The `` seat belts '' have Velcro on them and are for `` decoration only '' so they do n't really secure the child into the car . As a passenger , my 2-year old actually fell out the door onto the sidewalk when the car was driven up a gradual curb . So I went to a fabric store and purchased plastic buckles -LRB- like the ones on strollers -RRB- and also purchased nylon belt -LRB- like on strollers -RRB- which is sold by the yard . The belt easily threads through the seat and works well . I did n't sew -- just tied knots for the buckles to stay . Really , putting in these `` seat belts '' is so easy a monkey could do it and it is necessary for the children who are younger than kindergarten . I was walking right next to the car but my toddler fell out so fast that even with my quick reflexes I could not catch him -LRB- mom nightmare -RRB- . The manufacturer probably does not include real seat belts for liability purposes.Again , this car may be expensive , but well worth it and we can probably sell it after my child outgrows it.BTW , my son shares this computer so there are some reviews by him under this name .
 I had the hardest time getting one shipped in last year due to Hurricane Katrina . I ordered one and it was lost , so I ordered something else from another company because you had ran out . Long story short , after a delivery of the wal mart version -LRB- no radio -RRB- a Hummer -LRB- which he wanted originally and still wants , loll -RRB- We received this hummer two days before Christmas with all the craziness with shipping to our area ... and it is a Great Toy . It is a hit in the neighborhood . They all like to ride and play with the radio and cb radio inside . Infact , I have seen 3 pack in and on the Escalade , and it is still going strong . I have also driven it and I weigh 115 lbs and it still has a lot of power to move . He has crashed into bricks , mail boxes etc -LRB- usually when he lets his friends drive -RRB- and it still has held up . I would say this is a great toy for boys ... they love it . The only think I wonder is why do n't they actually make the tires with rubber traction for easer turns on the grass ... that would be an added value at the prices they are . Any ride on for over 200.00 should come with rubber traction on the wheels . A + + toy !
 My 3 year old just loves it . . This truck has been great and very durable . . I have a 9 year old boy and he and his friends have just as much fun as my little one . . We love the fact that we are the only one in the neighborhood that has the black escalade . . We have certainly got our moneys worth . .
 MY SON IS 15 MONTHS AND HE LOVES THIS THING!HE 'S IN IT EVERYDAY , LOVES THE RADIO TOO!IT 'S TE COOLEST TOY , IF YOU LIKE TO INDULGE YOUR CHILD !
 This toy makes you want to be a kid again . We laughed so hard watching the kids ride this over the bumps in the grass on the neighbors yard . Do n't stand in front of this toy !!!
 This is hard to find . I had bought one four years ago which was red and my grandchild loved it . So when my second grandchild came along I thought I would get another . I had to hunt for this one and found it here at Amazon.Pooh talks and his head wiggles and plays lullabies in a separate mode . Belly Lights up . Is a great bedtime toy .
 My daughter absolutely loves this interactive Pooh toy . It is ideal when traveling to bring a piece of home wherever you go . Does n't take long for them to learn that pressing Pooh 's hunny pot gets him to sing ! I find myself humming his little song at work and it makes me smile . Great buy ! Great value ! Came with batteries and are still going after 4mths of daily use .
 I had looked and looked for these in stores . Could n't find . So glad Amazon has such a wide variety of products . The pencils are fun little extras to have for kids . Lots of colors . Handy , ready to use . Already sharp as you push each one up .
 Gave as a gift to a 7 year old Star Wars nut . He liked it and I am guessing by now it is buried with all the other Star Wars toys .
 Back in the early 1940 's the Batman comic books were only eclipsed by the popularity of the Superman books as the world 's most popular superhero . Back then the world knew it NEEDED a great superhero to save a doomed planet from horrible evils . The stories of the Batman were bathed in dark and gloomy shadows at the end of some nasty alley full of vermin that only the caped crusader and his loyal ward Robin could spite down . And to get into the bowels of the horrible city called Gotham they needed a vehicle that cast as much fear onto baddies as they did . The Batmobile was born.Corgi , has been one of the leaders of die-cast cars for so many decades now that like Matchbox , they are a company like non-other and a fitting toy maker to do Batman proud . This 1:24 scale die-cast beauty is really solid and cool for the eyes . The two front doors open and that 's it for features as the rest is all about just how great it looks as a well-built quality machine . This is a roadster I would like to have built for myself after a few bags of money drop from the skies onto my front porch as I wan na be as cool as Batman.This ai n't no Toyota Corolla ... This is the Batmobile!Four Stars !
 This a great plane for the money . The instructions are hard to read because whoever wrote them did not know english but it is pretty easy to figure out .
 Tamiya tape is often regarded as the best modelling tape and rightly so . It rarely bleeds through a tight edge and it is easy to apply and work onto a model surface .
 This tape work very well I have other tape and had problems with it staying in place and bleeding This tape I will buy again . I have no bleed or lack of sticking
 I bought this toy for my niece for Christmas . She collects Calico Critters and has been talking for the longest time about how she wants the carriage to push the babies around in . When I got this in the mail the toy looked even better than the picture . Being new to Calico Critters , I did n't realize when I ordered that it came with the momma and the two baby rabbits . I 'm so excited to give this to her , I know she is going to LOVE it ! Definitely worth the money !
 My two year old loves the carriage that this set came with . Beware of pure white critters
 If anyone buys this it is so adorable . I wish I had this set when I was young - - but at least my grandchildren have it . So cute , Well made . Details are unbelieveable . I love this my self and so do my grandchildren .
 These calico critters are so cute . We also purchased the kitchen set . Living room and nursery . I sometimes find myself wanting to play with it too ! My daughter adores it and it keeps her away from the TV !
 My 4 year old daughter loves her Critters . They are so sweet and a real enjoyable toy to have around . If I 'm going to step on something a thousand times a day , this is n't such a bad thing . They are flocked and smooth which is great for my very sensory-seeking child . She loves textures and seeks out that extra stimulation . No other toy that I know of is soft like Critters.They are posable and also able to change clothes which she just loves to do . A nice , sweet toy for my little girl .
 I 've been collecting Calico Critter sets `` for my daughter '' since she was a toddler . Yes , they are overpriced for what you get and they come excessively -LRB- though attractively -RRB- packaged . But they are just so cute that I ca n't restrain from myself for buying a new animal family each Christmas.A Carriage Ride was one of the first sets I purchased . The toys are well made and come with removable clothes -LRB- very important if you have a young girl -RRB- . These little creatures can really spur a young one 's imagination and get them going on wonderful little games of their own making -LRB- so much better than screen time -RRB- . My only complaint is that the baby clothes are so tiny they are ridiculously hard to get on the bunnies . We were looking at Calico Critters to buy as a gift and my daughter said , `` Do n't buy the babies because it 's too hard to dress them . `` So , there you have it . Baby clothes could be a little more robust , but the toys hold up well overall -LRB- with light to moderate play -RRB- and are just so stinkin ' cute . Will be saving these in case I ever have the privilege of grandchildren .
 My little GrandDaughters play with their Calico Critters a lot . They are very cute , detailed , and sturdy . This one was a great addition to the others , for Easter .
 My girls love this toy . I have to be careful the babies ' little tiny rattle does n't get lost , but other than that , it 's holding up really well to pretty constant play . My older daughter likes to undress and re-dress the babies , and their little clothes are starting to look slightly the worse for wear and wo n't last forever , but the stroller is still in great shape and it is still a consistently played-with favorite .
 The little critters are so fun . My daughter loved them and now my grandkids adore them . amazon is fantastic to have them I ca n't find them anywhere else . we ordered them before christmas and ups did n't deliver them . we emailed amazon and they overnighted a new set and they came before christmas . I have used and liked amazon a lot before . I love amazon now . Thanks Amazon you are terrrific !!!!!!
 The products is really as it looks . Great if the child is into Calico Critters
 Adorable characters , seems sturdy for doll house items . Pricey stuff , Calico Critters but the kiddies sure love it !
 My daughter received these as a birthday gift in December 2006 and in June 2008 they are still in excellent shape . They are very durable and the suction cup on the cup stand is very strong . They 're inexpensive and they do n't get mildewy or gross in the tub or shower . I 'd recommend them to the Pooh fan in your house or as a great gift for any little one who enjoys their tub time .
 My kids have had this toy for at least two years and it 's still one of their favorites . I was looking for it as a gift now for my nephew and thought I 'd leave a review . So many tub toys are the same ` ol , same ` ol ... this is one of those that 's NOT . It 's held up great , even after being sanitized in a bleach solution several times . No mold , no fading , no cracks or missing pieces . Love it !
 My 4 year old is very messy , so this toy has been washed many times and is still in new condition .
 so ya , I bought this for myself , I 'm 26 ... but I LOVE unicorns !!! It 's so fluffy and cute . It 's made really well . Is a great toy for a little kid I 'm sure . But it 's sitting on my shelf :-RRB- It looks great along side my unicorn bandaids
 perfect unicorn for a little girl . not too big , and super soft and cuddly
 Bought this unicorn for my granddaughter . She dearly loves it . It is adorable and well made . It was exactly what she wanted . We both could n't be happier .
 My daughter wished -LRB- on a wishbone -RRB- for a real unicorn . Since that 's not possible -LRB- ! -RRB- we bought her this one . It has a very cute face , is soft and cuddly and she loves it . Perfect size for carrying around if necessary .
 This unicorn is the cutest , softest animal . It retains its color and does n't get fuzzy or pilled.My child loves it madly .
 I lost a unicorn just like this , except for the fact that mine was pink and purple , after a lot of searching i finally found a duplicate of it using theFind.com . This unicorn is amazing , it 's soft , and squishy , and the most adorable unicorn you will ever see . You will definitely not regret buying it , that 's why i was so disappointing after finding that it was missing and plan to get a replacement . Yvonne has super uber soft fur and the tail and mane remain fluffy , any young girl would love this plush , i know i did . So take some advice from a unicorn lover and buy this stuffed animal before it dissapears again .
 Purchased this item for my niece to go with her new unicorn room . Its not to small or too big . Its super soft and adorable . Most importantly it won the approval of the 5 year old !
 My 3 year old granddaughter saw a pink poodle in a Curious George video and fell in love . I found the Mary Meyer Sweet Rascals Pink Poodle and bought it instantly . My granddaughter loves it . Made well and is very cute .
 Such a cute little poodle . My daughter was a pink poodle for Halloween . She loved having a `` twin '' to carry around with her , especially one that also has blue eyes :-RRB- Cute , durable and just the right size .
 This stuffed poodle is exceptionally well-made with fine details . The fur is ultra-soft . My 5 year old daughter loves it !
 One of the ears sticks up . Wont stay down . Cute . Pretty color . Suitable for a little girls pink bedroom . Sweet rascal .
 I have tried different types of tape for selective staining on woodworking projects as a furniture maker and the painter 's tape you buy in the home centers is for latex paint , solvent based products and water borne clear coats will release the adhesive and/or leak under the tape.I bought the 6 , 18 , and 40 mm wide for different applications . It covers well and is somewhat transparent so you can see thru to what you are taping to below . Just make sure to burnish the edge so paint ca n't get under it .
 Review asks questions as if this is a toy - it is not . It is a very good crafting accessory which I use in building models . AAA + rating on product and seller .
 My family and I won a Silent Auction Bid for 4 nights at a luxurious cabin in Big Trees , California . It was here that my 10 year old grandson discovered this fun game which we played the whole while we were up there . After a search o the Internet I was surprised to find the game which we played again last month . It 's an easy game to learn with cards with 8 words on each one . There are two Teams . If Team A consists of 2 people one member checks to see how many of the 8 words he/she knows and puts objects in a bin to add up to that number . Then his/her team member listens attentively to the description of each word , trying to get the answer before the salt timer runs out . If a teammate can not come up with the word then the opponents can take a guess and advance on the Board . This game is well worth checking out .
 Gld I found this game again . Fun and fast paced and great game for game night .
 We played this first at a friend 's house and had to have one for ourselves . But it is not a game for those `` no-think '' nights . And in our family too much chatter going on makes it even more challenging . But if you want a game that helps fight off alzheimer 's this is the game for you .
 I had to buy this item sight unseen without the benefit of many reviews , so I thought I 'd write down my thoughts for the aid of any future buyers : first , this is a midlevel table - on the one hand , it 's not Superchexx -LRB- which given its incredible durability may be worth the $ 2700 if you have it to spend -RRB- and on the other hand , you can find much cheaper tables if you need to save the money . But this one requires negligible assembly -LRB- bolting on legs is easy and takes less than 30 minutes -RRB- and is basically ready to play on arrival , which to me makes it much better than the cheap tables -LRB- just look around for the many assembly horror stories on those -RRB- . There 's also a certain level of quality control that comes from having it pre-assembled and inspected already , etc. . It also has some features the lower tier games lack , like a puck return system , etc. -LRB- see below on that -RRB- . Price-wise I found it online for $ 725 including shipping -LRB- which seems to be the manufacturer 's required `` minimum advertised price '' so that was as low as I could get online - maybe if you have a local dealer in your neighborhood you can negotiate a lower price from them -RRB- . For what I found , this was the cheapest -LRB- and I think best -RRB- of the `` midlevel '' tables.It 's also lightweight for such a table
 After several months of research , this was the closest I could find to a super chexx table , at a fraction of the cost . Simply put this table is amazing , it plays exactly like a super chexx , the ice surface is fantastic and slides like real ice , the main difference from this and a SC table is this does not have the electronic puck ejector , it uses a push rod that shoots the puck over the net . And it also has the scoreboard by the handles as opposed inside the bubble like a SC table , I actually prefer this way . On the super chexx tables you were bending over looking under that scoreboard , hurting your back , this table does not have that issue.The previous review mentioned the goal horn sounded cheesy , personally I do n't think its that bad , i kinda like it , its nice and fairly loud too . The goal light is pretty neat too , SC tables do n't have that . The table seems well built and very sturdy , it has already provided endless hours of entertainment . We had 2 girls over playing it whom are n't hockey fans and they were having a riot . This is by far the best table on the market , especially for the money . Highly rec this table if you are in the market . Compare this table at $ 780 to $ 3,000 for a super chexx , seems like a no brainer . Not too mention its more eye appealing then a chexx table .
 I had to buy this item sight unseen without the benefit of many reviews , so I thought I 'd write down my thoughts for the aid of any future buyers : first , this is a midlevel table - on the one hand , it 's not Superchexx -LRB- which given its incredible durability may be worth the $ 2700 if you have it to spend -RRB- and on the other hand , you can find much cheaper tables if you need to save the money . But this one requires negligible assembly -LRB- bolting on legs is easy and takes less than 30 minutes -RRB- and is basically ready to play on arrival , which to me makes it much better than the cheap tables -LRB- just look around for the many assembly horror stories on those -RRB- . There 's also a certain level of quality control that comes from having it pre-assembled and inspected already , etc. . It also has some features the lower tier games lack , like a puck return system , etc. -LRB- see below on that -RRB- . Price-wise I found it online for $ 725 including shipping -LRB- which seems to be the manufacturer 's required `` minimum advertised price '' so that was as low as I could get online - maybe if you have a local dealer in your neighborhood you can negotiate a lower price from them -RRB- . For what I found , this was the cheapest -LRB- and I think best -RRB- of the `` midlevel '' tables.It 's also lightweight for such a table
 First , let me say that for the money this is an excellent buy for those looking for an arcade-like slot hockey given a Chexx table will cost 4x the $ $ $ . I purchased this as an `` upgrade '' from a lower Carrom model I purchased 10 years ago as this model -LRB- the 455 Elite -RRB- had the following improvements : * stands taller -LRB- no bending over to play if you are tall -RRB- * the score board does not obscure the playing field * the plastic bubble fits much better as it sets into grooves -LRB- vs Velcro on the other models -RRB- * the design style is much cleaner and the players have more details * most importantly the puck will not get stuck in the goalsThe table is easy to assemble but will require two people to assemble and move it . Be sure to assemble at the location you will be playing it . Also , the assembly instructions recommend spraying/wiping the playing field and control rods with silicon ; I would highly recommend you do this before playing.The only negative with my unit was that one of the players would not move freely , and would get jammed . Instead of returning the unit I removed all of the players which allows you to lift out the playing field and exposes the player rods and gear boxes . Though the rods can not be removed I was able to disassemble the problem gear box and re-set the gears which fixed the problem . Also , the puck ejection is VERY poorly conceived . You must `` slam '' a short control rod to eject the puck over the goal . You need to really hit that rod hard with the palm of your hand to get the puck to clear , small kids will have a hard time with that , plus for adults it can actually hurt your hand . A pinball like spring-plunger design would have worked much better , allowing for both ease and greater control in ejecting the puck . Lastly , this is an issue for me - the outside of the box was labeled `` Made in the USA '' , but a box within the box that contained the legs was labeled `` Made in China '' . For these reasons I am knocking one star off of my rating . But as I stated , it is a good buy .
 I am the lucky recipient of this hockey table -LRB- see Ellex62 review -RRB- and I must say it 's a beautiful table , and the game play is very very good . It has a quality feel about it , and the play area is big - bigger than a Chex ICE table , I believe.PROS : - Very easy set up - screw the base together , bolt the table to the legs , stick in batteries and its ready to play . - Excellent game play , machine times 3 periods and keeps electronic score . - Low profile dome , the unit looks fabulous in my man-room . - Exceptionally good customer service - see details below.CONS : - Sound effects are simple electronic beeps and sort of loud - no way to soften . - Puck ejector system works , but takes some getting used to -LRB- you slam a button to knock the puck back into play from the goal.I totally love this table and the quality seems to be very good . I must further comment on my wife 's description of the delivery fiasco and the follow up ... As she stated CEVA delivered the table , and the driver was 2 hours later outside a FIVE hour delivery window . When he arrived , our sprinklers were on and he demanded we shut them off . I explained we could n't because they were controlled by the condo complex . He rudely refused to bring the box to the front door which was 6 steps up . He dropped the huge box outside the garage door under the spray of a sprinkler getting the box wet . After we insisted that the box should be delivered to our front door , and while my wife was calling his dispatcher , he proceeded to open the box and carry the parts of the game up , lifting the game itself by the rod handles -LRB- which the manual says not to do -RRB- and getting the dome and the game table wet in the sprinklers . Outrageous!I shooed the driver away and assembled the game in the man cave and sure enough , it was defective . When the puck went into the goals the score would keep increasing 1-2-3-4-5 , etc. until you ejected the puck . Further , the game clock would not go beyond the first period.Ugh.I called the customer service 800 number at Carom an dspoke with a super helpful woman named Dawn . She explained that the scoring problem was most likely caused by either dirty or mis-asligned infrared eyes that are on either side of the goals . She suggested I look under the table to see if one of them was popped out of the j-hooks they set in , or if they were dirty . She also assured me that if this was n't the problem I would be able to pop out the scoring unit and ship that back for exchange - no need to ship the entire game.Sure enough one of the sensors was hanging from its wire and I was able to easily put it back in place and this cured both problems.SO ... bottom line , this is a beautiful table , the quality build seems very good , esp for the money . However , if you order off of Amazon you 're probably screwed if they send it by the same delivery service . The upside is , if you have a similar experience , your salvation will be dealing with customer service IF you have any damage as I did.Overall , I 'm very very pleased - just could have done without the delivery guy BS .
 Having grown up with the table hockey games which used metal players back in the 70 's and the game costing about 20 $ back then , I thought a treat for Christmas for myself would be purchasing this game ... its not cheap . about $ 750 USD.I received it to my delight prior to Christmas at my Florida residence -LRB- I am a Canadian -RRB- ... I was surprised that the box with the product in it was about 140lbs . You need to take it out of the box in pieces and put it together , not a big issue , but if you have no tools then its a problem.I got all together , it looked beautiful ! I was ready to play!However when I went to try it out , I went to move the goaltender , and it was completely frozen . I tried to force it slightly , no luck . Kept trying , no luck . I did n't want to force it too much more with fear of breaking it.I then phoned the Carrom service dept and they told me that I might have to send the whole thing back , as the mechanism was obviously stuck and they indicated it might have happened during shipping and/or manufacturing . They were very nice about it , I have to say . I was n't about to take it apart and put it all back in the box and ship it - that would have been major hassle . I thought to look deeper into the problem myself.Anyway , I took all the players off the game , and then removed the top cover -LRB- ice -RRB- - I checked the mechanism and it was completely locked . What had happened was that in manufacturing some glue had run into the mechanism controlling the goaltender and locked it . I worked on it to clean the glue , got it loose and then lubricated it with silicone lubricant . It now works great , all the game works great , its very much like the old days ... ! My only problem is that if you bought this for your child , and even if you got it together and you had the kind of problem I had and you were n't handy , it would be a huge problem to take it apart , put it back in the box and send it to the manufacturer . Its heavy , bulky and its almost Bar quality - like a foosball table.Thats my only issue with this , and I hope that others do n't experience this issue .
 I bought this table as an anniversary gift for my husband and he loves it but I want to caution people about delivery . Our table -LRB- purchased via Amazon -RRB- was delivered via CEVA . In addition to the fact that they were very late -LRB- a 12-5 window for delivery tied me up all afternoon . They arrived at 7 . The real kicker was that the delivery man refused to bring it inside . He kept telling us we ordered basic delivery -LRB- I had no choice of delivery options when I purchased -RRB- . He refused to carry it up the 6 steps to our front door saying it weighed 200 pounds and his wife was in the truck and could n't help . He left it in the driveway -LRB- under automatic sprinklers -RRB- while we called the manager.The manager was helpful and instructed him to get it inside but by then the box was open and he carried it in in pieces using the handles and poles to carry inside -LRB- despite all the cautions against doing so -RRB- . We are still uncertain if there is any longterm damage from this delivery but I would caution you to get information about how the delivery will be handled .
 My child first received Calico Critters as a birthday gift . This child is now a 14 yr . old freshman who relaxes from a stressful day by playing with their substantial collection of Calico Critters . They are very cute . If you purchase any of the Critters for a younger child , realize that the surface is not washable and every set does come with very tiny parts/pieces . And yes , we have discovered other older children who collect and play with these still as well .
 Very nice , high quality item . My boys , ages 6 and 8 , really enjoy playing with it , loading it up and unloading it . Lots of removable and movable parts . Lots of creative , imaginative playtime . Highly recommended for little boys !
 We often joke that my son could be a toy tester as he is so rough on them . However , the Bruder trucks really stand up to his play . We have a handful of different Bruder trucks , and he loves how realistic they are . Although he was only two when he got his first one , he quickly abandoned the chubby , cheerful toddler trucks made by other companies in favor of the Bruders . They do a good job of building in real-world functions , like hoses that wind up , cement drums that turn , and in this case , a container that is removable from the bed of the truck . Even my husband is enamored with Bruder trucks and says he wishes they had made them when he was little !
 This truck made our 5 year old grandson very happy . He loves to `` farm '' and we could n't find a truck that was roomy enough for him to haul things . What good is a truck that is too small to haul things ? He was one excited boy when he opened this . Grandpa and Grandma are a little concerned about durability -- it 's all plastic . We will see .
 My two year old recived this toy for his birthday . He loves it . I like that it can be taken with you . He loves the sounds it makes . I do think that it could be made a little better . The roof on the little station does not stay on but a little glue should fix that . Over all cute toy but I would not think that a kid over the age of 4 would enjoy it .
 We bought this train for our son who is 16 months old . He loves the moving parts , noises , buttons , etc. . The animals are just right for him to hold and play with . He can work everthing all by himself . The train goes really well off of the track , even on carpet . I have been very impressed with how durable it is .
 I bought two of them for two little boys . my grandson just loved it.he likes anything with cars.he is only 19 months old.I like that it is safe for them too
 I can not express how captivated my child is with this train . He plays with it for hours . This is exactly what I was looking for , and it goes anywhere .
 We got this toy as a part of a BOGO deal that Little Tikes was running around Easter time . We figured it would be an easy toy to pack for our trip to Florida and that it would be nice for our son to have something new to play with in the hotel room . From the moment the train came out of the package our son loved it . After reading some reviews we were a little concerned that the train would not run on the tracks ; however , the train/engine has yet to steer off the tracks unless pushed off by our son . It also moves nicely on tight pile carpet , tile and hard wood floors . The fold and go feature is nice ; however , it does easily unfold when bumped the wrong way .
 My 2 year old son played with this train -LRB- no tracks -RRB- when his speech therapist brought it to our house today . She normally brings many different toys to play with during the hour appointment . However , my son would n't let her put the train away ! She brought out many other toys to get him to switch , but he kept playing with the train for the entire time ! After she left I immediately went online to purchase it . I was surprised to see it came with a track , since we had played with it on the carpet . So , I ca n't review the tracks portion of the toy . But the train wins at our house for sure !
 Grandson loved this , and his parents loved the fact that it could fold up so easily and be put away
 I ordered a Bachman engine and tender to place in a display case ; I needed the tracks to set the scene . Naturally , the tracks ordered met the guage of the engine and tender .
 EZ track is easy to use and stays together without losing any electrical connections . These small pieces are always great to keep on hand to solve layout problems .
 These special tracks could not be found in any shop in Savannah , Ga. . The Bradford Exchange would have charged me three times as much for the same item .
 I painted it a different color and then built the model . it has a lot of little parts but is a good starter model .
 This item was a gift to my son for Christmas.As it was a last minute idea , it arrived with plenty of time to spare , thanks to exceptionally fast delivery.The toy has provided alot of entertainment.Thanks .
 Loved the music box , and it was in fine condition - but the shipping was n't good . It took a long while , and the box the music box came in was smashed and unusable . It was shipped in a puffy envelope , not a shipping box - horribly poor shipping in my opinion . But the item itself - discounting the shipping - was fine.They need to ship in the future in a box with good packing materials , not mail it in an envelope !
 I bought this music box for my 4 yr old daughter . She loves it !! It is perfect for her little hands to hold with out dropping . She loves that it lights up when she opens the lid . I am very happy with what I got for the price and I will more then likely buy more from the collection .
 This was a gift for my two year old daughter - I know she is too young to play with it by herself , but she is quite good about not destroying things and we just tell her `` one finger touch '' and she is very gentle with such items . This box has a great sound to it , like a music box should , -LRB- as long as you are not expecting the true mechanical quality of a $ 200 German music box -RRB- . The lit tree and rotating ring of skaters make it a great keepsake that we will pull out every Christmas and enjoy .
 I love this little music box . It looks like a classic expensive box from another era . I bought it to use with dolls and it is just perfect.donna
 Darling gift for grandchildren , stocking stuffers , Secret Santas . Of six grandchildren , allparticularly mentioned this one !
 This was a gift for my six-year old grandson . He put the clock together in short order and enjoyed doing it .
 bought it as i am wanting to become a watchmaker ... perfect buy for price and educational purposes ... however ... buying for kids is a mistake ... it is incredibly undurable and probably not fun for things that like spidermen and barbies
 This is an excellent toy for kids to watch and learn . Kids see clock everyday , however , building one and then seeing it work is fun for kids .
 I did not purchase this for a child , so the durability was not an issue , however , it does appear to be very well crafted . I loved Buckbeak in the Harry Potter film , `` The Prisoner of Azkaban '' and wanted to add him to my collection of Harry Potter books on my bookshelf . I am pleased with my purchase .
 When i found this toy I did n't even realize there was such a thing available . I was truely suprised with the quality of the toy . It is superb and I absolutely love it . I have added it to my Harry Potter collection .
 I bought this when it was $ 40 , so I 'm shocked to see it raise so much in price.I can understand if they made it bigger , considering the plush IS so small , but I would never pay over $ 40 for this plush . BUT I do love it.I do n't really play with it or anything , but I love to look at it . haha .
 I bought this plush as a gift for a friend that loves Harry Potter . She was very suprised and loves the addition to her Harry Potter collection . I found this plush on this site for the best price .
 I purchased this item for an adult friend who loves all things Harry Potter , especiallyBuckbeak ... she was absolutely thrilled with it !!!! Excellent quality and a verygood depiction of the character ... much better than others we 've seen .
 My 2 + year old nephew loved this and it 's so well made . Lots of fun !
 It is a lunch bag and not an educational toy . It serves it 's purpose .
 My son loves the lunchbox ; the pricing was excellent , no shipping charges , and it arrived fast.My son has Autism . Teenage Mutant Nija Turtles are one of his favorites . I was glad to be able to get him this lunchbox . It will help with his transition for the beginning of the school year . Thanks !
 I love this alligator !! He is adorable ! Sings `` See ya later alligator '' His mouth moves to the song -LRB- very well in-sync with the music -RRB- and tail swings back and forth ... I bought this for a gift but ... I 'm keeping him !!! I ca n't part with it ... it 's that cute !!!!
 The alligator is much loved in a new home ! My niece absolutely loved it . .
 Even though this animated alligator only sings one song . I bought it for a young child who loved it . It is fairly large , seems as well made as other animated toys -LRB- maybe even a little better -RRB- and was reasonably priced .
 My 2 and 1/2 year olds loved this ! He asked for a toy alligator for Xmas and Santa came thru . He love the song and how it 's animated with it 's mouth and tail !! A great buy for gator lovers !
 I got this for my 2 year old granddaughter . She loves it ! It is very soft and she enjoys singing with the alli .
 I had these stunt cycles when I was growing up , and was very upset when I found my mother had thrown them away while I was at college . But this is appears to be even a better product then those . A little bit louder than I rememeber , but who knows ; and who cares . I love it as much as the dog hates it .
 Of course I had the original EK stunt bike when I was a kid and this one is just as much fun although it is a bit shinier ! I bought the stunt set to have a bike to play with and this one to have a shiney one to look at . They are all good and still a cool to play with !!!
 This stop & go crossing has many uses if you are running battery powered Brio trains :1 . It can be used as a normal crossing where no trains are stopped -LRB- put the control bar in the middle position -RRB- .2 . It can be used as a normal stop track -LRB- put the control bar in one of the side positions -RRB- .3 . It can be used to avoid collisions if you are running a multi-train railway as it can be set up to stop the traffic in one of the directions.I have not regretted buying this product . In a not-too-simple Brio railway setup it adds both fun and educational value .
 After getting the item , decided my 2 yr old was not quite ready for this learning toy . will wait another 6 mos to give it to him . I bet he will love it .
 I got this as a Christmas gift for my 1 year old nephew . He enjoys it and it 's educational . Melissa and Doug stuff is awesome . My sister and her kids love it
 This is fun for kids to learn new skills . It will keep their hands busy .
 This is a beautiful educational toy . Teaches kids snaps , buckles , zippers and ties . After they remove the clothes the bear is in his underware . All in all it is really cute and the kids really enjoy playing with it .
 My 18 mo old son immediately loved working on this board , and now , at 2.5 he still goes back to it each time I pull it out , and will sit for long periods of time perfecting the skills . I highly recommend this toy and plan to use it for gifts , as I think it 's a great combination of fun for the kid , while being very educational .
 I love that this toy is not only a great way to learn about fastening various items like Velcro , snaps buckles and buttons , but its also an easy puzzle for young toddlers . The pieces that fit on the bears ` arms ' are interchangeable so the toddler feels accomplishment whether he puts the buckle piece on the right arm today or the left arm tomorrow . Melissa and Doung never steer us wrong !
 I love this puzzle . It is a super way to teach my child how to button , tie , lace , and buckle . He has fun playing with it all the while learning something useful !
 Melissa & Doug have created a great learning tool that helps children develop their motor skills . The bright colors and great design make it very attractive and fun .
 Excellent quality . We were so impressed with it we just ordered another one for our daughters family . Melissa and Doug products are great .
 My 23 mth old twins like it , even thought they ca n't quite manipulate it yet.I like that it is US company !
 This is one of the good purchases I have made for my kid . It helps to learn how to unbutton , unzip and etc. . Keeps my daughter busy while her mom is running errands in the house . Would be useful for the next month or two until she completely figures out how to do and undo all of them . I recommend .
 This is a great toy/puzzle . I gave it as a gift for a child who is fascinated with buckles , ties , zippers and snaps . This gives her all the practice she can handle . It 's very sturdy and well made . I 'm a big fan of Melissa & Doug toys .
 My son loves this puzzle . Although the clip one , my husband had to adjust because we could barely open it let alone my two year old . He enjoys doing up all the different things on it . A good purchase ! Love M & D. Great quality !
 I was lookng for something a little more challenging , as the kids and my daycare kids had outgrown the simple Melissa and Doug Puzzles , this one is a bit of a challenge for them . Great practice and great for fine motor skills . My only complaint is the button on my puzzle is difficult ! Hoping that it wears out after a while so it is easier for the little ones
 Each activity is on its own piece and can be removed from the larger board like a puzzle . They fit back anyplace so there is no interlocking tabs . This is hard for smaller fingers because when trying to do the skills the pieces are moving all around . I am thinking about gluing the pieces in place to make it easier .
 I bought this puzzle and had it shipped to my parents house before we went to visit when my son was 2 . At the time he liked the puzzle but could n't do the buttons or zipper now he can but the puzzle aspect is not as entertaining .
 i would like to say this toy is great for a toddler . my son loves playing with the zipper and buckle puzzle piece . u can also take the 4 pieces separately with u if u dont want to take the big board . the toy is very durable if u have a son that likes to destroy things.lol .
 I bought this for my 2 year old grand . My daughter reports that her 4 yr old does the more complex tasks and enjoys trying to teach them to little sister . The 2 yr old is happy doing the more simple tasks all by herself ! All in all it 's a great toy that offers something for a few years age span .
 There is nothing like an old-fashioned toy . My grandson is two and loves learning how to master things like zippers and snaps . This is a well made toy .
 This is a nice alternative to the dress-up stuffed animals out there ; however , my 3-year-old does n't usually choose to play with it . He will oblige , though , if I initiate involvement .
 I used to have a doll when I was young that had many of these items on it . I was glad to find this to use in my classroom . I nice touch it that each item can be removed from the board to work and manipulate it better .
 Another great learning activity by Melissa and Doug . Great sized buttons , zipper , etc for little hands . Wonderful learning tool . The only thing that would have made it better for us is if it were n't a puzzle . I 'd prefer the pieces stay put but that does n't take away from the fact that this is a fabulous product . Very durable and provides lots of entertainment for my toddler .
 This piece of work is one of the most popular in my Pre K classroom . It is always off the shelf because someone in my class is working on it .
 Great for fine motor and learning how to button , snap and zip . I have two of them for my students at school to practice on . Good quality and fun to use .
 My daughter would take individual pieces with her in the car and play quietly for quite awhile . We have since lost a couple of the pieces and I 'm tempted to buy another one except she can do all the stuff now . I think this is rated for kids 3 + but we gave this to her at about 12 months old .
 This board is just right for developing fine-motor skills . I love it for car rides or moments where you need their little fingers to be busy . Nicely constructed . Good variety of activities .
 Very well made , very bright pictures and a lot of activities . My two year old will love this product , melissa and doug make sturdy , reliable products that always meet my high expectations .
 1 & 1/2 year old loves this puzzle . It is a little hard to do alone as some of the things are difficult for her but we enjoy it !
 My nephew and young therapy patients enjoy this puzzle and learn a lot from it . It 's bright , durable and fun .
 If you 've never purchased a Melissa and Doug product for your child , you are missing out . These toys are durable , brightly colored and educational . I own many of their products and my daycare children love them !
 I bought this for my 1-yr-old son . He does n't play much with it . Even my 6-yr-old daughter has difficulty with the belt .
 I purchased the Basic Skills Board as a supplemental item to my son 's in-home therapy program . Both he and his brother have a deficit in fine-motor skills and this was a nice , all inclusive way to get in some daily practice . It is primarily for my 4 year old , but my 7 year old also uses the lacing portion as practice for tying shoes , as we are still struggling with that . This item is a good foundational item to any other OT program for kids with similiar struggles .
 The colors are bright and each piece offers a fine-motor challenge . The buckle is a bit hard to work - the plastic is really stiff so even for me to open it , it takes a while . What 's really cute is that if all the pieces are off , the bear is in an under shirt and underwear and the kids really get a kick out of that .
 This Melissa & Doug puzzle is exactly what I thought it would be ~ ~ entertaining and stimulating for mygranddaughter . Great quality , too !
 My kids have both enjoyed this toy but it is not a favorite . I do n't really think it encouraged them to learn the skills , but maybe I did n't introduce it at the right time . I would probably pass on this in favor of other M&D items . Try the latches board , that one has been a favorite .
 Got this for my 3 yr old who has not yet mastered all the skills on the board . We love it - I did n't even realize the pieces come off the board for them to hold and work with . . even better !
 Everyone said they did n't like this because it is a puzzle and the pieces come out when the little ones try to complete each task , I think they are using this Backwards!What I believe the point is to take each of the pieces of clothes off the bear 1st , then have the child shut each item -LRB- button , buckle , snap , zip , etc. -RRB- and then once the task is completed you put each one on the bear where it belongs . My daughter is 3 1/2 and has had no trouble in using each of these items seperately . She has fun getting the bear dressed.If anything I would say that this toy is so much better than one of the stuffed animals that has all of the zippers/buttons/shoe laces on them because with this toy there is only one task at a time and a child wo n't get so distracted easily.This is a heavy duty , quality toy that I think will last a very long time . Quality I 've come to expect from Melissa & Doug does n't disappoint .
 I found this at my local toy store and i immediately knew my kids had to have it . Though the product says for 3 and up this can be played with by children as young as 18M . The product has a bear stretching his arms out and on each arm are various basic skills your child can practice , all in one spot ! there 's learning to lace and tie -LRB- like tying a shoe -RRB- , learning how to button , use a snap -LRB- like on pants -RRB- , then learning to use those snaps like on a fanny pack or backpack , zip up a shirt , and use a belt . i think this toy is adorable and can really teach kids in a fun way the basic skills they need to know .
 This is a fastener learning board that is also a puzzle . The snap , zipper , and belt buckle were all difficult to do at first , even for me , because they were so stiff . After a while , though , they became softer and now my 2-1/2 yo is able to do them with help -LRB- she can do the snap , the zipper , the latch , and the lacing , but the buckle and tying are still beyond her developmentally . -RRB- She likes to take them all off the board and play with each piece separately . She does n't have any trouble doing them off the board , as some other reviewers have had . Also , she loves to put them on her feet like shoes and stomp around the room.This is a good fastener board . Work the zipper , buckle , and snap a bunch of times to loosen them up . If your little one has trouble with the activities , perhaps he or she is not developmentally ready for the tasks . Put it away for a month and then try again .
 Playmates got the licence to make King Kong action figures for the new King Kong film directed the Lord of the Rings Trilogy Peter Jackson!This King Kong figure is amazing ! About 11 inches tall and extremely detailed . The sculpting is superb ! The face is rubber so his jaw can move when you press his chest/button and he roars loudly with some sound effects in the background . Move the lever back and forth and his will pound his chest and activate the same roar . There is an on/off switch as well ! Included is some small human figures including Ann Darrow . If you love King Kong I strongly recommend that you purchase this figure today !
 I gave King Kong and Bull V-Rex to two five year old boys this Christmas and they were a big hit . They played with them for hours . If you buy King Kong , you HAVE to get Bull V-Rex too . It 's fun to feed him little people .
 I got this toy for Christmas and I am amazed at how much it can do ! The noise it makes is superb , and it is nice and loud . It has great detail . I like how its mouth opens and closes when you push its chest ... very realistic . I also really like how it can bang on its own chest , and it can hold onto Ann -LRB- the girl that comes with it -RRB- . If you get this toy , you probably want to get the deluxe V-Rex to go with it ... they are fun to play with together . I recommend this to any King Kong fan .
 This is the ultra kong toy when you push its belly he roars and you hear people screaming .
 Got it for my 6yr old whose recently fascinated with all things Kong -LRB- and Godzilla -RRB- . He loves it . The jaw motion , the arm motions , the sounds , they 're all big hits . And -LRB- so far -RRB- it 's proven to be durable enough to stand up to whatever he 's put it through . Turns out I paid WAY too much for it , but the look on his face when he got it was well worth it .
 I had recently received this roaring kong action figure as a gift , from my mother . oh , and my is it wondertful ! the face is terryifing ! it has these crooked yellow teeth and these beedy little eyes that as your playing with it , he seems to stare back at you . . lol . and if you press his chest he makes a terryifing roar and more as you hear someones voice yell , OH GOD ! -LRB- if you have one already , try listen for it -RRB- Anyway , i reccrecommend that if you are an extreme kong fan , that you purchase one today !
 Get the Deluxe V - Rex too . These do not disapoint
 `` We need to find him a toy that has door or hinges or something , '' I told my husband after seeing how obsessed my 18 month old was with opening and closing anything . I start searching on Amazon and lo and behold , the geniuses at M&D have exactly what I 'm looking for . My son loves this toy and never gets tired of it !
 I bought this toy for my 19-month daughter and she likes everything
 My toddler loves this toys . It is captivates him , and it realistic enough that he easily transitions from a no tough lock -LRB- the front door -RRB- to this toy with no distress . It 's been fantastic for his fine motor skills , and with the opening and closing doors there 's another busy level of fun . Further as he progresses this toy will be fun for him with it 's colorful interior animals to practice counting . I would highly recommend this toy . It 's fantastic .
 This is a really fun toy . My 3 1/2 year old goes back to this constantly even though he 's memorized the latching mechanisms . It 's also the toy that gets pulled out first when his friends come over . A good investment .
 I first saw this at the Children 's Museum in Manhattan when I went there with my seventeen month old granddaughter . Although she ca n't really undo the latches yet , once they are open she loves opening and closing the doors . Here is why I like this :1 . It is durable , well made , and very colorful . Not only does this teach simple counting from one to six , but also teaches shapes and colors as well as eye/hand coordination in opening and closing the doors .2 . There are no small pieces to worry about because everything is attached .3 . This toy is fun for my granddaughter to play with , which is why she spends more time playing with this than some of her other toys.Bottom line
 The thing I like about it is that my young son could do a couple of the latches when he was 1 year or so , and as he got bigger , he could do some more , and then learned to do the rest by 2.5 years or so . It really grew with him because he got it at a time when he could not master the whole thing . He liked opening the doors and obviously latching and unlatching the locks . It was a good think to also introduce colors and numbers . My baby girl -LRB- 9 months -RRB- is now starting to play with it . It makes a great noise when rattling the chains and locks and I think they like that -LRB- but not too loud for you -RRB- . It is quite sturdy , probably .5 to .75 inch thick . The hinges seem real sturdy and attached in a way that they will not break easily . I think it might last for a good long time , have had it two years probably and has not even begun to break down .
 Mellissa and Doug make exceptional toys of superior quality compared to other manufacterers . My baby loves this ! I 'm very learning savvy and these toys are above average great ! Better than any plastic toy !
 I purchased this as a midwinter activity for my toddler . She was growing out of her `` baby toys '' and too young for most toys designed for 3 + . She was 18mo and is now 22mo . I like to find toys that do n't make noise -LRB- electric/battery operated -RRB- . This was a good find . She was immediately interested in it . She became less interested , as it was to difficult to move around . I 'm thinking of mounting on a wall or door , making it more of a stationary `` center '' . pros : Great fine motorArt and images are fun and colorfulVariety of latchesSharable -LRB- two kids can play at once -RRB- Counting , colors , animals , and opposites!SturdyWhat I would expect from Melissa and Doug productsCons : Circle latch -LRB- one that is round and needs to be twisted to `` catch '' latch -RRB- is too difficult/tight to turn . Even hard for adult.Heavy for toddler
 This is one of the only toys that receives attention in our house on a daily basis . I think it 's a bit pricey , but it 's high quality and a lot of fun for the little ones to figure out . Love it !
 I 'm not quite happy with this product . Some of the latches are quite difficult for even me to manipulate . The board is a little heavy . I took the product away from my grandchild when I discovered that the chain lock was similar to the lock on the front door of her parents home . I personally question the wisdom of giving a child the ability to master that type of locking mechanism . I was afraid that eventually she would pull a chair up to the door , unlock it and head outside on her own . That is probably the over worried grandma in me , but there are other toys out there to spoil her with ! Otherwise the toy is great for developing manual dexterity .
 This toy keeps getting played with and there are so many learning tools . Work on colors , animal names , animal sounds -LRB- by asking them , the toy is obviously silent -RRB- counting , fine motor skills . It 's incredibly durable . Only thing that happened with this is that my son dropped it on his toe ... 3 months later his toe nail is still bruised : -LRB-
 It was a hit for Christmas . My husband was going to make a latch board , but we saw this one online & ordered it . It is great , hours of fun for little ones .
 This is an awesome toy . Bought it for a one year old . His older siblings thought it was great and the birthday boy was delighted with it !
 Great item ! Great for learning and reasonably priced . I would recommend it for any toddler whom likes to be hands-on .
 My son 's toddler nursery room at the church that we attend has this toy , and it 's something that I 've noticed all of the kids enjoy playing with ! I was surprised that after being around all of those toddlers that it 's still holding up great ! Very very durable!This is a great toy that kids love to play with .
 This is a great toy for little ones that love opening and closing everything they can get their hands on . nicely made .
 Before I bought this I was worried as I read the reviews that talked about it being dangerous and sharp . That is absolutely not true . I triple checked all the latches before letting my 18 month old play with the product and there is not a sharp edge on the board . Dont pay attention to those reviews , they were either mistaken or got a faulty product.I definitely reccommend this for helping to develop little minds and tiny hand coordination .
 I 'm getting my Montessori teaching certification for infants and toddlers and saw this in a classroom I observed . It 's perfect to help refine fine motor skills ad teach cause and effect .
 All kidding aside , this is a great toy . It 's fun value has extended from age one to nearly four to date . The latches are the real thing , nicely made , sturdy . At one , the attraction is the doors and the animals behind them . Now at four , the actual manipulation is the star . The latches are not the ones used in child proofing . In any case , these latches provide a big distraction from the business of dismantling the house .
 My son loved this when he was younger , and now at 2.5 he will sit for long periods of time perfecting his skills . I think this is a great combination of fun and educational , not too mention great for hand/eye coordination and fine motor skills .
 Latches board waws very well made and gives them things to do , count , colors , opening and closing.etc . Would recommend it and very glad I purchased it
 Bought this for my 3 year olds birthday . She loves it ! She pretty much figured out all the latches from the get go but still enjoys playing with it so far a week later . Nice bright colors . It will be a good learning tool once she 's done playing with the locks . My husband was afraid it would teach her how to get out of the house and open windows but once he saw that she could work the locks with ease anyway he figured it was just as well and will be good for her little brothers ' motor skills later on when they get bigger .
 My child got this puzzle for his 1st birthday and still plays with it every day ! We love it in our house !
 My son has Ot issues with hand movements , and this is perfect and fun !!! he loves to see the animals inside and he can open the locks and put them back !!! Great for motor skills , also !!
 This is a great learning and fun toy , but some of the latches are stiff , and they are hard to move even for an adult .
 I love that he likes to play with this & it keeps him happy & engaged - as he gets older we can work more on the counting and color aspects .
 I love this board ! It is of such a great quality that after my kids are grown , I 'm sure I &#34; ll be able to save it for my grandkids . Such a good idea making different latches for kids to open . It is entertaining and challenges those little brains and hand muscles .
 Great board for a busy baby who likes to figure things out and offers great bonding with older child who wants to help the little ones out !!!! Wonderfully made !!!!
 Ordered for three year old who enjoys working with the latches and trying to guess what is behind each door .
 My son LOVES this board ! We first saw this board while on vacation when we visited a children 's museum . The board says for 3 + but my son is 1 1/2 and he really enjoys the latches and openning and closing the little doors . Great for eye/hand coordination practice .
 This toy arrived really fast and my little boy loved it . He loves to open things so it was perfect . I love that there are no parts to fall off or lose .
 My 2 yr old grandson is fascinated with doors and locks . It is fun just watching him open the different things .
 My son is 6 months and got this as a hand-me-down toy ... he looooves it ! During fussy hour at night we play with the latches board because it will keep him interested for at least 20 mins . He loves to touch -LRB- and try to eat -RRB- the metal latches and watch me open and close the doors . Great toy !
 Some of the latches are stiff at first . The window latch does n't line up correctly , otherwise it 's a lot of fun for kids .
 Both my two years old and 4 years old like it.The younger one like unlock and lock ; the older one like to read the numbers and checkthe pictures hide under .
 I just bought this toy for my son 's 2nd birthday . I am impressed with how well it is made . My son seems to really enjoy it , I have caught him playing with it a few times already and he just got it 2 days ago . I like how there are so many different ways to play with it besides the latches . This board can be used to teach counting , shapes , colors , animals plus how to open all of the different latches . A very good toy !
 My 16 month old loves this board , we keep it in the living room and every morning when we come into the living room he shreeks with glee to see his favroite toy.Keeps him busy for 20 mins at a time.great purchase for a toddler who loves to open and close things .
 This is another fantastic Melissa and Doug toy . My only problem is that I opened this for my two year old just before bedtime and he did n't want to put it down . Love it .
 My 3yr old daughter is tired of wooden puzzles , but she could -LRB- and does -RRB- play with this one over and over and over again . This is a good way to challenge her and continue to push her fine motor skills.There is something really fun for a little kid to be able -LRB- and be asked ! -RRB- to do and undo the latches and locks that are usually out of their reach . The hinged doors are also a fun touch.It is definitely a puzzle you will want to sit down and do with your child since some of the locks and latches are not completely intuitive for little hands . There are also some spots where the lock/latch will prevent the the doors from closing completely if they are in the way -LRB- especially the chain on the slider -RRB- . A lot of fun and a great rainy day toy !
 We have seen these boards at several places and decided to buy one for the co-op preschool . The kids were glued to it ! They all loved it so much -LRB- including my 4 and 3 year old -RRB- that we bought one to give to them for Christmas . It really keeps their attention and I love that it is n't electronic and is just plain old fun . Only con is make sure you have something for siblings or friends to play with because they do like to fight over this one !
 I first came across this latches board at work . We had one set out one with our puzzles for the Preschool children . All of the kids at the library love it and it has held up under many little hands for well over a year . My daughter also loves this activity board and quickly mastered all of the latches . She still plays it on a regular basis .
 My grandson always went directly to this in the library , so , I know how much he will enjoy having it at home . I was very happy to find this on Amazon .
 this toy is perfect for a little boy who is inquisitive . my grandson is only 21 months but he loves tools and metal objects.it is also very sturdy .
 I bought two of these -LRB- one for each nephew -RRB- and they were a huge hit . The bright colors really appealed to them and they love opening each door with increasing dexterity . Construction of the toy is very well done and the real latches are a good thing and a bad thing . The boys are almost too good at getting into things now ! Otherwise , it is a great toy that really appeals to their love of opening and closing doors .
 Good Quatlity , Cute , Will last for many years.Really keeps 2 yr old attention , her 4 and 6 year old brothers enjoy it too .
 My little four -LRB- soon to be five -RRB- year old cousin has to attend both Occupational and Physical therapy as his `` Fine Motor Skills '' are lacking . When I asked his mother what the therapists recommended she said puzzles ... I had heard of Melissa and Doug puzzles and how wonderful they are but until you experience them first-hand you ca n't imagine what a truly excellent product they are . The `` Latches '' puzzle is not only a good experience for little Zachary mentally , but is helping to hone his `` Fine Motor Skills . '' Thank you , Melissa and Doug . Dawna-Jo
 my son loves locks and other puzzle like things . the plays with this off and on and he is proud of himself for mastering it time after time . at the book store it was selling for $ 25 . I got this for $ 10 less and free shipping . yay amazon.com
 My 16 month really enjoys this toy . I really enjoy this toy because I do n't have to hunt for pieces . The toy teaches hand-eye coordination , colors and numbers as well as animals , open vs. close , locked vs. unlocked and a bunch of other words as you describe how to open each lock . Highly recommend .
 My granddaughter is two years old , and is already learning to work the latches . This board is fun and yet a learning tool for her small fingers .
 I gave my 15 month old grandson the Melissa and Doug Latches Board after seeing him try to unlock the front window of his house . His inquisitiveness and determination to accomplish this feat fascinated me . I had previously seen this toy and began to search Amazon for it as a Christmas gift . He is now very interested in the toy . I think it satisfies his mechanical curiosity and is an excellent toy to develop any child 's skill .
 Kiddos will love spending time picking these locks!This latch board is bright , colorful , and practically indestructable . It is a fantastic activity that instantly gets my energetic toddler to sit still . Best of all , each latch hides a surprise animal -- so children are rewarded for dexterity with a happy surprise beneath each door.Well-made , durable , and just as described . Great addition to our collection of Melissa & Doug puzzles and games .
 Great board but I thought I was getting 2 boards . The picture shows 2 boards and is much higher than the other ones . I justified the price because I thought I was getting 2 . Deceptive advertising !
 This toy was a gift and I ca n't review how durable it will be in the long run , but it looked very well constructed . The little boy I gave it to started working at the latches and locks right away but ca n't do them all - just as it should be
 Bought for our 10 month old . He still likes it after 3 months . He likes to chews on one of the chains . He loves dogs so he always opens box # 2 with 2 Blue Dogs , he laughs and says dawg , dawg , dawg . We usually have all the locks open so he can open them when he wants . When he gets older he 'll probablhy still have fun loking and unlocking . It 's pretty luggy , not for resting on your lap , or you kids laps . Like it though .
 Great puzzle !! Its way bigger then I thought it would be . My son who is 17 months has been so into this latch on a box i have . So I ordered this after reading some other reviews . have to say I couldnt be happier . Great learning tool . I just could see the wheels turning in my sons brain as he was working on the chain door but then got it !
 This puzzle is one of the best birthday presents my niece received . This age does n't have a long attention span but this puzzle keeps her coming back for more !
 Great toy for younger and older kids . Well made and actually kind of heavy . Helps with fine motor skills and also learning of colors and numbers .
 This toy is durable and colorful . It teaches children how to use latches of all kinds . -LRB- not sure if we wanted to do that -RRB- They really enjoy opening all the doors as there is a picture behind each door . Really a well built and educational toy .
 Both my 2yo and 5yo still like this toy after a year . It has held up well enough and all the metal pieces are in working order . I do find most M&D puzzles look `` used '' and worn around the edges after a short period of time . This is no exception , thus the 4 stars . Overall I would recommend it !
 My 2 year old is a busy bee . This latch board keeps her occupied . It 's hands on as well as congtively engaging . It 's well-made
 This is AWESOME !!!! no pieces to lose - kids are fascinated by this board !!!! Very durable - will probably last years and years !!!!!! Great buy
 First I found this toy at my son 's friend 's birthday party . All children loved it they could n't stop playing with it . then I decided to get one for my toddler . Even though this toy is intended for children 3 + I see how much my 18 months old likes to play with it . He opens and closes the locks -LRB- not all of them . He only mastered 3 or 4 -RRB- . Likes the pictures and colors and counts animals behind the doors :-RRB- Some of the locks are hard to move and we just keep them open , so he wont get frustrated opening it . Highly recommend it to all of my friends ! Great product , good quality .
 With all the childproof locks and products out there , I do n't know about your kids , but mine are intrigued by doors and locks and latches , since they are typically not allowed to play with them . This board is magic to them !! My little 18-month-old boy sits there with this board in his lap and will literally play for 15-20 minute stretches just latching , unlatching , opening , etc. . The board features multiple types of latches , and , had I worked at a hardware store or paid better attention during Handy Manny , I 'd probably know all the names . But he loves playing with them all.As someone who very much values education , I think this toy is right up there in quality . I believe it helps with hand-eye coordination , spatial reasoning and even some problem-solving -LRB- if the latch does n't fit just right , you might have to wiggle it or move it at a slightly different angle , for instance -RRB- . Highly recommend this one ! For boys OR girls !
 We bought this for our son who will be 3 in August . He has been doing puzzles ever since he was 1 and wanted to get him something different . He loves this puzzle . He had some trouble with # 2 the window latch . It is a little hard to turn and even I had trouble turning it . He loves to open all the doors and windows and find the pictures behind them .
 We bought this for our 2 1/2 y.o. son . From the moment we took it out of the box , he has loved it ! It 's great for his fine motor skills . The only complaint was that door # 1 was really hard to open . My husband sanded it down a little and it was easily fixed .
 This is the end all be all puzzle for a kid who loves gadgets and doors . My son gets quite addicted to this . It will take him awhile to figure out all the latches on his own , but that gives it a long lasting quality . Inside each door is fun learning about colors , counting and animals ! Its a big puzzle , and very well made . Excellent for fine motor skills as well . Awesome buy .
 My son got this toy as a gift for his second birthday . The latches vary in difficulty to maneuver so there were immediately a few he could do but the others provided a challenge for him to grow into . I really like how quickly his hand-eye coordination and fine motor skills improved with this . It also is a counting toy , as behind each little door is a grouping of animals like fish and horses to count . It is a colorful , well-made toy - recommended for any 2-year-old .
 This is a great product for pre-schoolers . It teaches problem solving , which I expected , but also colors and numbers-which was a pleasant surprise . Every time my son opened the latch doors , there were different animals/colors for him find . I would hear him from his room ... `` SIX ... ORANGE ... FISH !!!! '' And so on ... . Then he 'd close the latches back up and start again . I think he finds the mechanics of the latches fascinating and they 're just big enough for little hands to maneuver . It 's also a pretty solid product , well put together -- My son has n't found a way to break it yet , and he 's dropped it a few times transporting it from room to room . I think this is an excellent product overall .
 My son loves to try to open things , so he got this for his first birthday . We figured it would be a little beyond him , and it is , but as we hoped he still enjoys it very much . He ca n't quite figure out how all of the latches work , although at 14 months , he 's close to getting a few of them open . He loves to open and close the doors and see what is behind them . I only wish the doors were easier to open once the latches were undone . Note that the board is a little heavy , and some of the latches are sharp .
 My daughter first played with this at the place where we get her haircut & loved it . So , we got it for her for Christmas . She loves it -LRB- she is 2 -RRB- . My 4 & 6 year old nephews love it as well , so I think this spans several years .
 I bought this for my 18-month old when she became obsessed with buckles and latches -LRB- especially the ones on her car seat and highchair -RRB- . Some of the latches on the board are a little hard for her and she still has not mastered them , but most of them she can do well and will do them over and over again . One of the latches seems really hard to turn - even for me , but I think maybe it 's just the way the piece was assembled -LRB- screwed in a little too tight -RRB- . I purchased our board at a local store and was n't thrilled about the price of $ -LSB- ... -RSB- , although I did n't have to pay for shipping . Considering how long my daughter has played with it -LRB- and still plays with it a few months later -RRB- I think it was a worth-while purchase . The board seems to be very sturdy and well built so I know we 'll be able to pass this along to the next child for them to enjoy as well .
 Got this for an almost two year old . I thought it was a unique toy that you could get for a child who seems to have everything . Both he and his four year old brother play with it . It was a good buy !
 This toys is AWESOME !! I love it and so did my three little boys ! Although they could pick locks at age 3 because of it : -RRB-
 Bought this for my 2 year old granddaughter . At her birthday party every child loved it from 2 to 5 . They all wanted to play with it . The quality is always excellent and I buy many Melissa and Doug items . All have been excellent .
 My 2 year old loves this toy . It is very durable and well made and gives him the opportunity to learn counting and colors along with locking and unlocking the latches .
 My 16 month old is a huge fan of playing with everything except toys . He particularly enjoys cell phones , remote controls , stealing Mom/Dad 's beverage , stove knobs , drawers , cds/cases , and pretty much everything I 'd rather him not play with.I opened up my package when it arrived and put it on the floor . He immediately dove into playing . Of course , nothing will keep your toddler 's attention forever but it is one of his favorites . He has toys he completely ignores and toys he comes back to again and again . This one 's a keeper . = D
 I bought this toy for my 20 month old son who loves things that make noise and loves trying to figure how things work , how they 're put together and how to take them apart . We were taking a family plane ride across the country and we knew that we 'd need some `` quiet '' entertainment for him . My son loves it , as I knew he would . What I was n't expecting was my uber-intelligent 3 year old girl to love it also . She has previously mastered the skills involved in this toy -LRB- colors , shapes , counting , numbers , animals , and latches -RRB- , so I did n't think she would be interested for very long . But to my surpise , they both play with it all the time . He loves figuring out the latches . She does them , he undoes them . And they go around and around . She loves counting the animals , he loves making the animal noises . She likes the shapes and colors , he likes opening and closing the doors . After I showed them how they can play with it together , they share it very well . The board has enough space for them to seperately play with different areas . It has also encouraged my son , who was previously uninterested in colors and numbers , to pay closer attention , particularly when my daughter is asking me questions that he does n't know the answer to.It was great entertainment on the plane ride . No problems as a carry on as far as fitting in a suitcase or with security . The latches make enough noise that I was worried about it for our early-morning flight , but I do n't think it bothered anyone outside of our row . It 's not noisy enough to be audible over the plane noise.As far as construction
 We got this for a friend 's birthday . He loves to buckle and snap whatever he can find so we thought this would be a great gift . He immediately started playing with it and all of the kids at the party wanted to play with it too . We have played with it at the library , where many kids play with it daily . It still is in great condition and does n't show the wear that it receives . Very well made product .
 We bought this for my 2-year-old . He loves it . I agree w/other reviews - the first & second doors are a bit tough and need loosening.We went on a trip a month ago , and brought this toy to keep my son entertained . Every family member that got into the car picked it up immediately and started working on it.For my son , it keeps his attention at home for 10-15 min at a time solo , or longer if I play with him . It 's great to have an outlet when he feels driven to practice those fine motor skills .
 Both my 3 year old and my 1 year old love this toy . It is bigger than anticipated and very durable . My 1 year old has knocked it from the table to the tile floor a number of times and it still looks great . They both enjoy trying each of the latches and seeing what is inside . My 3 year old can do all of the latches and enjoys counting when she sees what is behind each door . My 1 year old is learning to manipulate the various types of latches and is learning how each one works . I am very pleased with my purchase .
 My son is younger than the recommended age for this toy so I was a little unsure if he would really know what to do or how to use it , but I am so glad I got it ! A couple of the clasps he has yet to figure out but he loves this toy ! Latching & unlatching & opening & closing the doors to see what 's behind ... he loves it ! It seems very well made & durable ... great toy ! Great purchase !
 Best puzzle EVER because the pieces STAY on the board and it is different for every other puzzle a child might have . I buy it for every 2-3 year old in our lives and it is always their favorite toy . Super durable .
 Our 3yo and 1yo both love to play with this , and being the age they are it has had it 's share of bumps and disasters . It 's still in just as good of condition as the day we bought it . GREAT choice , definitely recommended .
 I got the Latches Board for my 13 month old son and also for my friend 's 14 month old son who was in the hospital at the time . Both boys absolutely love it ! It was great for the little one in the hospital because he could have it in bed with him , it kept him entertained , and kept him relatively still . Now that he is home , his parents tell me that he still loves to play with it.This board keeps my son entertained for 15 to 20 minutes at a time . He loves to open and close all the doors . There are only a couple of the locks that he can work right now . He will learn a lot from this board and I am sure he will be playing with it for years to come . I can tell it really makes him think , you can look at him and tell the wheels are turning up there while he tries to figure the locks out . I would recommend this product to anybody who has a little one that loves to open and close doors , drawers , turn handles , etc. . A great toy !
 My daughter first saw this toy at a playspace we visit and fell in love . She loves fiddling with things like this . She 's only 14 months so I worried about her being well under the recommended age for this , but she 's played with it a great deal and I ca n't see what would be a safety issue . She 's not totally adept at doing and undoing all the latches but she 's learning surprisingly quickly . This toy seems to have a lot more longevity and ability to sustain interest than the average toy . We love it !
 Nice toy . Our toddler loves trying to figure it out , and our 4 year old likes identifying the latch 's with the locks around the house .
 My 18-month old daughter really enjoys playing with this board . The rotating latch is too challenging for her , but the rest she can open given enough time . The board is pretty well made . The colorful numbers and pictures present an additional learning opportunity . All in all , we 're glad we bought this toy .
 My son -LRB- who just turned 1 -RRB- absolutely loves this toy ! He received it as a Christmas gift and it was the only toy he played with all night . He is n't quite able to open all of the latches , but can open most . If your child has any curious tendencies and loves to get into things , this is the toy !
 My 23 month old and 6.5 year old love and play with it all the time . I leave it out on our coffee table and find them playing with it every day . There is only one lock that my 23 month old has a hard time with but can open all of the others easily .
 My 2 year old picked this toy out for her sister 's first birthday . She is now 18 months old and they both play with this `` puzzle '' daily . It has GREAT educational value ... colors , counting , animals , etc. . My oldest sometimes gets frustrated when her sister ca n't get a door open , but she has learned to be patient , which is also of great value ! The toy seems very durable and we have never had a problem with it , other than a smashed finger here and there .
 I bought this for my 3 year old granddaughter , as a surprise for an upcoming car trip . She saw it before I had a chance to stash it out of view , so naturally she wanted to play with it . The doors and locks were an instant hit with her ! I had already read the play suggestions and started asking her to open the blue door , the door with two round windows , etc. . She really enjoyed playing with it , except she could n't open the 2nd latch without help . It is pretty difficult . I had to take it out in the shop and loosen up with a screwdriver . After about 20 minutes she had to leave it and have dinner . I put the toy away , hoping to leave it hidden until our trip . After dinner she asked `` where 's my new puzzle ? '' We distracted her with a walk around the neighborhood , but she asked again later that evening . So , I 'd say the toy is a hit . I 'm still planning to keep it tucked away until the road trip , though ! I bought a small lock and key and attached it to the last lock , so it is more challenging . I just tied it all together with a piece of yarn so the lock and key stay with the board . She really had to work at it , but she did it .
 This is sturdy , well made , and beautiful -LRB- like most Melissa and Doug products I 've come across . -RRB- A couple of the latches are too difficult for my 17 month old , but she can do some of them , and enjoys opening and closing the doors . It will be great as we learn to count , too . I 'd recommend this one .
 We bought this puzzle for our two year old son and he loved it . The different latches allow him to problem solve while he figures out which one locks and unlocks and how they each work . It has been a great toy ! Would recommend it to anyone that has a child interested in opening and closing doors and locking/key entry .
 I especially like this product because it does n't have pieces that can get lost or mistakenly put away with the wrong toy . Everything is safely attached to the board . It 's also a great toy during travel because the pieces ca n't fall off and roll under the seats . In addition to teaching the child how to open and close latches , the toy reinforces color recognition and counting from one to six . It is also a nice `` quiet toy '' for mom and dad that does n't need batteries .
 I love this toy for my 3 1/2 yr old and 17 month old . It 's great for car trips -LRB- no loose pieces to worry about -RRB- or at a restaurant or how about your great aunt 's house where there is nothing for your kids to play with . Melissa and Doug prove over and over again that classic toys trump batteries any day .
 Although this toy is for 3-year-olds and older , I bought it for my 18-month-old son because he is so fascinated with buttons , latches , buckles , etc. . He is able to do some of the latches on this toy , but not all of them since he is still too young . But it still interests him . And as a Mom , I really like how it is so colorful and that there are animals behind the doors . The latches of doors 1 and 6 do get in the way of the other doors , but they do n't really make it impossible to work all the latches of this toy .
 I love the idea of this board . However , some of them are hard for me to open . Our number 2 gets stuck almost everytime . It may just be an issue with the board that we recieved and not all of them . I got this for my 1 year old son because he liked the hide and seek boards from Melissa and Doug so much . Over all I like the board just some issues with some of the latches working properly .
 This toy will develop problem-solving , manual dexterity , and number recognition . One comment from my 2-yr old grandson 's father
 My son , who is always trying to figure out how things work , loves this toy . He is 12 mos but he is a regular Houdini . While this may not have helped my cause , he likes to latch and unlatch each set of barn doors and find who 's inside . Much more interesting than a lift-the-flap book and sturdier if your kid is hard on toys . Nice wood construction with very sturdy latches -LRB- I worried they would be flimsy metal snap apart -RRB- . No sharp points and very well secured . It is a little heavy .
 The Melissa and Doug Latches board is a beautiful toy . It has lovely , colourful designs , and behind the 6 doors there are animals in different colours for counting and colour educational value . The latches on our particular board are of good quality brass , and the whole thing is very finely constructed . Our boy LOVES it , as I knew he would , and spends up to an hour opening and closing the doors and manipulating the latches . Any child who is intruiged by locks and doors , enjoys fine finger movement or needs help with such would benefit from this toy.Our 17mo is easily able to open 4 of 6 of the latches , the exception being the latch with the slider chain , and the turning latch . He still enjoys it , although he seems able to work them out quicker than expected.As others have pointed out , some of the doors need to close before others will open , as they obstruct each other -LRB- the board would be prohibitively large if all the doors were able to open at once -RRB- , but if you show the child this , they get the concept and happily close the offending door before opening the next one . My one criticism of this toy is that , like other Melissa and Doug puzzle boards , this one has a cardboard printed finish glued to the backing board , rather than a painted finish . If you want it to live through a drooling toddler , varnish the board before use . The cardboard is durable as cardboard goes , but not when it gets wet . If wet , the finish , along with the beautiful design , rub off VERY quickly . Stand by with a flannel if you have a dribbler , or wax or varnish it first .
 This product arrived in perfect condition but being that it is a gift for my grandson , I can not attest to anything else until he actually begins playing with it .
 Our son loves this toy . He likes to open and close the doors , although he has not mastered all the locks yet , it 's great because he discovers something new slowly .
 This is a wonderful learning toy . Great for manual dexterity and hand-eye coordination . The grandson it was purchased for loves it and his older brother does , too . It 's just plain fun !
 Our 3 year old grandson and even our 1 year old grandson like to play with this . It is well made and durable . Only reservation is that some of the locks are stiff and hard for them to open . Only bad thing about this is it 's hard enough to keep them out of locked places without buying them a practice board .
 Bought it for my 2 year old grandson . After a few weeks , he was able to master opening and closing all of the latches . One would think he would tire of it , but no , he still loves it .
 It challenges my 2-year old daughter show over a few weeks learned to operate all the latches . She still likes using it .
 My youngest son received this as a christmas gift and he loves it ! in fact , him and my older son actually fight over it . We have had it for a month now and it get used everyday by both of my kids ! They have yet to be bored with it and I feel it 's great for the fine motor skills : -RRB-
 My 15 month old loves this toy . It can keep him entertained almost the whole time while I cook dinner , which is amazing . He has only figured out 2 of the latches so far and 1 sometimes on accident . It does not seem to frustrate him in the least that the other three are more advanced , though we keep them unlocked for now , or slightly open so he can look at the pictures . All of the latches seem easy to open -LRB- for adults -RRB- and a good learning tool for little ones .
 Sensibly rated for 3 years and older , it 's a very enticing puzzle for younger toddlers too . * IF * you can and will watch children while playing with this puzzle , I 'd recommend it for children as young as 12 months .
 Loved it !!! Nice puzzle to keep busy minds busy ! It brings challeneges everyday . Would reccommend for children who are 1 1/2 and up .
 Even though my kid is only 20 months old , she loves working the latches and opening the door . The one thing that sucks is two of the doors stick/hang up on the second part of the latch . The door had to be sanded down to make clearance for it to swing open and shut with ease .
 He loves opening things but it 's a little challenge for him . He 's only 2 but enjoys learning , already likes finding the fish .
 My children absolutely love this board . They are 3 1/2 and they play with it all the time and for long stretches of time . Good buy .
 I love this puzzle . It is a super way to teach my child how to use all sorts of different locks . He has fun playing with it all the while learning something useful !
 My 2 year old boy is good with his motor skills and loved this toy ! My 3 yr old daughter had a harder time initially , but with practice could do it too . Aside from manipulation skills , you can teach colors and numbers , counting too . They liked opening each one to find animals hiding .
 This is a great , educational toy for toddlers . My two year old enjoys working on it with his mommy and daddy . Some of the latches are a little harder than others , which is good . My son does n't get too frustrated with it , and can feel a sense of pride in those he accomplishes .
 We purchased the latch board for our one year old . I know this particular toy says that is is for three year olds but our daughter is constantly trying to figure out how things work and open . She loves this toy . I know she does not understand how to do some of the locks yet so it is a great toy that will entertain as well as teach her for a long period of time .
 I bought this toy for my son because they had it at his daycare and he really enjoyed playing with it . I was a bit surprised when I saw that the recommended age was 36 month and older . While my son ca n't attach all of the latches on his own , he really enjoys playing with them and opening and shutting all of the doors . I suppose there could be an issue of finger pinching , however he has had this for nearly four months and has not once pinched his fingers.He really enjoys playing with all of the shiny latches and I believe they help with his grasps and hand eye coordination . This is a fun puzzle for us to play with together !
 I love good quality wooden toys and have a number of Melissa and Doug nice big chunky puzzles . This was a great buy . My boy is 16 mths but loves opening and closing things and this will keep him occupied for a while yet ! He ca n't open all of the latches himself yet but loves the bright funky animals behind the doors and says their names before we open them together . It is really sturdy and there is nothing to lose from it , which is a bonus ! One of the best toys we have bought yet .
 do you want to openly teach ur kid how to unlock all types of locks ? maybe they make this so that other companies can sell their childproofing stuff . Had a good laugh when it arrived and I discovered that ; -RRB-
 I got this for Christmas for my 13 month old , now 16 month old . He absolutely loves it but is in a bit of a destructive phase . About a month ago he started ripping off the top layer of paper on the wood , so we put it away for now . However , I would still highly recommend this toy . I chose to get it after my son played with it at a friend 's house so I knew he loved it .
 it is made with wood and very nice.My son loves it and it helps him with his hand and eye cornation . it 's great and i recommend it to to everybody .
 My 4 year old niece loved this . It 's easy to think of games to play . We would take turns saying `` Find the house with the pony ! '' or `` Find the house with the circle window '' . There are great suggestions on the back for activities and it 's a wonderful tool for fine/gross motor skills , colors and counting . I highly recommend it !
 My 17 month old son really loves this board . Older children will probably like it more though . He sometimes gets his fingers pinched and some of the latches are a little sticky at first . GREAT quality and a neat concept too .
 I bought this for my one year old daughter to help with her dexterity . The board is the highest quality imaginable . I suspect it will last her for years . Great toy . Would definitely recommend .
 Our grandson has an acute ability for solving puzzles . At 18 months old we saw him put together wooden puzzles that were age appropriate for 2 and 3 year old children . This puzzle is more of a challenge for him as he has mastered 3 of the latches and he loves trying to manipulate the others . It is very educational as it also teaches counting .
 Some of the latches are too difficult to manage for a 2 yr old , but those he can manipulate , he does . A great learning toy .
 My daughter received this from grandma for her second Christmas at 14 months old . She is able to figure out several of the latches on her own so far , and the rest with help . She plays with it several times a week at least . It 's very sturdily made and will still be in great shape once she is tired of it . That may take a while , though , since I also find it fun to use . :-RRB- My only complaint is that several of the doors are very tightly fitted and she needs help opening them , but I plan to sand the edges a bit to help with that as other reviewers said . I would prefer that it were n't made in China but then it would cost far more , alas . -LRB- The reviewer was compensated for posting this review . However , the opinion stated in the review is that of the reviewer and the reviewer alone . Further , the reviewer independently selected this product to review and has no affiliation with the product maker/distributor , Amazon or the review requester . -RRB-
 I got this for my son for Christmas . He took one look at it and sat there playing . He will be walking and see it and sit down . It 's like a magnetic learning tool . The thing is he LOVES to push buttons and pull levers , ect . It 's PERFECT !
 I bought two of these , one for each of my girls , just because the board seemed small enough that I could n't see them trying to play it at the same time . However , when I got the board , it is much bigger than what I thought ! The latches are sufficiently challenging , but not impossible . The doors are easy enough for the kids to open once unlatched . They both love their `` latches board '' and play with them almost every night . They like to try to remember which animals are behind which doors , and they enjoy counting them and reading the numbers . This is a great toy , teaching problem solving skills , reading numbers , counting , and animal identification . My 2 and 4 year old love it . The only thing negative I might have to say against it is that once the kids figure out the latches , their interest wanes somewhat . However , both my girls continue to play with theirs . I think it will be uninteresting to them in a year 's time , but a great toy for now .
 We bought this for our 10mo son who is showing incredible mechanical skills , is extremely observant and already seems analytical -LRB- daddy is a physicist -RRB- . This toy immediately held his interest as his little fingers played with the locks and latches . He and his daddy sit with this toy regularly and work through each door . I seen a homemade version of this toy on a PBS special about critical thinking toys for infants and toddlers ... I was thrilled when I found this online ! Truly a wonderful toy for our son !
 I got this when our son was just over a year thinking I 'd pack it away until he 'd use it . I pulled it out almost right away for an older toddler and our son started playing with it right away ! There are latches that are easy , and ones that are hard so now , a year later , he 's still playing with it . Other kids 7-8 years old even play with it trying to figure out some of the latches . Great way to teach the different latches all on one toy !!
 Okay I always wanted to purchase this puzzle but I thought it was overpriced . Finally in the spirit of the holidays I bit the bullet and purchased it.I love it . It is worth every penny . It is so vibrant and sturdy.The latches are so nice and even my son who does n't like any toy I ever buy him was a bit smitten with it from the start .
 Our son is fascinated by locks , and we were not sure if the puzzle board would work since they are not `` real '' locks on doors -- it seems to do the trick . He loves it !
 Great Toy . My daughter has not stopped playing with it . Have never had a complaint about a Melissa and Doug toy . Also - arrived packaged well and quickly .
 I ordered this puzzle , along with another Melissa & Doug puzzle , because of their reputation for a qualityeducational product ... I was n't disappointed ! Excellent product !
 This is such a great idea ... and my 18 month old loves it ! No pieces to lose , colorful & engaging , great toy !!
 For a 3 + child this is a great , durable toy . Only complaint is that one of the latches sticks and is difficult for even an adult to open . Other 5 work great . All one piece -- no searches for pieces in couch cushions .
 My 2.5 year old has had a lot of fun with this toy . . She enjoys maniuplating the locks in the open position and always exclaims over the animals behind the doors even though she 's seen them a dozen times . Right now she has trouble putting the locks back in position , but I 'm sure with practice she 'll learn how to do it herself .
 This is a wonderful fine motor skill toy for a toddler that will keep them busy and interested for many minutes at a time . My 20 month old grandson opened this gift first and we could hardly get him to open anything else . A big hit !
 I picked out this latches board for my 2 year old grandson , who just loves to get his fingers into something and manipulate it - the remote controls , my eyeglasses , my wallet , my keys , anything ! And I knew it would be THE HIT of the Christmas presents . Besides , I felt like all the Melissa and Doug products were going to be hits , and I picked out about 5 M&D boards and games for him this Christmas . But once he opened this gift , and almost before my son-in-law could get the plastic wrapper off of it , Taylor was interested in it right away , so my SIL got the plastic wrapper off , and Taylor sat right down and started working the latches = he was totally fascinated with it . We others opened a gift each , and the whole time , Taylor sat there with the latch board , working on it , and fingering all the latches , manipulating what he could . So we gave him another package to open , and he opened it , and he patted it , and set it down , and went right back to his latches board and worked on it some more . He got one latch undone , and then moved to another latch - he did n't realize he could open the door on the latch he opened , so my SIL opened the door for him , and he got to see the scene behind the door , and that delighted him , so now he had GOALS to shoot for . And this went on during the entire Christmas morning opening of gifts . He 'd open another one , and it would be another M&D gift , and he would pat it , and then turn back to the latches board . The only other gift that fascinated him was the clock game , where each number on the clock was written on a differently shaped plug and had to go back in the correct hole for it to fit in , and he pulled them all out and then tried to fit them back in , and was having trouble getting them back in the correct place , and he got a little frustrated with it , but he kept trying , and finally went back to his latches board . That was his favorite gift of the day . I accidently bought two of them , Forgot I had bought one earlier at Amazon , and it had n't arrived yet , and bought a second one also at Amazon , and then the first one arrived , and I thoguht `` oops ! '' and then figured I could donate one to The Christmas Store , where people donate new toys and clothing for families that need help during the Christmas season . I rate this toy as an A + !
 This has been through tow kids -LRB- so far -RRB- and is very durable . My youngest loves this so much that even though we have it at home , and she plays with it at least weekly , she also plays with it at the doctor 's office despite the dozen other new toys there .
 I have a three year old and a one year old , both boys . I 've been wanting this for my three year old for a couple of years , and finally got it for my one year old 's first birthday . We have taken it in the car -LRB- quiet toy ! -RRB- and to a company party to entertain the children . Initially , all kids are drawn to it . It 's shiny brass , colorful illustrations , and unique function really interests children and catches the attention of adults . However , it 's incredibly simple so children do not stay engaged long . I will say that I had no trouble at all with any of the latches being too tough .
 Its very durable . My two year old loves it . It will sit for hours and latch and unlatch all of the latches .
 Good quality toy . I purchased this for an 18 month old and it has kept him entertained . Very prompt shipping and arrived in great shape .
 My 2 year old son loves to open and close doors and `` figure '' out how to manipulate all the baby proof latches around our house . This little puzzle can keep him occupied for quite a while and he is working on manipulating all of the latches . Also , this toys gives a child the opportunity to learn basic colors , numbers and a identify objects that are behind each `` door '' , like a pair of dogs , for example . I believe this toy is recommended for 3 years plus , but your two year old can still enjoy it and he or she will continue to learn from it . I wish Melissa and Doug made more of these ! I would buy them ALL ! Additionally , this toy is wonderful for further development of fine motor skills .
 My 3 1/2 year old grandson is a door and lock freak ! Totally fascinated with opening/closing/locking / unlocking , etc. . This puzzle has latches but also teaches counting and colors , but by far it is the latches that make this puzzle unique .
 Even my 7 year old will sit and fiddle with all the locks for a few minutes . It 's just `` that '' intriguing for kids . I bought it for my 2 year old and he loves it . So does my 3 year old nephew . This toy is so cool , that the kids will fight over it . So buy two !!!
 Our twin granddaughters love this toy . They `` discovered '' it in a toy store and we knew they had to have it for their birthday -LRB- s -RRB- . We think it 's a fantastic learning tool .
 I bought this for my 1-yr-old son . It 's a little early , but he plays with it now and then . I think he will enjoy it more when he 's two .
 This was a great puzzle . I just left my child to figure it out without me . I liked seeing the trial and error , learning to keep trying and focus that was required since it was different than other puzzles .
 My two year old loves this toy . The window lock is tight on the one I have , but I have never opened a window on which the latch was n't . He plays with it frequently . He loves lifting the wooden flaps and telling me what is inside . His favorite is the barn.I am pleased with the quality . I bought mine at a thrift shop though so it is an older version than I have seen in the store , but it is very durable .
 The detail of the toy is good . My grandchildren love to open and close the variety of locks and have found a number of different ways to play with this activity board .
 My son loves this toy ! He loves to manipulate and explore things and this lets him do it in a fun way . You do have to be careful of the doors though . If they get bent back too far , the hinges can break .
 this is a great toy for learning problem solving skills and fine motor skills . We love a lot of the Melissa & Doug toys , they are appealing to children yet educational too .
 although this board is rather large and cumbersome , my grandson loves to open the latches and although it is rated for a 3 year old my grandson who is just under 2 can open these quite handily . this is a toy he keeps going back to
 I really like this board . It 's very sturdy and has held up well to my son throwing it and jumping on it . The only reason it did n't get 5 stars is that I have a problem with 2 of the latches . One of the latches is just way too difficult for my 2.5 year old to open or close because it 's such a tight fit . The other is just in the way and never stays locked . Those minor complaints would n't be enough to stop me from purchasing this item again . Melissa and Doug are known for their long lasting items and this latch board lives unto that standard !
 My 2 1/2 year old son will pull this out of his toybox every once in awhile . He will sit and lock and unlock the doors . I did n't give it a 5 like I have for most of the other Melissa & Doug stuff we have , only because it 's not something that he 'll spend too much time with . But , it is a great learning tool and teaches hand-eye coordination .
 We have a 2 year old boy who can easily spend 10-20 minutes playing with the different latches , then also ahs started paying attention to what is behind the doors .
 Great idea and creativity put into this product.The pros
 This is a great board . Develops fine motor skills and provides long periods of concentration . The only negative thing I would have to say about it is that one of the latches -LRB- top middle -RRB- is very tight and sharp and if little fingers are n't paying attention , they could be caught . Would still repurchase !
 My two year old loves this ! My kiddo is dexterous like you would n't believe , and has a passion for opening and closing doors as well as removing covers and lids -LRB- electrical socket safety plugs , the backs of remotes , change purses , bottle tops , baby wipes -RRB- and opening clasps -LRB- wallet , watches , bracelets -RRB- . If your child is the type who 's always looking for new and exciting ways to raise your blood pressure with feats of exquisite motor control , this latchboard is a great way to redirect that energy and curiousity.I remember reading some horrified parent exclaim that perhaps teaching young kids to open latches and locks is a dangerous idea , but realistically speaking - the latches featured here probably are n't used in a safety capacity anyway . -LRB- Unless you hide your dynamite behind a miniature chain locked door . And you might want to rethink that . -RRB- The thing is also virtually indestructable . I can say this with confidence because it was `` tested '' by the brats next door , and those boys could destroy a padded cell . The colors and pictures are bright and appealing , too ; it 's remarkably well made.My only beef is the cost of Melissa and Doug products , but since it 's hand made I can understand why it 's necessary . Keep up the fine work , guys .
 We got this toy for our son when he turned one recently . Several weeks later , he still plays with it -LRB- or `` works '' on it ! -RRB- every day , unlike just about any other present he got . We leave it propped up where he can crawl over and play with it on his own . He has gradually been figuring out some of the ways to open some of the doors , but there is still a lot to figure out . If your child loves to play with mechanical devices and take things apart as much as ours does , then s/he will love this latches board .
 This toy is definitely a winner . Our 21 month old son loves it and will play for it often . He especially loves the door with the 6 goldfish.My only complaint is that I feel that the 1st 2 doors were VERY hard to open . I had to have my dad `` perform surgery '' on them and loosen them up . I 'm not even sure how he did it but they 're nice and easy to move now . I ca n't imagine even a 4 or 5 year old being able to move those 2 the way they were . Maybe I just got a really tough one ? The other 4 doors were great from Day 1 though.You can do a lot of mini games with this toy - like have your child count the animals for you , tell you the colors of the houses , etc.Another hit from Melissa & Doug !!!
 My brother is 27 with severe autism . He is non verbal with the mind of a two year old and needless to say it is hard to find toys for him . With the strength of a grown man none of his toys last very long . I bought this toy for his Christmas and he loves it . It stays by his side all day . He loves playing with the doors and enjoys opening and closing them . The toy is very durable and provides a good challenge for him . I would recommend this to anyone with an autistic child as well as small children .
 The Latches Board is a great toy . Like all Melissa & Doug products I 've seen , it 's durable , fun , and excellent for little-tyke brains . I try to find toys to help my 15-month-old daughter with problem solving and coordination , and though she 's not strong enough to work a couple of the latches on this toy , the others work well for someone her age .
 I purchased this product for my daughter who is blind , it is excellent for helping her to learn not only about all types of latches , but also cause and effect.My 4 year old that is sighted enjoys it as much if not more than my other daughter.I definitely recommend this toy for it 's educational value , excellent durability , and the fun the children have with it .
 The Melissa and Doug Latches Board entertained my 2 1/2 - year-old for over 2 hours on a long car trip recently . He never got tired of opening , closing , latching and unlatching , and discovering and counting the animals behind the doors . As mentioned by other reviewers , the # 2 latch is a little stiff for small fingers , but I think we can work on it a bit to loosen things up . I plan on tucking this away for the next car trip when it can be `` new '' again . Great toy !
 Got this from my brother and my son loves it . Will play with the latches and open the doors for a long time . It 's one of the few things that keeps his attention .
 It is so much fun ! My 2 y.o. screams `` Purple Pony ! '' without fail every time he closes and opens one of the latches . Teaches color , numbers , animals and most importantly , patience . I was keeping myself from laughing when he first play with this , he 's getting frustrated but keeps on trying until he figured them out . A little on a pricey side for a puzzle but excellent quality !
 The puzzles was a great learning resource for our son . He continues to work on his fine motor skills with the latches and locks . I would recommend it to any parents who is looking for a puzzles with a difference . Thank you .
 Ok - the title is anticlimactic , but this is a really big deal for a 16 month old busy boy . He likes figuring out how to open it up and of course expects a victory `` Yay '' once he 's conquered a door . I think this toy will last for a few more years to come and continue to be entertaining !!
 This is a cool toy that both my kids -LRB- 3 & 1 -RRB- love . I mounted it on the wall and they both play with it everyday .
 This was given to my one year old for her birthday . This was a big hit with all the kids at the party . What a great way to work on small motor skills for the little tykes and door latches for the older kids.Great Present !
 My 19 month old son recently got this toy as a gift . He loves it ! My daughter is almost 4 and loves to play with it too . My son will sit for up to 20 minutes at a time quietly playing with it . It is also very well made and I 'm not worried about it breaking like I would with other brands .
 This was purchased as a birthday gift for my 2 year old . After being told by my mother that it would probably be best for him at 3 + , my son surprised us all by falling in love with all the different latches . He absolutely loves the different animals and the different colors . We 've started counting them and recognizing shapes on the doors . Plus it 's Melissa and Doug so you know the quality is there .
 My 2 year old daughter and 4 year old son received this Melissa and Doug Latches board for Christmas last year . It is now August and this toy is still played with quite often . They both enjoy the toy . My son enjoys talking about the colors and counting the animals . My daughter just pretty much likes to open and close the doors and play with the latches . It really does grow with your child and will be something you can pass down to younger siblings . We own many Melissa and Doug items . Some of them I am impressed with and others not very much at all . I have to say this is one of the best Melissa and Doug toys that we have . The board does really seem to be of good quality , and is holding up well to my kids . My sons are very rough with toys and this one is no worse for the wear , even after having the doors glued shut with Elmer 's glue ! My only complaint is the `` door frames '' and edges of the doors are quite rough . I feel like they could be sanded down like the outside edge of the board is . The hinges so far are very sturdy and holding up .
 He 's only one but is interested in the colors and latches . I am slightly concerned that the edges are a bit raw . Afraid of splinters , but none have happened yet . Maybe they should smooth that out a bit more . My 3 year old nephew enjoys it a lot , with the colors and numbers .
 the latches board itself is nice , seems sturdy and works well . my 16 month old has liked playing with it so thats good ! I was just a little bummed because some of the corners were bumped and looked a bit rough , and it was before xmas so i didnt feel like returning it . I think I just need to learn to stop buying so much from online stores , I like to SEE what it looks like before I get it . My fault , otherwise a good toy . If it wasnt right before xmas I would have returned it for one that wasnt in rough shape .
 My daughter -LRB- 2 y.o. -RRB- loves to open and close locks and latches . This board is well constructed and has n't shown any sign of wear after 3 weeks of consistent use . It has a variety of locks and latches and should keep a young child entertained for longer than you 'd expect .
 I am not a fan of Melissa and Doug toys , I am always disappointed by the quality and swore I would never buy another Melissa and Doug product for my kid . Although I still stand by that , they do dominate the market when it comes to wooden puzzles for 1 + . I was searching for a challenge for my growing daughter when I came across this latch board in an article I was reading . I decided to give it a chance and am glad I did ! My daughter who is 18 months loves it and it contains some easy latches that she has mastered and harder ones that have kept her trying . It is exactly what I wanted and unlike their other puzzles this one has lasted more than a day .
 We love all things Melissa and Doug so when I saw this latch board it was a must have . Promotes use of fine motor skills which is so important for toddlers and is fun at the same time . Teaches colors , counting , animals and more . A definite must have for any parent who wants to have fun while teaching their children .
 This was a Christmas gift for my 2 year old twin granddaughters . After I purchased them , I had second thoughts at first because I thought it might be the wrong thing to teach them . As it turned out , it was a great gift . Very durable and since I take care of them five days a week , it has been fun . Everything I have purchased from them has been well worth every penny . Thank you .
 She started playing with this at her Gymboree class liked it so much we bought her one . It also made for a great birthday gift for her little friend .
 We purchased this toy for our 2 year old boy who loves anything mechanical and is very interested in seeing how things are put together and taken apart , etc. . He really enjoyed all the different latches and locks ; however , after owning it for less than 24 hours the coating began peeling from a corner since my son was trying to open one of the doors from there . With a little glue , it is almost as good as new but part of the picture is now torn off from the door . Also , it is relatively heavy for a toddler and if carrying around and trips , the pointy metals parts could be a problem . Overall , we like the product and would recommend it -LRB- with supervision for young children -RRB- but just wish it was a little more hearty .
 Fantastic board for fun learning ! My 2 yr old has a great time working the various latches , opening the doors , and counting the little animals hiding in their houses . Great quality and extremely durable . Highly recommend !!
 We have 21 month old twin boys and they fight over this toy . They get sucked into it minutes AND that 's AWESOME . One of the latches is still too hard for them to maneuver , but I 'm sure as they get older it will be fine.Product is well made .
 My 17 months old niece LOVES this game !! She can play with it for hours . This is a great educational toy . The only downside is that your child will know how to open all the locks : -RRB-
 This product is great . I bought one for both of my granddaughters . They love it !! This toy teaches numbers , colors , reading , and manipulative skills . It is incredible how Melissa and Doug have incorporated so many skills into one toy . As a teacher and a grandmother , I would give this toy a big well-done !!
 My son received this as a gift for his first birthday . He was too youjng to manipulate the locks , but loved looking at the animals under the doors . He is 22 months now and has no problem opening and closing all of the locks . I 'm guessing he will be bored with this toy in another few months , but has enjoyed it up to this point .
 My kid has loved and enjoyed this toy since we got it . Very durable , well made . latches work great , also very educational for learning to count , identify colors , and for fine motor skills . Would greatly recommend .
 My son loves opening and closing all the doors on this puzzle . However , standing on the doors has bent the hinges and they do n't close all the way any longer .
 Bought this item for my 2 year old grand daughter and she just love it and her 4 yr old sister loves to play also ... great product and great service !
 This board is well made . It was a very creative idea to engage children in what they are naturally inquisitive about . Excellent for strengthening fine motor skills . I wish that I would have thought of it .
 I purchased this for my 1 year old nephew and it 's taken some time for him to show interest in this toy . I think he will like it more as he gets better at opening the latches , but all in all , I 'm please with the product .
 My 2 year old twins love playing with this and it 's one of the few activities that actually keep them quiet busy for a fair amount of time !
 It 's exactly what I wamted , but my 3 yr old son does n't care for it too much . Maybe that will change in the future .
 I have a very busy 20 month old who is quite mechanical . She is fascinated by this board . It keeps her attention and gives her something productive to be working on . A couple of the latches/locks are a bit complicated for her at this stage but it is a great educational tool . My husband is a little concerned that this will encourage her to figure out the cabinet locks throughout our home but we will cross that bridge if it ever happens.I would definitely recommend this product to friends . I think it will be a popular toy in our house for quite a while .
 I love Melissa and Doug puzzles and this one has made the top of my list . It really keeps their attention and helps with fine motor skills !
 I got this for my 23 month old girl . She really likes it and keeps trying to bring it in the car with her to school . Only issue is that she keeps needing help with the latches . Some she can do herself easily and picked up on it right away but there are two latches in particular - the purple and blue ones - that are too hard to do , at times even for myself . The age recommendation is for a 3 year old and maybe they can do better with it , but I think that a 3 year old would be bored with the easier latches so I do n't know where the compromise is . I would say that it is a good learning tool and would still recommend it .
 I ` ve hardly tried this with my toddlers playgroups but I can assure they ` ll love it as much as I do -LRB- and my own children , who are quite older -RRB- . Painting is delicate and the toy is handmade . There ` s a great variety of latches which involve different skills , eye-hand coordination and logical thinking . Materials are high quality , wood is solid and beautiful , metal locks are high quality , they look resistant and safe -LRB- no sharp edges what so ever -RRB- . It 's colourful , it includes letters and numbers and lovely creatures . This will , no doubt , become one of our favorites !
 Melissa & Doug make good quality products and this latch puzzle is no different ! I bought this for my 1 year old son at Christmas last year -LRB- he had shown some interest in latches -RRB- , there were a few at that time that were more difficult for him to do - but he just ignored those and played with the other ones . Now it is a year later and he still enjoys taking out this puzzle and working all of the latches ! I would recommend this for any toddler - there are so many skills for a child to learn using this puzzle -LRB- patience , focus , concentration , fine motor , vocabulary -RRB- . Worth every penny !
 1 -RRB- my 23 mth old twins find it fascinating , even if they ca n't quite figure it out yet2 -RRB- i love that is made in USA by US company , too
 Awesome concept , awesome puzzle/latch toy ! Only concern is moving it off the floor when not in use because stepping on it hurts !!! Other than that , my son -LRB- 1 y/o -RRB- loves it , his cousin -LRB- 1.5 y/o -RRB- and also his older cousin -LRB- 5 y/o -RRB- loves to play with the latches . They are very difficult -LRB- collectively -RRB- for a young baby , but its still challenging for them and fun to play with the easy ones ... very entertaining and great idea !
 I bought this for my 20 month old son who loves to play with doors , keys and locks . He has a ball playing with this and he loves to open the doors and see the animals . He still young enough that he needs my help opening some of the latches , but it still able to do some by himself . Great product for boys who love to figure out how things work = -RRB-
 I bought this for our 16 month old grandson . It sure does keep his interest . He loves opening and closing all the locks plus opening and closing all the doors .
 I bought this Melissa and Doug Latch board for my two Grandson 's 20 months and 2 years old . I am never disappointed in the quality of a Melissa and Doug product . The boys parents said I am helping them learn how to escape ... but really this can keep them occupied for 15 to 20 min at a time . I think it is good for their dexterity and great fun as well .
 I first saw this puzzle at a local community center where my kids play and they always fight over it , so I took that as a good sign . I ordered one for our home and it arrived very quickly and was an instant hit . both my son and my daughter really enjoy this puzzle and having worked in child care for many years I can tell you , kids love to figure out locks and latches . Now it 's not as fun as some of the fancy lock boxes but for the price it ca n't be beat ! Only issue I noticed is that some of the locks are a little hard to get open and take a little muscle , maybe over time they will soften up . I 'm sure it will be the cause of many toddler squabbles in my house for quite a while and it seems sturdy enough that when they get tired of it , I 'm sure I can pass it on to a friend .
 My son is 26 months and he absolutely LOVES this latches board . He spends so much time opening and closing each one , counting each one as he goes .
 I bought this for our 1 yr old son and 2 yr old nephew for Christmas , HUGE hit ! It 's great for quiet time play and keeps both their interest for long periods of time . I usually have to help some in figuring out the locks , but once I show them , they practice over and over again .
 Really happy with this product . Enables our kids to develop fine motor skills and have fun doing it . Well made , very happy with our purchase
 my daughter -LRB- 2.25 yrs -RRB- loves this toy . i heard about it from my mother , who is a 2 yr old teacher . they use it at the center that she works in . i am an advocate of switching toys out , so we own several puzzles and manipulatives that we can rotate in play . i let this one sit out for a while when we first got it , just to see how long it would keep her interest . it made it about 5 days . thats pretty long ! the latches were n't as challenging as i hoped they would be , she figured them out rather quickly , but she still has fun opening and closing them over and over . my only reservation about the toy is the purple horse hiding behind door number one . my daughter was shocked that he is pictured with hands rather than hooves , and only one is pictured . this toy stands up to the durability standards that i have come to expect and revere from melissa and doug products . worthwhile purchase !
 Our 2-year-old grandson loves this board . His daddy & mommy tell us he sits and plays with it for long periods of time . This little guy has always been intrigued with items that open and close , so I guess we picked out something just right for him . We also purchased the Melissa & Doug clock for him ... he loves that , too !!!
 I got this for my 2 year old nephew but when I received it I loved it so much that I ordered another one for my 21 month old . He LOVES it . So much fun and educational . Definately helps with patience and fine motor skills .
 My husband and I first saw this at a Children 's Orchard and thought it was a great idea for our 18 month old . As a mother , my concern was a toddler learning how to open things she should n't , but those fears were -LRB- mostly -RRB- unfounded . We finally got this for her for her 2nd birthday and she instantly fell in love with it , as has every little kid that has come to our house . The puzzle is great ! It not only works motor skills , but it uses logic to figure out how all the different latches and locks work . My daughter had this thing completely figured out in a couple days , but 6 months later , she still plays with it all the time . Not for the locks -LRB- those are too easy for her now -RRB- but for just the fun factor and the characters behind the doors . This puzzle incorporates it all ... colors , numbers , animals , motor skills , logical thinking . It 's a must have for any toddler !
 My daughter , who is ADHD and needs to work on her fine motor skills , loves fiddling with these latches and screams `` ah ! '' when she gets a ` door ' open so it is doing what we intended ! That said , some of the latches and doors are sticky so are hard to pry open - even for me which seems to be a construction problem . In any case , I 'd recommend .
 My 20 month old daughter is very interested with this latch board . She ca n't understand a few of them , but keeps trying & should catch on soon . She will play with it for long periods of time . My relatives joke that it seems like an inner-city crime tool used to teach them breaking and entering at a young age and joked that it should include a pane of glass that they need to break with their elbow before unlatching the locks.Happy with the purchase . Very reasonably priced .
 We mounted this to the wall of our one twin year-old 's playroom . They 're too little yet to figure out how to latch and unlatch thing , but they enjoy swing the doors open and close .
 Very educational . Kids relate to it and it satisfies their natural curiosity about how things work . Highly recommend it for young kids . Indestructible .
 This is a great idea for a toy . We bought it for our 2 year old but the 6 and 8 year old siblings love it too . Very creative and keeps young ones attention for quite awhile . I guess I can see how some people feel it teaches kids to unlock things maybe they should n't but I have not found that to be the case at all . We think it is great fun !
 my daughter loves this latch board . only issue is it arrived with door # 1 stuck , like the wood cut for it was too big or angled weird so it does n't close easily . i 'm going to have to shave it down.but besides that it 's great for dexterity , learning colors , numbers , animals and latches.it 's a great toy .
 The latches board is a wonderful manipulative for my grandson , age 2 and 3/4 . He can latch a few of them but is challenged to try the others and will master those as he matures .
 I bought this for my 2-year old . She enjoys opening all of the doors to see what 's inside . She also has to figure out how to get the doors shut properly and re-lock them . I like that everything is in one piece so I do n't have to go searching for the missing pieces .
 My daughter really loves this . She is a whiz when it comes to locks and latches . Likes to sit a open and close them . Do think she would have liked one of the latch boes better , but this was way cheaper and only a little less fun .
 1 & 1/2 year old loves this puzzle . It is a little hard to do alone as some of the latches are tough .
 My 2 year old grandson and his twin sister love this toy . They love opening and closing the sections and remember what is in each window . Melissa and Doug toys are always well made .
 My two year old loved it . When he unlocks the doors , he loves to count the colorful animals . Great toy !
 My 3 1/2 year old son got this for Christmas last year when he was 2 1/2 . It 's one of his favorite toys and he still pulls it out at least twice a week and works the latches . I never had any issues with him getting his fingers stuck in the latches or any sharp edges or other safety concerns that some others have mentioned . There was a small amount of sawdust inside the plastic wrap , but it 's a wooden toy made of what is essentially pressboard , so that 's not entirely unexpected . Quick wipe with a damp washcloth resolved that issue and no sawdust problems since . Unlike some other M&D ; toys made of the same type of wood , there were no rough , flaking edges presenting major splinter hazards ... I 'm looking at you , Fold and Go Barn.It is heavy so you have to be careful there , and sometimes it is annoying/inconvenient that the doors tend to open onto other doors , but that was never too much of a problem . My son learned quickly to open the door , look at the animals inside , then close and latch before moving onto the next door.The latch for door 2 was EXCEEDINGLY tight when we first got the toy and that 's my only major complaint . It was tough even for me to open and presented a small amount of frustration for him but the toy has so much else going on that he did n't have time to stew over it . In the time since then it 's loosened up considerably and is no longer a problem.The board is sturdy , well-made , and brightly colored . It 's definitely a high quality piece that will be fun for years to come . Highly recommend !
 I received this item in a timely manner , in good condition and my two youngest grandkids started playing with it right away . Good service !
 I bought this for my son when he was about 15 months old . He loved it . What 's surprising though is that his two older brothers , 5 and 7 also play with this . In fact , every kid under 10 that comes to our house tends to spend at least a little time with it , probably because they want to see if they can get each of the latches open and find out what 's inside . We took this product on several car trips , and also in a carry on for our trip to Maui . Physically it could fit in our backpack , though it is a little bulky . My husband gave me that look that said `` you 're not really bringing that , are you ? '' It was totally worth it . All three of my kids played with it on the plane .
 My one year old got this as a birthday gift . My husband joked that my boys were in the FAA Future Felons of America . Both of them enjoy playing with it my eldest 2 1/2 has figured out how to do all the locks -LRB- though he has difficulty with the `` window '' latch -LRB- it is a bit stiff -RRB- . my one year old loves opening and closing the doors , while the eldest counts the animals inside . I love that it involves both motor skills , counting , color and number recognition . It is also a great toy to take to the restaurant -LRB- if you have a large diaper bag -RRB- since there are no parts to throw/lose . This product has also held up very well with the boys who are not always so gentle . While I love M&D products on principle , sometimes there is an issue w/quality -LRB- chipping/peeling , etc -RRB- i have n't found that to be the case with this one . I did n't buy it but I think it is worth the money .
 Our 10 month old son was so excited to play with this toy . He opened all the doors and made noise with the locks and hinges . He still comes back to this toy every now and then . He 's had it a month and still enjoys playing with it . I imagine this toy will become more fun in months to come .
 If you 're looking for a multi-challenging toy for a young child -LRB- 1-3 -RRB- this is sure to keep them happy . They will learn colors , numbers , and animals while using their hands to operate interesting latches.Like other reviewers have stated , I found some of the latches to be stiff . The latch at 2 is especially so.Overall , a beautiful teaching `` puzzle '' .
 I bought this for my daughter when she was about 2 1/2 . She enjoyed figuring out how to open all the latches and we had fun together talking about the animals , colors , and counting . She has played with the toy off and on for almost 2 years now . My son is 19 months old and discovered it in his sister 's room several months ago . He dragged it out to the family room and has played with it nearly every day . He loves opening and closing the doors and trying to figure out the latches . The toy seems to be extremely durable as both kids have fought over it and dropped it and it still looks like new .
 My Grandson is 2 & very busy . He rarely sits down , so I bought the Latches Board to see if it would interest him . The first time he played with it , he sat for 45 minutes playing with it . I was amazed at how it kept his interest & he continues to love playing with the various latches , knocking on the doors & peeking inside to see who is in there . I love it !
 I am a huge Melissa & Doug fan but I was a bit disappointed with this toy . The construction felt shabbier than I am used to with M&D products and two of the locks are so sticky that I can barely open them , let alone my two year old . I think the toy definitely teaches my daughter some problem solving skills -LRB- and fine motor skills , too -RRB- but it does n't help if she ca n't actually open some of the locks/doors . I 'm still glad I bought it , but I wish I could easily return it for one with all properly adjusted locks .
 my daughter is 16 months old and loves this board . . i know shes well under the recommended age but she was able to open all but one of the locks the first day she got it so i dont think its premature for her age . . i can barely open the one she has trouble with , so its not that she cant do it , its that the wheel lock is just really tight and hard to move , i think with time itll loosen up though . . that being said , its a wonderful , wonderful toy that really teaches great problem solving skills . . one of the few toys ive bought that was worth the money i paid for it !
 I bought this latchesboard as a Birthday present for my grandsons 2nd birthday . He is a very curious child that loves to push buttona and open things . It did n't take him long to learn how to operate the board and he loves it !!
 This is a great manipulative toy , and is quite possibly my 2 year old son 's most favorite toy of all . He loves the puzzle aspect of figuring out the latches , opening the door , and seeing the animals inside . The toy withstands him carrying it from room to room . It 's a real hit !
 My daughter is two and this `` puzzle '' engages her . She 's figured out most of the latches , but there are a few that continue to challenge her . It 's something I put away and present to her every now and then so that she 's still excited by it when she plays with it . It 's colorful and durable , and I like that it 's plastic-free . She enjoys opening the doors and naming the animals and colors too . Great for honing fine motor skills !
 I bought this for my 2 year old cause she is always messing with the latch on her car seat ... she didnt take to the puzzle like i thought she would , but i think in time she will love it ... Melissa & Doug make the BEST puzzles ... pricey , but the BEST !!
 He has n't mastered all of the latches by himself yet , but he really enjoys opening the doors and seeing the pictures hidden behind . It 's sturdy , colorful and fun .
 Our 2 year old loves this toy . She quickly mastered the locks and loves to open the doors to see the animals inside . She makes the sound the animal makes . She is beginning to name the numerals and count the animals .
 Someone gave my granddaughter this toy and she enjoyed it . So I decided to buy it for my grandson and he thinks it 's great . Both children are 18 months old . They have only had it a short time , but I expect it to last as the latches are secured very well and the board material is thick without being unduly heavy .
 My 2 year old son loves this ! Helps teach colors , animals , and counting 1-6 . The # 1 & # 2 latch were hard to open at first , but open the latch a few times & it 's fine . It 's just one of those locks that are naturally harder to open . Love this product & seems very durable !
 I love every single melissa & doug I get ! They 're solid , keeps them interested , great long term toys !!
 My nephew is 2 years old , and I wanted to get him a toy that was a little bit more educational for Christmas . These puzzles -LRB- Hide and Seek and the one with the Locks and Latches -RRB- were exactly that . The look on his face when he opened these puzzles from me was great.The puzzles are in pristine condition -LRB- for now -RRB- , and the quality for these kid 's toys is great . I wish that they had these puzzles when I was a kid -LRB- I 'm 26 now -RRB- . When I have kids , I will continue to buy these puzzles for them , because they are a perfect gift for kids . I highly recommend these .
 This is the most expensive single piece set that Brio sells . But if you want a big and sturdy parking place for your trains , this is the piece to get.The Roundhouse set comes with a five-way switch , however , it may also be used with the 33276 Grand Turntable which is designed to fit the entries of the roundhouse.The trains inside the roundhouse may be accessed either through the five front doors but also very conviently through the large and easy to open sliding back doors . The back doors are very nice as it may otherwise have been difficult to park and get to the trains inside the roundhouse.Apart from the front doors being a little hard to open , I have found no problems with this set . It it a good and safe parking lot for the engines and it has enough room for even the very long 190mm/7 .5 '' IR controlled engine -LRB- 33221 -RRB- . Whether it is worth the price ? Well , I think it is a bit too expensive . But when you got it , it adds a lot of play possibilities to your train set .
 I bought the stuffed cougar as an embellishment for a school spirit item I am making . I may take it apart and use only the head , or use it all , I do n't know yet ... it is very cute and it has lots of possibilities .
 The Highballer is an excellent choice for an N scale starter set . It includes everthing you need to get started . The F9A locomotive is a well-constructed and durable locomotive . This set should serve you for many years and can be incorporated in your layout as it grows . The warranty is a nice feature also . Bachmann has been manufacturing N scale trains since the 1960s .
 This toy n size train was perfect for our Christmas village . Our family really enjoyed the realistic touch it added . The size is perfect scale . Our grandchildren were able to run it without problems . It stayed on the track and the track remained connected .
 This is a great little N-gauge train that is compact , easy to set up , easy to run and very affordable . We 're hoping it is more durable than some of the other N-gauge trains we have gotten for our son , but that remains to be seen .
 I bought this set to try model railroading as a hobby . It was inexpensive and small making it perfect for my needs . When I received it I took it out of the box and had it up and running within 10 minutes , no problems at all . Nothing has fallen apart , I 've moved the train and track countless times knocking them over and nothing has been damaged . I went ahead and weathered the train with charcoal and matte clear coat and now it looks like a real used locomotive . I 'm now working on my carved-foam 30 `` x30 '' layout , and since this little bachmann set has done so well I 'm thinking of purchasing another small set from them to do another little model.note
 I got this train for Christmas from Santa Claus and I think it is an awesome train set . And I like it becaue it has a light in the front of the train and it comes with a caboose that has windows that you can see through . A kid can put it together easily and it has a piece that puts the train engine and the cars on the track -LRB- if you take the train engine or the cars and rub them back and forth on that piece of track . -RRB- -LRB- Dictated by Dominic , age 7 -RRB-
 Pros :1 . Great set to start with2 . Easy to set up3 . Comes with a good length train4 . Everything is scaled perfectly5 . The E-Z track is great for new model railroaders6 . The power supply is even throughout the whole track , and with more track added on7 . The engine works perfectlyCons :1 . The caboose coupling is not attached to the wheel truck , and therefore comes out easily on winding track2 . The coal carrier did not come with a coupling attached . I had to take the coupling from the back of the caboose and put it on the coal carrier3 . The engines couplings are higher than the rest of the carsOverall , I think this is a good set , especially if you get more track with it . If you are planning to get more track with it , you should know that the E-Z track is perfectly compatible with standard N-scale track . Have fun railroading !
 This Bachmann N guage train set gave my 3 yr.old Greatgrandaughter so much joy , I added more track to make a 4ft oval . she learned how to run it with supervision , in no time at all , it was such a pleasure to see her smile as she took over the controls , pluss I enjoyed showing her how to run it .
 I wish Amazon would give more detail on what is inside the box because it is great . The set includes a solid quality diesel locomotive , box car , gondola car , caboose , power supply , speed control with DC and AC outputs , and 12 sections of Bachmann nickle-silver EZ 11.5 inch radius track . The track is one of the top quality track systems and when assembled the track forms a 23 inch circle and fits on a 2ft x 2ft table . This is N scale -LRB- 1:160 scale -RRB- , meaning the track and cars are small , the locomotive is about 4 inches long and 1 inch high . This is a good starter set for anyone looking to get started in N scale . The box indicates the product is for ages 14 + .
 So far it is great ! A little smaller than I realized but I am not very knowledgeable when it comes to the scales for trains . This was a gift for my husband just for him to have a small starter set . Set up is extremely easy , the train stays on the track very well , even at the top speed . It goes a lot faster than I have seen for such a small train set . I would recommend buying more track when you buy the set . It comes with 11 curved pieces , which does n't turn into much . Overall the set seems great and I am very happy with it .
 I have two of these Highballer sets -LRB- one much older one that I got at a garage sale , and the newer one from Amazon -RRB- . I bought this newer one as an add on to my current N gauge set up . Both are running well -LRB- which speaks well of the durability -RRB- , and the newer style of snap-fit EZ track is a great improvement over the older style track , especially if you do n't have a dedicated layout , but merely set it up on a temporary basis.Bachmann is a great `` entry-level '' train manufacturer , meaning that the trains usually run well , and the products go together well , so set up of a stand alone track is a breeze for anyone . The lifetime warranty is a nice touch , although I 've never needed it , since I 've never had any problems with their train sets.While this `` toy '' is n't recommended for kids youger than 14 , all of my kids are younger than 14 , and all of them except the youngest -LRB- 2yrs old -RRB- can run it without needing my help.Being N gauge , it is small , so it takes a little patience to place the trains on the track , but it is n't difficult .
 This is an excellent basic starter kit for N scale model railroading . It is good value for money .
 It 's So Easy To Connect Controls To Switches Now . No Splicing The Wires Anymore . Simply Plug One End Of Extension Wire to Controller And The Other End To The Switch Wires . I Rolled Up The Excess Wire And Hooked It Under My Train Table Layout . A Perfect Idea And Fast Way To Get Your Layout Wired . Thanks , Kytrainman -LRB- Dennis -RRB-
 This was a gift to a friend.The train set is of HO scale and is going to be assembled this holiday.Thank you .
 This is a neat looking figure by Marvel . His flames are a wild orangy color , and you can just about see through him . He does n't do anything special , you can bend and pose him , and I am really impressed with the ease at which his joints move . But like I said , nothing special about the toy as far as a play toy for kids , just add imagination ! Cool collectible !
 This is very good figure as he has great sculpting and a incredible likeness as its pretty movie accurate . I recommend Marvel Movie/Marvel Legends/Spider-Man figures for age 10 and up due to the fragileness nature of the figures . Bottom line this is a must have figure if you are a big Fantastic Four fan ! I strongly recommend this figure !
 I gave Bull V-Rex and King Kong to two five year old boys this past Christmas . They played with them by the hour . I have to admit feeding the little people to the lizard-king was just plain fun .
 This toy is great ... Even if you are not a King Kong fan ... Or if you have a kid that loves dinosaurs . . this is great to add to the colletion ... I love the sounds of the people screaming , and the door on his belly to let the people out . .
 Of course you need the Deluxe : Roaring Kong to go with this one but these do n't disapoint
 To sum it all down ... this thing rules . Now the fun thing is feeding the Vastatasaurus rex -LRB- meaning ravager-lizard king , yet still a mouthful at first -RRB- the little people is so fun . I can do it as the day goes by . Now i know what yer thinkin ' . and yes , the guys come back out safe and sound . but remember ... IT WILL EAT YOU ALIVE !!!!!!!! MUHAHAHAHAHAHAAA ! that is if you were , say , one inch tall , but what are the chances of that ?!?!?!
 This has no picture.When I bought it said it came with a King Kong-it does not.It is the Bull V-Rex which is very cool.It eats the little people!Still a great value .
 Playmates got the licence to make King Kong action figures for the new King Kong film directed the Lord of the Rings Trilogy Peter Jackson!This King Kong figure is amazing ! The Bull V-Rex is about 11 inches tall and extremely detailed . The sculpting is superb ! His jaw can open and close when you slide his back button and he roars loudly with some sound effects in the background . Insert the figures he comes with into his mouth and he will chow them down and they will be located in his stomach . His stomach has a trap door so it can be done over and over again ! There is an on/off switch as well ! Included is some small human figures . He is in good scale with the Deluxe Roaring Kong figure . If you love King Kong I strongly recommend that you purchase this figure today !
 I got this figure for chirmas and is was amazeing it has a trap door to releaze its victems it stands up it.It is a very great toy .
 people say that the toy is always falling down do n't listen to that.It 's my favorite toy it stands straight up.plus it eats the people and it actually looks real doing it they slide right down its throat.so if you like kong toys this is the best to me so far and i have all of almost all of them.try and get the kong too.you ` ll
 This toy is awesome ! I got it for Christmas and was amazed at the details ! It is so cool how it eats the people , then you can get them out of its stomach . The roar is nice and loud and sounds cool . I would recommend this toy for anyone who likes the new king kong movie !
 my daughter is 5 and i got this for her . she absolutely loves it . i love the fact that it comes with a container for snacks , and that it has plenty of room for her barbie thermos . the only downfall is that the pink and purple one pictured is no longer available . it ships as a pink and lime green .
 My little daugther loves her new lunchbox!It 's beutiful ... very spacious and comes with a container for a snack and has two compartments !! It 's very appropriate my daugther 3 years old !!!
 My daughter insisted on this lunchbox for kindergarten . Her lunchbox arrived , but she was devasted that it was the pink and limegreen lunchbox she had last year . I contacted multiple Amazon vendors prior to re-purchasing only to find that the one pictured is no longer available and the other one has replaced it . I give the lunch box in general 4 stars because of space and organizational ability .
 This doll is a great addition to the Disney 's Great Villains Collection . These dolls are exactly like the film villains they represent . And the display box idea with a scene from the film is brilliant ! It is one of those dolls that anyone looking at my collection always has to stop , pick up and open the box to see the full display , most of the time sharing their childhood moment of the first time they saw `` Snow White '' . Any doll collector would be glad to add this to their collection . I have also added some of the details in my review below , being I did n't see any product details . This is for adult collectors . `` Mirror , mirror on the wall , Who 's the wickedest of them all '' ? The Evil Queen , Snow White 's Stepmother From Walt Disney 's Classic Animated Film , Snow White and The Seven Dwarfs ! This vain villain casts a spell more stylish and sinister than ever as a Limited Edition Collector Doll.The Evil Queen is authentically and exquisitely clad for this amazing highly detailed reproduction from the film . Her Satin Gown and Velvet Cape with Faux Fur Trim flow like the evil from her soul . A Golden Crown tops her life-like face . She can even hold the box intended for Snow White 's Heart!This Limited Edition Evil Queen is Fourth in a Series of Collector Dolls inspired by Great Disney Villains . Each doll from the Great Villains Collection is showcased in a gate fold box with surroundings that capture an unforgettable moment from the film . * Contents : * Doll Approx 12 '' Tall * Doll Fashion Outfit from the film
 for such few puzzle pieces , this will keep you entertained for some time ! a good challenge for the whole family -LRB- 7yr old , 12yr old and adult -RRB- !
 these figures are great ! great addition to any dc collection . i got it as a christmas present and i loved it !
 This turned out to be a sweet Christmas gift . I had the opportunity to play the game and it was really fun , especially for the choco-holics !! : -RSB-
 The Chocolate-opoly by Late for the Sky is the game any ` sweetie ' would love to receive - along with a box of chocolates of course ! I have often said I do n't have blood in my veins I have chocolate ! In looking for other Monopoly games as Christmas gifts I came across this one and was sold . This is a fun game ! It is indeed , as the product description mentions , ' a decadently delicious ' game for chocolate lovers ' . You buy chocolate properties , collect chunks of chocolate and trade them in for chocolate factories . Be careful or you could get sent to Chocoholics Anonymous or face Death By Chocolate - ah , but what a sweet way to go ! ~ Mrs. B.
 Bought this for my wife for Christmas . We love how on the back of each property , they give a description of the history and fun facts about that type of Chocolate ! Girls love this sort of stuff !
 We just love Monopoly . But I tire of the same old game . We even have Disney Monopoly and I have reached burn-out !! But , this has really freshened up our game . Make sure you have a bowl of M&M 's or some kind of chocolate on hand while playing because you will have some kind of attack , I promise !
 I have been a chocoholic my whole life and when I saw this game I knew I had to get it ! It 's just like monopoly except with witty chocolate names for everything . So if you like monopoly , and you love chocolate , I suggest you buy this asap . : D
 If you like chocolate and monopoly you will love this game . It is set up very much like the original monopoly game but only with a chocolate theme . Our whole family loved playing this game !
 This game is great for the Chocoholic in all of us girls ... Great for our All girl parties at holiday time . Really enjoyed
 Purchased this game as a gift for our daughter . Awaiting to hear her reaction . Have n't played the game myself but from all appearances , it will be the hit of the party .
 History tends to repeat itself ... Back in elementary school I used to have a couple of lunch boxes that I loved as a kid . Then later on in grade school lunch boxes were uncool and `` just for kids '' so I stopped using them . Now as a full grown adult I realized I was spending too much money on lunch every day so I started to bring my lunch to the office . paper or plastic bags with a couple of containers was not the best solution to this so I said
 I purchased two of these for Christmas gifts , and they were both excellent . I loaded four jars of jam into one -LRB- as a continuation of the gift -RRB- and did n't have any trouble with the handle staying closed . The main compartment has a zipper under the batman logo - as long as that 's closed , I do n't think that the weight of food would pull the handle open . The box seems like it will hold a good amount of food - enough for a child 's lunch or an adult 's . The utility belt opens to a second compartment that could hold an ice pack or a small tupperware . All told - a cute lunchbox for superhero fans of all ages .
 Nice product - love the design ... however it 's a bit small . I have a hard time putting lunch and snacks in there .
 My son loves this lunch box . It has separate compartments for drinks , lunch and lunch money . Great find !
 I love this lunchbox ! It is a lot smaller than I thought it would be , but I have not had any trouble fitting my lunches into it even with my unusual sized Tupperware . I do n't see much purpose to the zipper bottom &#34; secret &#34; utility belt compartment and think it would have been better if that extra two inches was just extended to the main compartment , especially because it can make the bag rather soft at the bottom and want to tip over a bit . Besides , it 's a Batman lunchbox , how cool is that ?
 I bought this as a gift for my sister , I saw the lunch bag on TV , and I knew she would love it.I 'm giving it to her for Valentines ! amazon makes it so easy to find what I 'm looking for .
 A batman lunch box with a cape . How cool is that . Good size for my 5 year old grandson . Carries just what he needs to his preschool and is the envy of his playground buddies .
 The lunchbox is so cute , it 's easy for my son to carry . I can fit a &#34; Sistema Klip It Lunch Cube to Go Food Container -LRB- 48 ounce -RRB- &#34; in the top compartment , and I put juice and a bag of chips/crackers in the bottom compartment . I have n't had a problem with the handle yet but I can see how the velcro wo n't hold if it 's too heavy . The lunchbox is easy to wipe clean too .
 He proudly carries his Batman lunch bag to preschool everyday . When we left it at Gymboree one day and had to send him with his old Toy Story lunch bag , he cried and cried.His daily lunch is a sandwich -LRB- in a plastic , reusable holder -RRB- , a Yo Toddler yogurt , fruit -LRB- in a Tupperware -RRB- , banana , and either cheese stick or 100 cal pack . It all fits fine . His thermos -LRB- not included with the lunch bag -RRB- fits nicely on the bottom.This was a good purchase and functions as it should .
 this lunch box is great . got it for my 26 year old brother for christmas as a joke and now he uses it every day for lunch
 This item is truely worth buying . I bought this for my husband who is a major batman fan , he saw it and fell in love with it . Its just the right size and you have enough space for putting your lunch . Plus the cape on it is pretty cute ! I recommend anyone to buy this product .
 I got this as a gift for a friend and was very surprised by the quality . I 'm thinking about getting one for myself!PROS - Coolness factor , Cheap -LRB- better than think geek -RRB- , Dual compartments that are separately insulated , Large inside , Bottom utility belt area is rubbery so it wo n't get those annoying frayed cornersCONS - People will want to steal not only your lunch but your lunch bag too !
 My coworkers wished they were this cool . With my Batman lunchbox ... i 'll never go hungry again in Gotham City . On a serious note , Its a great lunchbox . Comes with a little lunch container that fits into the utility belt compartment . Buy it !!!
 This is a great lunch box for the Batman fan , is durable , and easy to clean . The only slight problem is that it tends to be a little top-heavy , so does n't always stay upright when packed . But my son loves it , and I love the dual compartment , so his drink does n't squish the rest of his lunch .
 Perfect lunchbox to go with his Pottery Barn Batman Backpack . It is well made and I believe will last the school year !
 I bought this lunch kit for my sister , she has liked it and she is enjoying it while taking her lunch to school .
 This was such a great gift for a friend and it arrived right on time for christmas ! She loves it and I could n't be more happier with the purchase or the sender for their hard work on getting it to me before the holidays .
 I purchased this Batman lunch kit September 2009 for my son who is a Batman hero . This is a perfect lunch kit , it is very roomy and the separate compartment for your beverage is perfect . It is worth the price , when i saw this item i had to have it . My son had his for over a year and this lunch box kit is made with strong material with a nice handle . Your little one will love it .
 Daughter really wanted a Batman Lunch box . Looked at all the discount stores for one and finally went to Amazon and found one I knew she would like . She uses it almost every day . Big enough for the ice pack and food . and the cape is fun . Even a little change pocket on the front .
 works good and covers very easily . comes out fast so be careful . i used it as a base coat and a backing
 It 's paint , and it works ! Good collor comes in a very vell packed box , dose not jam when u press the top .
 Need this paint for a Traxxas body I was painting . Never used Tamiya before but I will from now on ! Very good to work with ... Lovin ' It !
 I have a few of these little puzzles and I really enjoy them . I like that there are only 9 pieces and so they are easy to pick up and do n't take up my entire table . The flamingo puzzle is proving to be the most challenging for me so far .
 Recently , I took my young son to the La Brea Tar Pits and wanted something for him as a souvenir . This is great - it 's cute but it also gets him familiar with the sabre-toothed cat . Built well .
 Great product . Superb delivery . Ove-priced handling and delivery which is pandemic in purchases of most Amazon sponsored items .
 The playing card rack I ordered for playing Canasta over the winter was great.It was even better than the ones I had seen used before . I got one for a friendalso and she loved it too . The fact that it revolves is great . Price was rightand delivery rapid .
 In general , we are please with the product , a 2 Deck Rotating-Revolving Card Tray . Compeditors models are slightly sturdier and not so easy to tip over . But for the price , a good choice .
 I searched for this item because we play cards on wednesdays . With a large group it is easier to pass the deck down the table for the next person 's turn . I liked this product so well I bought one for each of the card members as we rotate homes .
 I have n't used it yet , but I 'm sure I will like it ! Will let you know if it is n't good !
 Again , a perfect item for a family and friend card events . . Keeps them nice and neat and not all over the place .
 I read the previous reviews and found this product to be reliable for the purpose of playing canasta . It stays steady and performs as expected .
 It is n't perfect , a bit flimsy ; however , it is very convenient to keep pile of cards easy to grab and in place .
 Tried it out last night and were pleased . Works well to keep cards organized and neatly stacked in their separate trays for drawing pile and discard pile . Non-slip swivel base sure makes it easier to access from all around the table . Seems sturdy enough for our needs in playing card games .
 The revolving tray has other features as well as the revolving that makes it easy to draw cards without them scattering all over the playing table . Your hand can reach any number of notches placed around the tray to help draw or discard without messing up the stack .
 Product is well made and attractive . Very useful for any card game that involves placing a pick-up deck and a discard deck on the table . Tray holder keeps stacked cards neat and permits passing around to players if table is somewhat large .
 Very good quality , pricing good considering the users . So far has proven to be very durable at a senior center of card sharks who play several hours a day five days a week .
 This item was sent with playing cards and a shuffler . All were sent together and received in very good condition . We have used these items recently and had a good time .
 Very fast shipper , and i love how the tray spins and it also has padding underneath to protect the table from scratches .
 When I received the card tray it seemed fine except then the post that holds it together kept coming out . We tried to use it that way and it would n't work . So I put a little earthquake hold on the post and then inserted it back into the tray and it worked just fine . Now we use it when playing cards and it 's great . I probably will purchase another for a friend .
 Great ! revolves , and no more having cards spill , as the one I bought is for six decks , and has nice deep sides
 This was well worth the money . We play cards often . It comes in handy for the card game Thirty - One .
 I 've recently started playing canasta and the tray is wonderful . It 's deep enough to hold the cards , revolves nicely and makes me feel a little sophisticated using this holder
 I do love it-been looking in all the stores and could n't find one-so glad you had one that I could purchase ...
 We are very happy with this tray / holder . We use it in our Canasta games . I recommend this is anyone that plays Canasta .
 Item was just as described and proved to be just what we needed for the grandkids to be able to hold their cards .
 With this product , there is no longer any need to straighten out shifting piles of cards . It is easy to see the cards and the multiple slots make it handy to grab a card from any direction . We ca n't imagine playing some of our card games without this tray in the center of the table . We loved ours so much that we bought some for gifts to people we play cards with -LRB- our own tray does n't have to travel with us now -RRB- .
 The Deck Tray is very good to use . Instead of leaving the cards in the middle of the table , we slid the tray from one player to the other . This helps alert a player that it is his/her time to play preventing a lull and everyone wondering whose time it is to play . This deck tray was a great investment .
 I 've wanted a card holder for Uno , Mille Bornes and other card games involving a draw and discard pile . Thankfully I was n't looking specifically for a rotating/revolving card holder because this holder simply does n't do it . I knew this was likely by reading reviews before I purchased it . If you consider having to press down on the holder firmly to rotate it then sure it rotates , but it really should spin relatively smoothly without much effort . Other reviewers noted that if there were too many cards on one side that it leaned , but I have n't found that to be a problem as of yet . The clear acrylic is strong and this item would have to take one heck of a whack in order to crack.Again , I was simply looking for a card holder for draw/discard so I think it works well , but if you need it to rotate/revolve I think you 'll be disappointed .
 What can I say ? It is what it is , clear molded plastic tray , rotates easily , holds the playing cards well . Simple and works as a card holder should . Not much to it .
 I looked all over for this Canasta tray . Nobody carries them anymore ! I did n't really need one that rotates , but the best price is right here on Amazon . Thanks for carrying `` hard-to-find '' items !
 Great for holding decks of cards for many card games . It keeps the stacks straight . I especially like if for playing Uno with my grandchildren .
 The tray works well . I was used to a non-revolving tray and was looking for additional trays . This one was recommended to me and I like the revolving one . It makes playing at a larger table easier when each player can turn the tray to reach the cards .
 This purchase of 2 2-deck rotating-revolving card trays was completely satisfying . Was exactly as described on the website . Arrived very fast and in perfect condition . I did feel the shipping charge was a bit exorbitant but really needed the trays for some friends so went ahead and paid the asking price . Purchased thru Amazon .
 I thought the base under the tray was a bit small , so that sometimes the whole tray would tip down , when taking a card . Other than that it works fine . The service and delivery time were great .
 It makes playing cards with a group much easier - we are all very satisfiedwith it .
 I really like this tray - it so keeps my mom from spreading all the cards all over the table and `` forgetting '' what order they were in - my husband at first did n't like it , but now he does
 It was just what I needed and I could n't find it in any local stores so it was convenient to order on line .
 I am extremely pleased with the 2 Deck Rotating-Revolving Card Tray . I use it all the time when I play Canasta . I 'm even more pleased with the excellent and quick service I received from the provider . I was concerned about the product going to my old address and he alleviated any concerns I may have had with the communications exchanged between me and Amazon.com . I highly recommend doing business with this company .
 I have been looking for this item in stores for several months . Nobody carries card trays anymore . Was very pleased to find it on the internet . It works great and at a very reasonable price . Thanks
 Instead of Canasta , we use this when we play Uno . The cards do n't slide all over the table . The only problem was that becasue of the base that allows for ratating , the cardholder rocked on the table . This was corrected with a pair of wedges .
 I think it 's great that a 6 card shuffler was invented . We use the shuffler for our Hand and Foot card game . Awesome !
 Works well for 1 deck , but we play Canasta with 3 decks , so it 's a little shallow and tips a little when 3 decks are in one side . But it 's the best one I could find . I doubt it would work for 4 decks .
 This card tray has made games so much easier . I have tried so hard to find one to work with my boys and I am SO PLEASED with my purchase .
 We liked the product we use it when we play canasta it it super for that I would recommend it !!
 These are wonderful card trays , especially good for Hand & Foot .
 Product is excellent , exactly as pictured . Just what I needed . It 's sturdy and turns easily .
 The service was fast , really fast & the merchandise wasvery good quality . Very pleased .
 I enjoyed my card tray . It revolves easily and even though it says it is for 2 decks , it holds 4 decks without a problem . I use the tray in my card club . One of the other members saw it and asked if I would buy her two trays . I looked at many sites before I found these trays . Now I go Amazon.com before I search anywhere else because I generally find my item at Amazon .
 I purchased this product to use in a canasta game that I play in once a week . This product is great . It houses the cards perfectly and is extremely stable .
 THIS IS ONE OF THE BEST CARD TRAYS I HAVE PURCHASED . TURNS GOOD AND CARDS EXIT SMOOTHLY . WILL BE PURCHASING ANOTHER ONE AS A GIFT SOON .
 The Card Tray/Holder was exactly what I expected . Very pleased with it.I have recommended it to several others and they will be ordering from you .
 Great price , good deal . We use ours a lot . Holds up to the wear and tear pretty good . We had to glue the base to its peg on the bottom because it kept falling off and the little ball bearing would try to get away . That 's an easy fix if this happens to you . Not a show stopper . Buy it .
 We used this last evening for the first time . We loved it . I just ordered another one as we gave this one to ourfavorite card-playing friends .
 I really like it except I probably should have ordered the one that holds more decks . I need people to play now. ,
 The card tray/holder is perfect for our needs , very simple , hardly needs a review . It does what it is supposed to do .
 Starting taking canasta lessons and a group of us have continued playing . We could not find these anywhere , I ordered 5 of them for our group . They arrived quickly , were reasonably priced .
 We used to have a canasta tray -LRB- which is identical -RRB- . We have looked everywhere over the past 10 years to buy another with no luck . I could not believe when we found this one on Amazon . I would recommend this to anyone and everyone that likes to play cards .
 This works great also it keeps our cards from sliding all over the table . We use it daily . Would recommend it .
 small , revolving playing card tray/holder was compact in size and enabled players to grab the cards without spillage and allow more playing space
 Great product ! I love this product . It is very handy when playing cards , as it makes it easy for everyone to see who has discarded what .
 Works great ! If your family plays as many card games as mine and someone is always having to reach over the stack to reach the discarded pile this works great . It also keeps the cards neatly stacked so you can not see the cards under the top one .
 These are wonderful for Canasta Players . The price was good and they have been used with our group for several years .
 I love the card playing holder ... It revolves and holds cards that are discarded and ones to be picked up from . Much neater table and easy for all to reach .
 we play cards every sat . with freinds at each others house i was the only one without know i 'm ready for them .
 We had the hardest time finding a card tray in the stores , so were so pleased to find one at Amazon , and , love the revolving feature
 We bought this as a gift for a couple we are friends with . They loved it !! Before this it was hard to keep all of the cards organized and we were always reaching over each other to draw a card . This product spins/rotates , and holds the perfect amount of cards . We did n't buy the tray that holds more cards and I am glad we did n't because this one makes it easier to grab cards out of since it is n't too deep .
 us 4 great grannies find playing card games much nicer now that we can slide the deck around with the ` tray '
 Just what I wanted . Perfect for playing 6 peopleCanasta . Giving as gifts to friends . Good use forany card games . All card players should have one .
 It wo n't improve your luck , but it works like a charm.This product is great for Canasta and other card games .
 I really like the card tray and gave it as a gift for friends who came over to play cards . They loved it and were glad to take it home .
 Works well for our Canasta card games . Has a hard time rotating so we do n't turn it . Would definitely purchase again . Best deal and received very quickly .
 Excellent product . Makes cheating more difficult as the cards ca n't `` separate '' and allow viewing of discard stack . Easier to pickup cards and keeps table organized .
 Product was put to good work . I had to modify is to make it stable
 These trays are exactly what I wanted for playing canasta . They came right away and were just as described on-line .
 The two deck rotating-revolving card tray has made our Canasta playing an ease!No more stretching over the table just to draw a card , and no more peeking what has already been discarded . Works especially well with new slippery cards . I would like to order another one as soon as it goes back on sale .
 My four year old nephew was soooo surprised when he opened his spiderman present for Christmas !!! We all had a good laugh when his eyes opened up wide to see his toy . He was thrilled and so was I with the purchase . It was just right for a four year old boy !
 Yes , I could have bought a plain old plastic recorder for my 2 year old son to play with , but once I saw these adorable and brightly colored instruments , I had just had to have one ! I also ordered another and gave it to my friend , who has a son five months older than mine . Music is such an important part of childhood development and this darling recorder is the perfect way to celebrate that notion ! One drawback , however is if you have a young child , who likes to throw things , this recorder may chip a little , since it 's wooden and not plastic . It 's nothing serious - just a little chip off some of the paint . When I see my son pick this up and blow into it like the `` pied piper '' to make a `` melody '' , I crack up !!! Also , lots of speech therapists use items such as these to exercise muscles in the mouth that are imperative for talking ...
 My 4yo son received this for Christmas . He absolutely loves playing with it . I do wish it was easier for him to transform , as my husband and I are the actual `` tranformers '' . Overall , I would recommend this toy for little boys that enjoy playing with transformers .
 My grandson had this on his wish list was glad I was able to find it for him made his day
 First of all I am a fan from back in the day , love Transformers . Bought Prime and Bumble Bee for the munchkin at Christmas . I chose these because of the simpler `` transform '' design and while considerably less complicated that the regular bots they still require some assistance for the younger kiddos . I transform them several times a day and yes Prime has indeed lost his ability to stay transformed -LRB- very frustrating when you are acting out movie scenes -RRB- in addition to missing an arm and severly faded paint . I like the fact that certain parts will release instead of break but I believe there needs to be an even tougher version of these toys for the little guys/gals , something they can do on their own . The `` Slammers '' line of bots offers an extremly simple transform and more sturdy construction but they do not stay transformed and the bot form is slightly dissapointing . Will replace Prime and BB when loved to death , they are still way cool and my munchkin is definatly hooked . Come on Hasbro , get those circuts pumping give us druable Transformers so even the smallest fans can enjoy the legacy .
 These cards are very good . Me and my poker pals used the jokers as test cards . We bent them and they returned to thier normal shape . Too break them you would really have to be trying , normal card play wont mark them , and they seem like cleaning wont be difficult .
 I have been playing poker for almost 6 years now . And this is honestly the best deck of cards I have ever used . It almost tops casino quality ! They are very smooth , and rugged . They are extremely easy to shuffle and durable . I recommend this set to anyone serious about poker . $ 29.99 for a deck of two might seem like a lot , but it is well worth the investment . Add to your shopping cart now ! : -RRB-
 I love these cards , in principle . But in practice when you are playing a game where two decks are in play -LRB- to keep the pace fast -RRB- , the logos on the two decks of cards are too similar . If you are not paying attention , cards from one deck could slip into the other.I wish they would give the two decks more of a stark contrast in colors.If you never use two decks on the same table , and do n't store them where they could become mixed up , then these are great .
 This MRC transformer-speed controller replaces my old HO TYCO transformer . It 's awesome and much better than the old one . Ideal for ONE -LRB- maybe two -RRB- HO engine -LRB- s -RRB- , the speed controller runs my steam locomotive at realistic slow-slower speeds with enough juice to get her up to full speed . Runs fast , but not too fast ; it 's ideal for small RXR set-ups . Nice , large control dial for smooth operation , forward/reverse switch and an on / off power switch so that I do n't have to keep unplugging the unit . I love it !
 Three controls
 Railpower makes a solid product and this HO/N scale power pack delivers smoothly variable power to allow very slow model train operation up through fast speeds .
 Ordered the MRC 1300 after comparing several models , and it more than met my expectations . Service by the vendor was great and the units run my trains much more smoothly .
 I received the Railpower 1300 on time -LRB- actually 2 days early -RRB- and it works great . This is the 2nd one I purchased and I am very happy with the price , performance and service .
 this is a very functional , reliable power supply that does n't break the bank . Great to find out if Jr. . REALLY likes trains , or will forget them in 2 weeks . Can always upgrade , but feel like this is certainly all we need for now . Accessory -LRB- non variable -RRB- output is nice for switches , etc. .
 This PS is working well so far . The potentiometer seems to a bit better than somer others with this design
 This object is fantastic . Well worth the money . I can hardly wait to get the younger Kirk and Captain Pike .
 Arrived on time . It was still in it 's original box ! I had to have Captain Kirk sitting in his commander 's chair . I have him on a shelf surrounded by his crew members . I guess I 'm a Trekkie too . I would recommend this to all Trekkie fans . I love the price and the fast delivery !!
 If you love Star Trek , this is a must . However , if you love Star Trek , you have to be nit-picky too . Overall , a great representation of our favorite captain in his famous chair . However , the command insignia -LRB- Delta emblem -RRB- is WAY too high up on his shirt . It 's almost touching the collar ! And his eyes do n't have the same detail as the first wave of figures by Art Asylum . But , if you can get past these little details , it 's great ... and still a must-have .
 Quite a bargain -LRB- $ 52 including shipping -RRB- and my 18 month old daughter loves it . She plays and eats snacks at the table . She has n't fallen off the chairs even though they have no back , but she has trouble getting on them by herself . She mostly likes to push the chairs all around the room -LRB- I put felt pads on the bottoms -RRB- . It was also easy to put together . I would recommend this set . Update
 I love this game for kids and adults alike . It 's easy to learn and educational for the kids because it helps reinforce right and left . The game never gets boaring because you continue to have a chance to win up until the end of the game . It 's small and compact , easy to keep in your purse or luggage for a trip . I keep it in my purse so if we 're out with friends we have a fun drinking game . You can also make it more competitive by substituting money for the chips . I bought a bunch to give out for X-mas gifts . I 've already gifted two of them because my friends liked it so much . I will probably end up buying more for future gifts .
 We make a more adult version of this game by having everyone use $ 1 . You can also use other coins instead of chips to make it more competitive . We generally play at the bar with friends and since it 's a very simple game to learn it 's easy to invite others to play .
 We had the whole family -LRB- 6 Couples -RRB- playing at Easter and could n't stop . Three games later we finally had to kick everyone out .
 This is great for a small party , or a quick break in the office . Usually ww play with four quarters and let the winner take the pot . It 's great that one minute you seem to be winning and then suddenly you are out . . oh wait ... you 're back in again.There is no skill involved , and just pure luck of the dice . Everyone I 've introduced this to ended up buying a set for themselves .
 I purchased several of these games as stocking stuffers . Everyone seems to like this simple game . LCR is very easy to learn and can be played by all ages .
 I got this product in super fast time . It 's exactly what I was looking for . Kids of all ages can play and grown-ups love it .
 This is a fantastic , fast and fun game for the entire family . The more that play the more fun it is . We had 15 people play and everyone had fun , even when they were temporarily eliminated !
 I bought this after a friend at work told me about it . Its a great simple game for the entire family - we play with the kids and use candy instead of the chips and the entire family has a great time . It helps to teach the younger kids their right from left . Its one game the entire family can play since it does not require reading which is usually the frustrating part of board games for my youngest neice who is 5 . She loves this game since she feels like she is on a level playing field with her brother and sister . One suggestion if you choose to play with candy instead of the chips - make sure you have extra candy on hand not just for multiple games but it keeps the players from eating the playing pieces !
 We love this game . Old and young can play . Our family added a little twist to it , we use nickels instead of the chips and the winner keeps all the nickels , this makes it fun for the kids and they learn to count the change .
 LOVE THIS GAME !! It is easy to learn , anyone can play and you can use chips , or coins , or dollars or whatever . I 'm going to get a bunch to give out this holiday - everyone who plays it loves it !
 Very Fun Game ! Even my younger grandchildren could play . Spice it up when playing with adults & play for dollars instead of chips !
 What 's to write ? It 's a good simple game to enjoy with family and friends .
 learned of the game from a friend . immediately bought 2 - 1 for myself and 1 for my sister . it 's easy to learn and fun to play for kids and adults . Us adults turned it into a drinking game just for fun .
 This is a fun game . You can play LCR with the chips or for money . We played over the Christmas holiday and we had so much fun . I would recommend LCR to anyone .
 I have played this game with children as young as 8 and adults as old as 58 , all at the same time ! It is an excellent way to get the family together for a good time !!
 I played LCR at a barbeque and everyone had so much fun , so I had to purchase my own . Adults and children can play together . We added in some quarters and played for money which made it a little bit more interesting -LRB- and competitive -RRB- . Would totally recommend this !
 This is a fun game . Everyone is in the game until the end . Not too consuming , so everyone can chat during the game . We do n't use the chips that come with it , though nice to have for kids . We use 1 dollar bills . It just makes things a little funner , especially if there are 10 to 20 people playing ...
 I love LCR . We bust this game out at every single party . We spice it up and do not use the tokens , but three dollar bills instead . You can have an unlimited number of people playing and it is so easy any one can pick it up and play . When the kids play they use quarters and have a great time .
 LCR is a fun game with a big group . 6 or more people can have hours of fun.Fast paced - moves right around the table .
 The game is great and simple -- I have played it for quarters with my red hat group and plan to play it for stickers with my special education children !
 The game does n't have educational value but it is so much fun for all ages
 LCR is a great game , we play with quarters insted of chips the more people the more the pot is . Loads of fun
 It 's paint , and it works ! Good collor comes in a very vell packed box , dose not jam when u press the top .
 It 's paint , and it works ! Good collor comes in a very vell packed box , dose not jam when u press the top .
 First of all , let me say that this is not a `` toy '' as described by Amazon , but an electrical train controller of really high quality . I had first purchased a Bachmann controller , and although it worked well , I really wanted something with more options and that could be used with a wider variety of track more easily -LRB- the Bachmann had a specialized plug that really only lent itself to being used with E-Z track -RRB- . The Tech 4 260 works like a charm . The momentum feature is truly cool - It adds such a sense of realism to be able to watch your train speed up and slow down like a real one would do . The brake , on-off switch , and other features also are fantastic . It connects to your track through the use of two input screws in the back -LRB- you place your connector under the screw and tighten it down , like most electrical items -RRB- . It also has a spot on the back for accessories as well . All in all , worth the purchase .
 I found that the controller was very useful and had the features that I need . It will be a primary control and works very well with other units . Right now I asm working a DC system but ma6y upgrade at some point . The dilas and controls are easy to use and the size is perfect for the space available .
 Well made Bust by Diamond Select Toys . Good deatils and paint . Approximately 5 '' tall . Ca n't go wrong with The HULK . SHOP AROUND FOR A GOOD PRICE !
 I 've been wanting a pink Baby Whiffer for several years . He 's the softest of all my stuffed animals and is also one of my favorite .
 we had to order this puppy because we lost our original baby whiffer . my daughter got this puppy the day she was born -LRB- she is almost 4 now . -RRB- she was heartbroken , so we had to get a new one asap ! the baby whiffer arrived earlier than we expected and was perfect ! he looked so much cleaner than `` original puppy '' . we were extremely pleased with this purchase . i almost cried when `` new puppy '' arrived . the reason i have differentiated between `` original puppy '' and `` new puppy '' is because we found `` original puppy '' about a week later !!!! it all worked out and now my daughter has 2 awesome puppies . thank you so much !
 I was shocked to see how expensive both this puppy and the Ty Tip Top giraffe in Pink were but as I researched , I realized that they are virtually out of stock everywhere . I did find it about 60 % less somewhere else , so do your homework first . Now for why both these are the greatest baby toys we own ; it 's almost as if there is baby-nip inside them . No matter if she is crying or smiling , the second you hand her either one , she immediately rolls on her side and begins to suck her thumb . That 's all it takes . She has a ton of other stuffed animals and toys , but there is something about these two - especially the giraffe . I 'm on here looking to order back ups because I fear the ramifications of being without one . We have already had to perform minor surgery on the neck of the giraffe from usage and my daughter was only about 4 months old then -LRB- she 's 8 months now -RRB- . You can throw them in the washer and the dryer . Instant comfort toy ! You will not be displeased , but look around for best price .
 Purchased additional tracks for G scale Christmas train for under our Christmas Tree . My grand kids love playing with the train and I love playing along with them . In respect to the tracks I had to have two sections replaced . Company was excellent to deal with and prompt shipping . they did n't even want the unuseable tracks . In connect the tracks you had to ensure not to force the connections which can and will result in the metal portion of the track bending . The rail portion of the track is made of plastic and that is/was the main problem . the tracks from the 40 's and 50 's were all made of metal . Nothing replaces quality . However today their is a price to pay for quality . Overall satisfied .
 Was looking for a fox for my granddaughter . It 's was just the right size . Shipped to my home just in time for our visit .
 Looking for a realistic animal made of the same material as Bongo Monkey which has been washed probably in the neighborhood of 50 times and altho he 's not fluffy as he used to be he 's extremely well loved and still holding together well . This was not marked for a one year old but decided to try it anyway . Before it came I was in a store where some Douglas toys were sold and saw a Roxy Foxy . Some of it 's fur was pretty harsh so I knew I diid n't want to give it to the baby . I picked up a small lama and it was great . When Roxy Foxy came it was also very soft so I 'm a little confused why this one was nice but I gave it to a friend for a little older child .
 As other reviews have already stated the coloration of her body differs from that of her nose and tail , besides that she 's wonderful . Her posture makes her very cuddly and the stuffing is very soft . I 'm really glad I ordered Roxy .
 I have this fox plush ; I did n't buy it from Amazon , it was a gift . It 's one of my favorite stuffed animals . I love foxes , and this plush is pretty realistic . It 's floppy enough to hug but firm enough to maintain its shape . I love the fluffy tail , it 's very soft and swishy . The rest of the body is n't as soft as your average plush toy , except for the white belly . Overall I would recommend this plush to anyone who loves foxes !
 `` Roxy '' is so cute ! I just received her today and I am so pleased . She looks just like the picture , except her head faces forward , not to the side . I love the different textures of her fur as well . I would recommend Roxy to anyone who loves foxes or stuffed animals . : -RRB-
 Roxy is slightly different from the picture . Her tail matches the color of the picture but the rest of her body is brown-red . Her belly is extremly soft , but when my nephew sleeps with her he says it itches his nose . But , rather than that , she has decentally strong stiching . I know this because her tag on the back of her leg says , `` For 24 months and up , '' most stuffed animals are 3 years and up.Once I fluffed her up a bit , she was as cute as a button ! She was also very educational . My nephew had never seen what a fox looked like , before now of course . All in all Roxy rules !
 What I found most interesting about this plush is the differences in texture across the body - the orange fur on the body is rougher than the white fur on the belly , and the tail is entirely soft . Aesthetically , the tail does n't match up with the body very well , but it works . A little smaller than I thought it would be . Overall , very cute , very nice .
 My girlfriend loved this very cute plush fox ! It was a nice Christmas present for her ! I was pleased with this purchase and it was delivered on time and with no problems .
 This Stuffed fox is the best thing to snuggle with at night . I love foxes and was given this as a gift . While i was sick a short while ago the hospital lost it ! So i had to buy a new one because it was the perfect size `` huggie '' pillow .
 As an inside joke between myself and another , I am the Fox , and I wanted a plushie just for the fun of it . The little guy is just perfect . It 's not completely floppy , but it 's not too firm either , just a perfect plush .
 I was looking for a end of the year gift for my daughter 's 5th grade teacher . Her name is Ms. Fox , so I thought it would be cute to buy her a stuffed fox and put a Build A Bear teacher outfit on it . I have looked everywhere in the retail stores and none in my area sell this type of animal , so I went on line to purchase it . Roxy the fox was the cutest I saw , so I ordered it , thinking from the dimensions that it would be a perfect size for the Build A Bear outfit as their animals are around the same size 15 '' -17 '' . Roxy is a really cute little fox . However , I was expecting something a little larger . The total length is a little deceiving because it includes the length of the tail . Guess I was just expecting something a little more `` substantial '' . This fox is a lot smaller and thinly stuffed than ones like the Build A Bear.The other reviewer is also correct . The head does not move to the side like it is in the picture . Do n't know how they got that pose for the picture , but that is n't the way Roxy comes . If you are expecting that look , then do n't purchase this item . He basically looks straight ahead.However , it is really cute fox nomatter which way the head faces and I really do like the way it looks . I put the Build A Bear accessories on it -LRB- could n't use the clothes-they were too large -RRB- and it looks absolutely adorable . All in all , this fox is cute if you are looking for a smaller sized stuffed animal .
 In contrast to the other reviewer , since it was n't at all important to me to turn the head of this stuffie , I was really quite pleased with it . It 's one of the better red fox stuffies I 've found so far . Four stars since it 's not absolutely totally realistic , but is a great addition to the plush animal collection on the top of the piano .
 Roxy is a WONDERFUL plush , one of the best I 've ever owned . She 's just about the same size as the Large Yomiko Fox and makes a nice accompaniment if you 're looking for other fox plushes . Roxy has a very soft and floppy body with semi-coarse `` fur '' , with softer black fabric , and the tail fur is very long and thick to make the tail fluffier . True , Roxy 's head is not turned to the size as it looks in the picture , but Roxy otherwise looks the same as the picture . Roxy came quickly and in prime condition - a great buy for fox lovers and plushie lovers !
 I appreciated other reviews that warned that the head faces front , not sideways as the picture indicates , but as this was n't an issue I purchased this item because it actually looks more like a fox than most . This toy appears to be well made , soft , but not too soft , and his tail is a fluffly treat !
 I bought this plush fox for my daughter who just turned a year old . At this age she is fascinated with animals such as our cat and our dog so she naturally took to this toy and now it is one she carries around all the time . When it arrived it was a little bigger than I expected but that was a good thing because she uses this as a pillow during naptime often . Overall I was very happy with the purchase .
 My son loves this toy which he got as a present 4 years ago when he was one . It still looked new until last week , when our new dog chewed its nose off . I 've ordered a replacement and am hoping it comes before he sees what happened to the old one or he will be heart-broken . It is a very cute , high-quality stuffed animal that is not overstuffed so it is squishable . I was surprised how little it cost !
 I purchased this as a gift for a granddaughter who wanted a fox ! The product arrived in a very timely manner , was well packaged and is an adorable plush toy!My granddaughter is utterly thrilled!I definitely will buy from this company again .
 Great toy ! I love snugging with her every night ! A + + Super fast shipping as well , I plan to buy again ^_^
 Exactly as described . Plushie is nice and very soft as well . Everyone I bought these for just loved them all .
 This pool is so well worth it . I wish we would have bought it long before this season . first of all , we started laying the spot out for the pool the night . You have to try to find the most flat spot you have . We took a level out with us and did the best we could . Nothing was absolutely perfect but we found a decent spot . This pool is alot more forgiving than the blowup one like it . My friend bought the blow up and she had to empty water from it multiple times to get it right . It is still about 8 inches deeper on one side but swimmable . The next day we had most of the frame to put together . This step was a bit tedius , but not hard at all . Everything feels very sturdy and fits together nicely . They even provide extra pieces of each small part just in case I guess , but that was nice ! We never had to empty water from our pool . It truly filled very nicely ... however it took like 14 hours to fill completely with our hose ! The pump some complain about on this and other models , but we started it up and we see water movement when it is turned on , so that is a good sign . I have emptied out the skimmer attachment that has picked up grass . This pool is a fantastic size . We have lots of toys and floaties and 3 kids and they have had friends and everyone loves it . We had it filled about 3/4 of a foot away from the top . The solar top I think did help warm up the water and within 2 days , the water was warm and terrific -LRB- although my kids swam the first day water was in it and turned a bit blue ! -RRB- . I would highly recommend this pool . I just wish I would have bought one sooner . I did not realize how truly easy it was to get this up and running . Oh yes , and some complain about their ladders . I think there was a recall on some . Ours seems sturdy and strong .
 The set up was quite easy ; took the 2 of us a couple of hrs . Filling up with water took about 11 hrs . Our pool tilts towards one side where it is also abt 8 '' deeper on one side . The filter works well and is quite powerful . The volleyball and net that come with it have been a hit with the kids . Ladder is a bit shakey but works . The only thing is that we discovered a tiny pinhole halfway up the wall . Of course this was after the pool was filled so although a repair kit came with it , we could n't use it to stop the leak . We covered it up with duct tape which gets wet and does n't quite stop the leak . We 'll just fix it whenever we empty out the water .
 Bought this pool at Target in Spring 2007 . My family has enjoyed this pool for 2 seasons now . The set-up was pretty simple , following the directions . After a month , the pump quit working . We invested in a 1 HP pump and sand filter from our local pool store -LRB- do n't leave it running 24/7 or you 'll be VERY surprised on your next electric bill !!! -RRB- . We were able to add a water fountain on the outflow so that has kept the water cool during the real hot summer days . If you do the upgrade , you MUST upgrade the hoses or you 'll just suck 'em into themselves ! The vacuum works great with the upgrade also . I have never had any leaks , rips , or tears . After 2 seasons here in hot Oklahoma , I have been very surprised that the vinyl has kept up the way it has . Like another reviewer said , buy an expensive higher end cover , solar and one for winter -LRB- $ 90 and up -RRB- . The cover that was included ripped within a month here in the Oklahoma wind . My next purchase will be a better ladder which is about $ 300 . I have not used cheap chlorine products , only products that have been bought at our pool store . More expensive but well worth it ! I have 2 kids , 2 adults that swim all the time and this is plenty big for just us . We are upgrading to a bigger Intex pool next summer but it is not because of this vinyl pool , we just need bigger space for our summer parties ! Also to add , spend the weekend to LEVEL the ground beforehand . We thought we had it level but it was still a few inches off on one side . No big deal but it bugged me .
 Bought this pool last season -LRB- 2007 -RRB- . It was WELL-worth the price . The filter is not as powerful as it should be for a pool this size ; however , with proper maintence , it 's not a problem . I know people who think `` ahh . The water is clear ... no need to run filter or check water '' . That is the BIGGEST mistake . ANY pool requires maintence and this is really not hard . Takes me less than 5 mins to test.When adding chemicals -LRB- chlorine shock , algecide , etc. . . -RRB- it 's once a week/week-n-a - half and takes me all but 10 mins because I do it after pool is done for the day and run filter all night . I check the pool Ph and chlorine daily - purchase the test kit for about $ 15 . Last me all season . I vacuum every 2-3 days , depending on usage . The water may look clean but you 'd be surprised at how much dirt is filtered when vacuuming -LRB- the mesh bag will show you ! -RRB- . Some people are having trouble with green water . If your water is green and cloudy , you have algae present . Use an algaecide . If algecide does n't do the trick , you may need to drain water and thoroughly clean the pool walls and bottom before refilling . Usually algecide works unless the pool has been neglected far too long.If your water is green but clear , you have metals in your water . Use a metal cleaner -LRB- from your pool store -RRB- and it will clear it right up within an hour or two.Level ground is essential . Mine is off about 3 squares but the metal frames will help keep it in check . That 's the huge advantage over the inflatable easy set -LRB- with the blow-up top ring -RRB- , where the slightest lean will eventually create a permanent crease and ruin the pool . The pool itself is a heavy-duty vinyl that , though it 's not totally puncture-proof , it does hold up very well over the inflatable pool where the miniscule pinhole will drain the sucker.Oh , I would highly recommend that you purchase a clear solar cover -LRB- about $ 150 -RRB- from Speciality Pool Products Supply company . Blue or black covers reflect sunlight AWAY from water - friends of mine had this and bought a clear on this season because my pool water was much warmer than theirs . The clear solar cover reflects light into the water but blocks the radiating heat from escaping . EXCELLENT investment .
 We have the 2007 version of this pool . It is light blue on the outside . The pool is great , however , like others , I agree that the pump is too weak . We bought a vacuum head to vacuum the bottom of the pool and it is n't even strong enough to run the vacuum so we will be buying a stronger pump for sure.We did take a lot longer to set it up than most of the reviews here . We did n't want a `` deep end '' so me and my husband spent about 4 days leveling the ground . Then we bought about 20 bags of sand and did the wedge like it recommends and put some on the bottom of the pool as well . The pool is pretty level and may be off about half and inch on one side but if you spend some time you CAN get a level pool and believe me , you will be glad that you did . It is very worth the wait to get it right . I 've seen other who did not do as we did and it makes a huge difference.Also we have built a deck around the pool and gotten a ladder for that . The pool is wonderful . We 've went to a pool supply place and spent about $ 60 on chemicals , not to mention shock but the chemicals will last us about 1 1/2 seasons so it is worth it . Our water is crystal clean in spite of the lousy pump .
 We love this pool . It needs a bigger pump . I spent 100 on chemicals , kept the filter running for 2 weeks 24/7 , and cleaned the filter daily , to try to clear up the cloudy water . Chemical balance was good - the pool store kept checking the levels , I checked them daily - the darn pump just ca n't move that much water . It ca n't move the water from the bottom of the pool . It needs a stronger pump - Intex is really doing themselves an injustice by trying to give consumers a lower price - but then , we have problems with the product.Over all - we do love the pool - I just want perfectly crystal clean water - and that is not going to happen with this pump . I just bought a stronger pump on amazon - tons cheaper then the Intex website !
 This pool was a great buy at Target for $ 500.00 it included all the extras including the cover , volleyball set , filter skimmer , vacuum , and hand held pool skimmer . It took my husband and I about 2 hours to set up , but this is because it was our first time . If we were to set it up again it would probably take 30-45 min . We also had a water truck come and fill the pool half way with water as our hose would have taken a good week to fill . I have had no issues with the pool , the filter works great -LRB- however I change the cartride on a daily basis -RRB- and the pool stays clear . I absolutely think it has been the best $ 500 purchase I have ever made .
 We bought the original airzooka a few years ago and had `` a blast '' with it . I thought this would appeal to the boy in my now-grown sons and I was right . It brings out the kid in anyone . What fun it is to blast someone 's hair straight up ! Especially prissy grandma !
 Silver spray went on nicely - looked good . Grandson was thrilled being able to paint the car cover and customize it . However , the colbalt blue paint did not work as well and messed up his paint job .
 I got this blimp for my 11 year old nephew who has a newly developed love for blimps after seeing one used at a college football game . This blimp is very long -LRB- 3 1/2 feet -RRB- . We bought a few of those helium tanks at Walmart to blow it up . The only problem we have is finding a place big enough to float it around . Joseph loves it ! Best Christmas present ever !
 I would like to thank the seller for the great quality and the fast shipping :-RRB- i really liked your service
 Great addition to our collection . This shipped properly wrapped to avoid damage . Grievous looks fierce and box is impressive . Value is worth it .
 Great figure and great detail . I ca n't find it anywhere in stores.-Looks great as a statue-A little bit expensive but the unleashed figures are by far th best looking Star wars figures made and Grevious is the best of the unleashed
 Purchased this for a friend 's child . It is exactly what I expected and I know the 2 year old horse lover will love it ! Well made and age appropriate .
 My husband and I purchased this crib for the upcoming birth of our first child . It is beautiful and was very easy to put together . 30 minutes tops ! My only complaint is that the paint chips very easily . It chipped on the back portion -LRB- headboard -RRB- when we put the mattress in the crib for the first time . I had a very difficult time finding a phone number for the company to try and locate some touch up paint . -LRB- Too tired to take it apart and ship it back . -RRB- Amazon was gracious enough to send me the phone number but when I called jardine was no help . They just told me to go to a hardware store . I am planning to do that this weekend - but it does worry my that as my son gets older , I am really going to have to watch for paint chipping . Otherwise , we are completely satisifed and appreciate the long-term usage of the crib/bed .
 We bought the entire Madison Collection in white -LRB- crib , changing table combo , and Chifforobe -RRB- . They are well built and look really nice ! No cosmetic issues at all with our set . However , the changing table and chifforobe had a chemical smell to them when we got them home . It was sooo stong that it consumed the entire house . We opened the windows in the nursery , kept the drawers open , and ran our air purifier in the room . Eventually , after about 2 weeks the overwhelming smell resolved . However , the inside of the drawers still smell now after 1month . We had to remove all of the clothes and re-wash them to get rid of the that stong chemical smell that clung to them . The good news is that Babies R Us is re-ordering a new set . They are also going to deliver it and take our current set . Really just an inconvenience . Only other minor issue it that the way the headboard/back of the crib is made , there is nowhere to tie the bumper along the back . Except for the awful smell ... we are very pleased with the looks and quality .
 I love this crib . And my child sleeps in it very well . It 's beautiful and quite sturdy . The only down side I 've seen in 10 months is that the railing is unusually large . I 'm having trouble finding a teething rail that will fit on it . My son has managed to scrape off quite a bit of paint with his little teeth . If someone has found a teething rail that fits this crib , please post where you found it . Thanks !
 I saw negative reviews about this series of Trains but I believe they are unwarranted . All trains of any detail will take a little attention to get set up correctly . They also will not take getting bumped by passersby or small children trying to touch them as they go by and still operate flawlessly . That being said , this car and the train series that it belongs to are relatively easy to setup up and run . The animated parts of this car and others are great . Every child who came to our house during Christmas loved watching the train and looking for all the different figures moving on the cars . They also loved the sounds generated by the train set . I would heartily recommend this product .
 bought this to have a little longer train for the Christmas tree . It is really cool !!!! Highly recommend this product !!
 After seeing this remarkably-modeled beast , I was shocked at the crude-looking , sensationalist competition . True , this one does n't bare nasty fangs -LRB- there are protruding , painted teeth that get the message across -RRB- or wave exaggerated claws
 I ordered for my 4 yr old grandson and the educational value is great ! It looks realistic without being `` scary '' and is high in quality to last a long time even with rough play . My grandson loves to `` Roar , dinosaur '' while playing with it .
 Schleich puts out some high quality toy figures and the allosaurus is a perfect example . Great detail in the casting as well as the paint/coloring . The toy is strong unlike alternates made of PVC . In addition , no perceptible off-gassing vs. comparables that typically need a day or two in the sun and a good washing .
 Toy looks great -LRB- paint and posture is spot on -RRB- . The only problem I had , and this is my fault , is that the size is very small compared to the others in our collection . Check out the sizes before you start buying these when they are on sale . I clicked 3 different ones that were on sale , and I did n't bother to check that they were in the same size category , so this one looks little silly next to the big trex and spinosauraus .
 This is a nice looking dinosaur . My child is enjoying it very much . It is pretty small though . I guess I thought it would be bigger from the picture for some reason . It 's not big like a T Rex , more like a raptor .
 Very happy , do buy this all children will be happy , along with the big children . Its the best Christmas train on the market . Little costly , but save your penney 's for the next year , you will have no regrets . So animated ! Take some time with your loved ones , it 's the best ever .
 I bought 4 cars with the train station seven years ago when we had our first grandson . We have a new grandson and decided to buy 3 more cars . We adore the new cars and our grandson -LRB- aged 13 mos . -RRB- was mesmerized by the whole set . He knocked the trains off the tracks and even walked on them and did absolutely no damage to the cars or tracks . I would recommend buying any and all of the set .
 Works great for the money . I got the unit on sale for under $ 25 so it was well worth it . The Decorative lights that adorn the speaker station which light up randomly in different colors give it some nice flash and pizzaz ! Recharge and listen to your tunes thru the unit 's 30mm full-range drivers ! Also has a convenient 75mm stereo cable for connecting otherdigital audio devices , including MP3 players . They even provide the cable for this ! A real nice buy if you can find one for under $ 25 !!
 Simple to use , my 5 year old can use it . Make sure the bottom of your music stick matches the input of the Jam Stand . It comes with adapters in case it does n't , but that complicates things for the young ones .
 My children both received a Jam Stand several years ago for Christmas . It is a great companion to the Disney Mix Stix . The mix stix rarely leave the Jam Stand as it doubles as a speaker and a charger . Since they are several years old and in almost constant use , we do have some issues with the sound not always working properly but with a little fiddling , it works itself out . Again , because they are older and in used quite a bit , we now have to unplug the Jam Stand in order to turn the music off but that is a minor inconvenience . Considering our Jam Stands are about 3 yrs old and used every single day with these two minor problems that have only devoloped in the past few months , I would say that they hold up extremely well !
 We purchased this to go with our Disney Mix Stick as a gift for our 3 year old . He is very profecient with electronics . The lights are entertaining and the stick is easy to place in the charger/player . It is exactly what I expected . The sound quality is more than fine -LRB- especially for a child -RRB- and we have enjoyed dancing around to his tunes as a family .
 I purchased a Mix Max for myself as a cheaper alternative to an iPod . I thought this would make a good accessory for listening to my Mix Max at work . Wow ! This little thing sounds GREAT ! It does n't take up a whole lot of room on my desk , which is a plus . And the little lights are really cute . The downside to this product is the sub woofer in the back . It 's left very exposed which could be a bad thing around younger users -LRB- not a problem with me , I 'm 30 -RRB- . The sound quality is surprisingly great for such an inexpensive speaker unit . It comes with the AC adapter and the adapter for the Mix Max to `` plug-in '' directly . It charges the Mix Max as you use it , which is a big help for me , since I use this in my truck as well . I do not have a Mix Stick , so I ca n't comment on how this interfaces with that . Overall I would most certainly do it all over again if I had a choice , and I 'm considering giving one of these as a present to my niece .
 My son can charge it and listen to or watch his videos at the same time . Great idea .
 This puzzle was so fun to put together and the result was beautiful ! My daughter loves it ! We glued it together and it 's now hanging on the wall in her room . I would definitely recommend this for other horse lovers !
 great fun and very durable for the grand children 8 and under . The grand children race their shake n go cars down the hall and on a track .
 This birthday cake is just the right size . Can be placed on the floor as well as on the table or desk . It sets up easily . Plug it in the electrical outlet and it is ready in 15-20 seconds . It is 120V so I had to use converter -LRB- I am in Baghdad right now -RRB- to plug it in . Too bad that it can hold its air once blown up . Once it it unplugged it will deflate as fast as it does inflate . But we had a lots of fun with this cake and used it for two birthday parties in our office so far .
 This dollhouse will grow with my daughter -LRB- aged 2 -RRB- - is so well made -LRB- real wood -RRB- and came with all of the furniture . She can also get into the house from different angles and the two parts can either be together or a part . The perfect dollhouse !
 I JUST finished putting this together and after seeing some of the bad reviews , I 'm happy to say I received no warped pieces . That being said , it was a pain in the neck to assemble for me , there were a lot of bad words and a couple blisters involved ... HOWEVER ... looking at it now I am sure it was totally worth the effort . it is solid and sturdy and I know my little girl is going to love it !!
 This is a versatile doll house . Our girls -LRB- 8 and 5 -RRB- enjoy playing with it . Sometimes they each take a section and play separately , other times they play together . I have been told that there are three toy types which will hold kids ' interest through years of play
 My three - year-old daughter received this as a gift for Christmas this year . I placed it on my Amazon wish list -LRB- as well as some other Plan Toys products -RRB- because I was really impressed with the doll house and its features . I love that the house is gender neutral -LRB- not bathed in pink like many doll houses on the market -RRB- . You can rearrange the two houses into different configurations . It 's nice because it allows more more open-ended play and thinking . Plus , if she has to share , the house can be broken into two spaces . I love how the house comes with different pieces of furniture although I wish it also included the doll family and perhaps some small accessories -LRB- like food for the kitchen or common house supplies -RRB- . I ended up buying the family , the nursery/baby set , and the toy set to add some other pieces to the house . The main reason I `` wished '' for this item was that Plan Toys products are built with safety in mind and are free of many of the toxins/chemicals that sometimes appear in children 's toys .
 My daughter and her friends love this dollhouse . It 's absolutely beautiful and the orange matches the colors in our sitting room . I loved it so much that I bought a tiny coffee table with a drawer in it to hold all the dolls -LRB- sold separately -RRB- and furniture . it is played with every single day.Assembly was a pain but I am not very handy and I was tremendously proud of myself when I was done .
 Santa brought this dollhouse for my 3 year old . It is very well made and she loves it ! Everything is very accessible for her . I would recommend not getting the plan toys family that goes with it . The Playmobil people fit perfectly in it ! My daughter has n't played with the plan toys people that came with it , just the few Playmobil people she got . My niece also had this dollhouse and it is very well built and it will last . Worth it all !
 My daughter go this house for her 3rd birthday and she loves it . she loves moving the furniture around and playing with the little modern family that i got seperatly . i recommend this for anyone , the house is beautiful and it was a great buy !
 My daughter -LRB- aged 2 yrs -RRB- just received this dollhouse for Christmas and it was a hit ! We have many Plan Toys sets in our house and this lives up to the others . Made of 100 % wood and good quality . The house actually comes in two sections and can be used to make a large house or separately if 2 people want to play . Love that it can be made into lots of different configurations . Rooms are easy to access and good for my daughter 's little hands . Highly recommended !!
 We bought this doll house for our daughter with the goal of finding one that would be durable to last through a lot of play , represent a somewhat realistic home , and be the kind of home her brother would play with her . We got everything we were looking for and more . It 's a lovely doll house with all of the furniture already supplied . We 've added things over time and the kids really enjoy playing with it . It 's a quality piece that will be around a long time .
 I bought the chalet for my two children , ages 4 -LRB- boy -RRB- and 1 -LRB- girl -RRB- . Both like it in their own way and level . My son enjoys designing new house and layout designs . Since the chalet is not a traditional doll house it works for both boys or girls . The furniture and people are a must , otherwise there is little to design . The furniture minatures are very accurate and of high quality wood . The chalet itself is very durable . The only drawback is that it takes up a lot of space . Not cheap , but a reasonable value .
 We got this for our daughter 's 4th birthday and she loves it ! The house went together easily with only a screwdriver . One of the side panels was warped - probably from sitting in a warehouse somewhere . We called Plan Toys and they sent a new part right away . Luckily we had put it together weeks before her birthday so we could inspect all the pieces . I 'd suggest inspecting this toy -LRB- or any toy made of wood -RRB- as soon as you get it , given the long pieces of wood that are included.The best part - other than the fact that it 's not made of plastic - is how the house is accessible from any side and can be separated into 2 `` houses '' so our son can play with it too . We also bought the playground set and the household items -LRB- dishwasher , vacuum cleaner , etc -RRB- and those things fill it out nicely . A really fine toy , made from sustainable wood and colored by vegetable dyes , and NOT made in China . We 'll be buying more from Plan .
 Our daughter absolutely loves this toy ! We gave it to her in separate parts , hoping she 'd `` get more out of it '' , and it seemed to work.Takes a little time to put together -LRB- an hour -RRB- , and the directions are a little sparse , but if you are n't pressed for time , its actually fun to build .
 We were very pleased with this dollhouse and so were the children . Before it was even finished being constructed they were playing with it .
 My almost 4 year old daughter was really excited by the doll house , and likes playing with it , but was happier with many of her other Christmas gifts that had more lights , noise , etc. .
 The house is even better than in the pictures . It was really easy to put together , but one of the pieces of wood did crack when screwing it to the base - we were using a screw gun so it may be advisable to use a screwdriver . It is wonderful to be able to move the sections of the house around as well as the two staircases . The ability to be able to access each room from nearly all sides of the house is another great feature . My daughter is only two , but she has been able to manipulate people and things around the house with relative ease . Definitely recommend !
 We bought this for our 3-year old daughter several weeks ago and she loves playing with it . The construction and quality is very good , very durable , and not flimsy or plywood . Even my engineer husband was impressed . This will survive many years . After researching several doll houses as others have , I loved this modern design and the fact that it can be changed to so many different plans . As an example of it 's versatility -LRB- and knowing full well this would happen -RRB- , a friend of my daughter came over to play and as they both started to play with the doll house , they fought a little over which rooms their own dolls should go into . So I separated the two halves , created two houses , and voila ! Problem solved . That right there and I was glad I bought it . I have n't seen any other doll house that can do that . She also uses the roof as I slide . Great buy !
 This dollhouse is a worthy investment . It 's spacious , colorfull , devided into two pieces which gives more playing options , it comes with all the basic furniture , and it 's just durable . I really liked it 's modern architecture and equal furniture . My five years old son loves playing with it . Besides of the traditional dollhouse-plays , its shape and partitions are good stimulators of his imagination . So he plays some adventurous themes on the roof of the house .
 My wife purchased the Chalet Dollhouse by Plan Toys for our 28-month old daughter . She just received it this morning -LRB- Christmas morning -RRB- . She received several toys , but this was the one she spent the most time with . Ours came with a basic set of furniture , bathroom and kitchen fixtures . The bed included pillows , side tables and a lamp . The living room had a couch , lamp , tv & stand . The kitchen had a range and a dining table . The bathroom had a toilet , tub & sink/mirror combo . It would have been nice if they had included some people -LRB- mother , father , kids , dog , etc. -RRB- . Our daughter immediately grabbed other characters from other toy sets to use.The assembly instructions include only images of the dollhouse . The only writing is `` long screw '' or `` short screw '' and `` ring '' -LRB- for some rubber washers . The dollhouse is actually two separate structures . The first structure is on two levels , the other is on three . There are approximately 6 diagrams for the first structure and approximately 8 for the other . Each diagram is shown from the same angle . It was challenging to try and figure out where walls and vertical supports were supposed to go when they were not clearly shown in the diagrams . It took me about 45 minutes to put everything together . Stare at the diagram closely and match up the parts . One reason is there are six grey dowels that act as floor-ceiling supports . Each is slightly different and they ca n't be interchanged -LRB- one has a slot in the side for accepting a half-wall , one is drilled out to accept a dowel on one end , etc. -RRB- . Look ahead at other diagrams to see if one piece matches another assembly location before you screw it together.In total , there are about 12 long screws -LRB- about 1 '' in length -RRB- , 8 shorter screws -LRB- about 3/4 '' in length -RRB- , about 20 rubber washers and two wooden dowels . They also incorporate slots where the floor joins the walls . I liked this feature because it cut down on the number of screws needed.A hint is to only tighten the screws about halfway during each diagram . Once you have put on the last screw in a diagram , then go back and tighten everything before going on to the next diagram . On the 3-story structure , there are some windows and walls that fit into slots before tightening up the screws . You may have to pick up the dollhouse to see that everything is nested in the slots before tightening everything up.All in all , I 'm happy with the purchase , but I would n't have said the same thing during the 45 minutes I was cursing it .
 Plan Toys Chalet Dollhouse With FurnitureVery well made with Natural Dies and -LRB- Non-Toxic -RRB- finishes . After researching dollhouses I was surprized at how many had warnings about Toxic paints & varnishes !! This house is more open than the traditional houses making it easier to play with . Very sturdy , easy to assemble . It can be easily arranged in several different ways making it `` several houses '' in one . Great Deal - considering it comes with all the furniture which is equally well made . There are all kinds of cute accessories available also . I would absolutely recommend this product .
 I 've had a `` crush '' on this dollhouse ever since I discovered it in a catalog years ago , but kept putting off the investment until we were settled in our house for awhile . Now that I have three girls , age 6 , 4 and 1 , I figured it would make a great family Christmas present and I was right . My husband and I assembled it Christmas Eve - it took us an hour working together , not too bad , and my favorite part was setting up all the furniture - the sets are great and colorful , and I love the included diagram of all the various arrangements - never the same dollhouse twice!We also have , or got , thePlan Toy Doll House Nursery , PlanToys Neo Home Office Dollhouse Furniture , andPlan Toy Doll House Accessories for Kitchen with Tablewaresets as well as thePlan Toy Modern Doll Family # 7142andPlan Toy Doll House Asian FamilyandPlan Toys Dollhouse Series Grandfather DollandPlan Toys Dollhouse Series Grandmother . They are all great . We got a medium-sized Sterilite bin at Target to keep all the pieces in , when not in use.We had another dollhouse before this one , and what my daughters have really loved about this one above the other is the openness so they can reach in all the rooms and move the dolls and furniture around more easily , and from different angles so they do n't crowd each other out trying to always reach in on the same side . Plus it 's more light so none of the rooms are dark!We also got a Wii for Christmas , so I was afraid the dollhouse might get trumped , but I 've been pleasantly surprised that the dollhouse has gotten more play time than the Wii , and that all three girls play with it together . They truly love it , especially the small details like the pillows and lamps . I love the modern look , bright colors and solid wood construction.One thing , the top step of a staircase broke off when they were playing ; I did n't see what happened so I do n't know how rough they were , but it was very easily glued back on with craft glue . No big deal.We bought it for about $ 180 which I think is an amazing deal for such a beautiful dollhouse AND furniture , plus I think of all the use it will get with three girls in the family . I see today it is down even more -LRB- of course , after Christmas -RRB- , to $ 160 , so obviously the price does fluctuate . But even Amazon 's highest is lower than other retailers . Thanks , Amazon , and Plan Toys , for such an amazing product !
 Wonderful product . I was impressed with the quality of the materials , the design , and the ease of assembly . It took me just over an hour to unpack and assemble the chalet . The furniture arrives in tact . As another reviewer mentions , you should not use an electric screwdriver for this job . An old fashioned phillips head screwdriver -LRB- medium-small -RRB- will do the trick , with no risk of over tightening by accident . The photo is a bit misleading , in that the chalet roof and some trim is orange -LRB- not quite `` Vol '' orange but close -RRB- and not yellow . The furniture is really cool , with styling that betrays the product 's European roots . Given the quality of the house and furniture , I expect that my grandchildren might be playing with them in thirty years . This was our first Plan Toys product . Very happy .
 My wife and I had previously ordered a very similar Hape dolls house . Both times we returned it to Amazon as it could not be assembled because it was poorly manufactured.The Plan Toy Dolls House is a different and much happier story . Beautifully packaged , solid , robust , and well manufactured it assembled first time . It is all about quality . I am afraid Hape lacked it and Plan Toys seem to have it.I only wish real houses were this well made .
 We just put this dollhouse together . Took about an hour , not horrible . Just wanted to let those who are needing true measurements know the 24 `` L measurement is more like 26 `` L -LRB- The two houses sitting side by side -RRB- I do n't know where they get the measurements they have . I 'm annoyed because I bought a 25 '' table based on the largest base measurement , figuring they would give the measurement of the houses sitting together . The measurements do n't make sense in any configuration and are not the measurements for either of the houses alone . Wish I would have know all of this before purchasing a table for it to sit on .
 My 3 years old son like this doll house . It has good quality , and is colorful and playful . Nice doll house for boys .
 Plan Toy Chalet Doll House with FurnitureI am so glad we got this for our daughter 's third birthday - it 's going to be years and years ' worth of play and learning for her . It 's amazing and there are so many little furniture sets and add-ons that the possibilities are endless . She already loves setting up her house and moving things around.We were able to construct it fairly easily -LRB- and I 'm rather challenged when it comes to that -RRB- . The instructions could have been a * little * clearer and the screws could have been a * little * easier to thread , but it is a very solid , well made and well planned design.Seriously worth it !
 The Plan Toys Chalet Doll House has been great with the exception of an issue with the 2nd floor of the main section . It came to us warped making the door between floor 1 and 2 very tight , and the door between floor 2 and 3 fall over . However , I called Plan Toys and they immediately sent a new 2nd floor piece to me , and now it is fine . Overall , it was simple to put together , although I would like written instruction to go along with the pictures . The pictures were very clear , I just do a bit better with words . Overall , I would recommend this dollhouse . My 3 year old is loving it !
 My 2 year old daughter absolutely loves this doll house . It was the perfect gift to have under the Christmas tree this year . It 's very durable and not too difficult to assemble . I 'll be a loyal Plan Toys customer for many years to come .
 I bought this for my granddaughter , at the suggestion of my daughter ; we all love it . It 's very well made , easy to put together and the furniture could not be nicer . I 've recommended to many , already .
 My daughter loves it . She continues to play with on a daily basis . The shipping updates given were prompt and other than the instructions to put it together being a little vague , I ca n't say anything bad . Thanks .
 We purchased this for our 3 year old GrandDaughter -LRB- what a doll -RRB- . She loves it ! Unlike most doll houses , it actually has stairs for the little people to get to the second floor . I know , I know , its only a doll house , but why do you think the makers of this doll house made the stairs ? So the little girl can walk her little people up to the second floor . That 's why . Very well constructed . Very well thought out .
 One happy girl received her first doll house ! We resisted grandparent offers to buy a doll house - to avoid the tendency toward plastic and Barbie ... and made the plunge after the holidays . No overdone antebellum erzatz but instead a clean modern design , all for a reasonable price . The results are spectacular -LRB- I want to play with the house too ! -RRB- . The `` green '' design - and positive impact on the artisans in Thailand - is a nice bonus .
 If I had it to do over , I might splurge for the `` Terrace '' model , BUT this dollhouse is well-constructed and a good value since it comes with furniture . Our only complaint is that the upper rooms with the slanted ceilings do n't really have much room for maneuvering dolls and furniture . Easy to assemble .
 This dollhouse has SO much potential . But . . my 3 year old just got this for Christmas , and the base is badly warped . No way am I spending 2-3 hours assembling this thing for the dollhouse to wobble back and forth every time we play with it . We are both very disappointed , obviously . I 'm going to contact Amazon in the morning , but I 'm hesitant to even re order the same dollhouse.And yes , I read all of the reviews before we ordered it , and saw the reviews from 2009 about warped wood pieces ... but all of the more recent reviews were good and I thought Plan Toys had worked the problem out . NOPE ! So annoyed.PLEASE READ BELOW FOR UPDATEi decided to re order this product wishing on a star that i would get one of the dollhouses that DID N'T have warped wood pieces ... . and thank the lords . . i received a perfect dollhouse on the second run . so i changed my review from 1 star to 5 . . because it 's a very cool big awesome fancy dollhouse that my 3 year old LOVES and looks like it withhold years of playing . just beware , this is a very large dollhouse and will likely require its own table so the kids can play with it efficiently
 I purchased this item as a Christmas gift for my 2 1/2 year old little girl . Took my husband about an hour to put together but it was well worth the time and effort ! She absolutely LOVES the doll house . We also purchased the family and the pets made by this company . We have spent hours playing house with her family . The only negative was she said , `` Oh nooooo , where 's da r ` mote ? '' We all know the flat screen tv wo n't work without the remote ! I would highly recommend this item . I believe it will provide us play for years and will be a great hand-me-down item !
 It took me an hour and fifteen minutes to put this dollhouse together . I 'm happy with the result.Assembly was not bad . The instructions are fairly clear . The pieces themselves are not labeled , so it is pretty pointless that they are labeled in the instructions . Many pieces look the same so you must pay careful attention . The small grey pillars all look the same , but they have different types of holes in the ends depending on whether they require a screw or a dowel . Do n't lose any screws , rings , or dowels because they only provide you with the exact number needed.Things I wish I had know before attempting assembly : The top of the roof has indentations for the screw heads . For the floor of the house , stick the long screws through the holes first and put the rings on - they are rubbery and will hold the screws in place - before putting the pieces on top . And of course , pay attention to the types of holes on the ends of the grey pillars.I will update my review with information about durability when the dollhouse has been in use for a while . I do think my kids will love it and all the furniture I purchased for it .
 I bought this doll house for my 3 and 5 year old for x-mas . They really like it and so do I !! -LRB- what I would n't have given for a doll house like this when I was a kid ! -RRB- What is really great is that both girls can play together without fighting over the house . Most of the time , they split the house into two so each has their own . We purchased the plan dolls that go with the house - my girls did not like them very much . My mom brought them over some old polly pockets and they use them instead . I 'm not sure why the other reviewer had issues with furniture falling apart - we have not had anything break . In fact everything still looks brand new !
 Both my daughter and my son love this dollhouse ! It is not a girly house nor is it boyish , but something both genders can enjoy ! Getting the house and all of that furniture in one deal was really amazing , too!I love the fact that it is actually 2 houses in one but my favorite thing about the house is the steps ! My daughter loves walking her dolls up and down them . I wish I could buy more stairs seperately .
 My parents got this for my daughter 's 2nd birthday & she has played with it frequently ever since . It is nice that most of the furniture is not definitively one thing or another because she can use her imagination to create the scenario she wants . Objects are constantly moving from one room to another since there is no definition of what is the kitchen/bathroom/bedroom . And she loves the movable staircases ! Plus my 3 yr old nephew enjoyed it very much when he visited , so it seems to be quite gender-neutral .
 This is a great gift item . Easy to assemble and sturdy . Having shopped around a lot this is also a very good price relative to the other toy chests out there .
 Fit perfect in my yankee themed nursery , VERY good quality . Built like its going to last for many years . Worth the money in my opinon ...
 very quick ship , excellent communication , product is BETTER than I expected , nice storage size , quality materials , safety lid closure , just a `` HOMERUN '' quality experience overall-no negatives
 I bought this for my grandson who lives in San Francisco , they had to put it together , took a few tools , which they had on hand . It is sturdy and very nice looking . I would recommend this product . Good value and a good deal .
 This toy chest is beyond amazing . I purchased for a friend who was having a baby boy and whose room was to be done in Red Sox theme . I couldnt believe the quality of this item . My husband put it together and was quite impressed . When we have kids this will definately be an item of choice !!!
 This toy chest is really very cute , and solid . I paid a great price for it during the Xmas holiday , and if it is now $ 100.00 , I 'm not sure I would of paid that much for it , but it was certainly worth the price I paid . The colors are bright.The top does stay up when lifted . -LRB- safety -RRB- , and it really goes nicely in a sports bedroom decor . Amazon verified purchase
 My mom bought it for them and they loved it . Its really a great gift
 Got this for our 15 month old son . He loved it the day we got it ! He loves helping clean up . The lid stays up so that makes it easy for him to help . It 's very sturdy and beautiful ! Definitely recommend this !!
 I am so excited about this toy chest . We are expecting our first grandson and we are doing his room in Detroit Tiger Stuff . I have been having a ball ordering from Amazon . The prices are great . I have ordered the rocking chair , the stool , the lamp , and many smaller items . Thank you Amazon Deb Sylvester
 I bought this toy chest for my baby 's nursery . The quality of the materials is very good . However , I did have an issue with a defective piece . I contacted Guidecraft -LRB- the manufacturer -RRB- directly . Without any questions , I was sent a replacement piece within one week of calling . The assembly was not terribly difficult . But there are only picture directions , so it took some studying to assemble . Overall , I am happy with my purchase - a nice gift any young Yankee fan .
 I purchased this toy chest for my grandson . It arrived quickly and all parts were in the box . The instructions were easy to follow as all wood parts were marked and the hardware was shown accurately on the instuctions . The lid has the safety latches so it wo n't fall on his little fingers . Overall , I am very happy with this item . It seems very durable and is colorful . I had also bought him the matching coat rack and was very happy with that . I only rated it a 2 star in educational because it is n't really an educational toy . He can learn to put away toys but that is about it .
 The Guidecraft Red Sox toy chest is a great addition to a Red Sox themed baby room . It is a solid , well crafted piece of furniture that weighs nearly 50 pounds when fully assembled . The assembly instructions -LRB- no text - just 4 labeled pictures -RRB- are mediocre at best , not unlike many products whose instructions are designed overseas . One full set of screws -LRB- labeled as part `` M '' in the instructions -RRB- were completely missing but inexpensively purchased at any hardware store . All pieces are painted with a high gloss enamel acrylic and look very professional , though I 'm sure that this is a typical assembly-line product . I shopped around and found Amazon 's price -LRB- with free shipping -RRB- to be the least expensive anywhere on the web and dramatically less expensive than the 3 nearby retails stores . A similar , but much less durable Guidecraft product , is available at Baby 's R Us ; that product is incredibly flimsy , so make sure you buy this one and not the cheaper product -LRB- I wonder why Guidecraft even makes the cheaper version - it 's terrible -RRB- . The Red Sox have n't lost a single game since the day this product arrived by FedEx ... and the Yankees have n't WON a game since that day so , for you Red Sox fans , this is apparently a GREAT way to subliminally support the Sox !
 This is perfect for my two boys ' room . It is the perfect size and easy for them to open and close . The colors are great , too . And my husband 's favorite team is the Red Sox .
 Great looking toy chest at a great price point . Love the feature with 3 picture inserts . No problems with the toy chest , assembly was n't difficult although instructions could be more detailed and delivery was good . Minor detail with logo and monogram , which is why I did n't give it 5 stars . My son loves his toy chest , so that 's what matters most .
 Purchased this after careful consideration , , , , the Boston Red Sox unit had been completly sold out ! such a shame !! At least the alternative was not a Yankees Unit ... My New York grand son -LRB- BORN IN BOSTON ! -RRB- and his mother really appriciate it ! Go Sox !
 We bought these for my son well before his first birthday . He is now 18 months and still loves to play with them . They are also very durable and still in great shape . We take them with us where ever we go . . Even to church . . he will quietly drive them on the bench . They are perfect for his little hands . Tonka definately had a great idea going when they created these cute cars .
 Recieved Playskool Beach Fleet for my grandson and he loves them . They are the right size for him to grasp and drive over his make believe beaches .
 My two-year-old grandson is fascinated by anything with wheels and these cars are just the right size for his little hands ... Such imaginative details on them too . Highly recommended for the little ones - in fact , he took them to bed with him .
 I thought that these little cars would be larger . They are about the size/width of a Matchbox car and about three times the height . My little 18 month old likes pushing them around .
 My son 's grammy bought these for him when he was about 7 months old . He already had other cars that he played with , but took to these quickly . They fit great in his little hands . He plays with them almost everyday . -LRB- *
 First , Tamiya makes good paint , whether it 's spray paint or bottled , acrylic or enamel or lacquer or what have you . I 've used several of the company 's products and have not been disappointed.This polycarbonate `` Smoke '' paint is intended to be used on clear model car bodies , apparently -- and you paint from the inside ? Do n't ask me ; I do n't build model cars . But ship and aircraft modelers have found many uses for the `` Smoke '' paint , including , apparently , simulating oil discharges.As for me , I bought it to use as an overcoat for a big project I 'm working on
 I bought this product to paint my car badges . It covers and adheres to the plastic of the badge very well - no adhesion promoter necessary to risk changing the color . It leaves a slight metallic look to it as well which is nice . Note that one coat looks like there is almost no color but each additional coat is exponentially darker . Great product that works well - a little disappointed that its such a small can but just do n't make mistakes I guess . The seller also shipped quickly and sent the correct product so no complaints there . Will be buying again when I go to paint the grill .
 The only thing missing is the lock to keep it closed . Other then that it 's a good set for a small game .
 Overall it is good according to the price . if the box could be locked it would be better
 My 5 year old son LOVED this project , it was fun for him to open the package , learn , and experiment himself
 I , being the dad of practical gifts , did not think it would go over as well as it did , however , it has ended up being completely awesome . My wife is a science teacher and so the kids are naturally interested in science as well , but they ended up loving the volcano by painting it and then getting the explosions and so forth with lava . They love it and ask to do it often .
 I bought this for my boyfriend 's son for his 7th birthday . I asked him what he wanted , and he said he wanted to `` do science ! '' This kit has so many activities for him to do . We 've actually only done one of them with him ... where he can make crystals using the various powders and things in the kit . He said he wanted to make `` diamonds . '' It was cute . I doubt the gems we made could be sold for much , but he enjoyed it , and so did his 5-year-old sister . We tried to incorporate the science aspects of it by reviewing the questions and answers in the kit . The kids were n't so interested in that ... they just wanted to see stuff change color and form in to the `` diamonds . '' That 's ok though , they were entertained . I 'll try to update this review in the event that we do more `` experiments . ''
 I knew I had to have this crib the moment I saw it . The cherry finish is absolutely beautiful . We also bought the matching changing table and glider and ottoman . Some of my friends were worried that the cherry was too dark for a baby 's room , but I was able to lighten the room by pairing the furniture with sage and white bedding . I am very happy that our daughter will be able to use this beautiful piece for many years to come . We will certainly get our money 's worth.The major drawback to many of these new convertible cribs is that nobody makes mobiles that will attach to them.The shape of the headboard does make it a little harder to tie the bumper ties , but it can be done . It would take little effort to attach longer ties to your bumper if you are really having a hard time.I know a couple reviewers have stated that their child 's arms or legs have become stuck between the slats in the bed . To that I will say that the crib meets all the necessary safety requirements . I measured the distance between the slats myself when I first put the bedding on , and the space measures to the maximum allowed distance . Having said that , common sense would tell you that small arms and legs could still fit through the spaces . THAT 'S WHAT BUMPERS ARE FOR ! Anyone who would place a child in such a crib without bumpers is not exercising common sense . And if your child got stuck once and you did n't immediately buy a bumper , that is negligent . Do n't blame the furniture.I highly recommend this crib to anyone that wants to add some elegance and class to the nursery and have a piece of furniture that will not become outdated as their child grows .
 This is a beautiful crib . I 've been using it for almost a year now with my daughter , and I 'd have to say that I 'm glad I did n't pay attention to the early reviews . The crib was easy to assemble - in fact its easy to adjust too . I just lowered the mattress the other month as my daughter became much more mobile . As for the bumper issues some have had , you wo n't have any issues at all with some of Wendy Bellissimo 's nursery collections . Since all her bumpers are plush , with just a little support they can stand up on their own ; I just tied the ties I was n't using tightly behind the bumper along the back so that there would n't be a strangulation hazzard , tied the bumper to either end , and I have n't had any issues at all .
 I received the Madison Crib rather quickly and absolutly love it . My husband was able to put it together with no problems . Reading the other reviews truely helped me in making my decision to purchase the piece , understanding that the front does not move up and down and the fact that I will need to be creative in attaching the bumper . In spite of these challanges I believe that it will be a wonderful piece that my new little one will enjoy for years .
 We love the look of the crib and , for the most part , it was simple to put together . The accessory factor is an issue as others have mentioned ; no crib rail protector fits , mobiles , bumpers etc.We use the Fisher-Price Flutterbye Dreams Lullabye Birdies Soother instead of a mobile and my daughter loves it . She can turn it on and off herself and it shines a scene onto the ceiling that she loves to watch . This fits fine on the crib.We ultimately had to take the bumper off , but probably could have used velcro if we wanted to risk ruining the headboard . I was pretty bummed since we spent too much on a pottery barn kids bedding set that is now incomplete.My biggest frustration is that we can not use a crib tent . It seems that tots in mind are the only ones who make them and they require the crib to be slatted all the way around . I wish someone could come up with one for this style of crib so that our cats did n't have to be locked out of the nursery all day .
 This is the most beautiful crib that I saw while on the nusery furniture hunt . I looked at a lot of furniture sets and this one is the most attractive and sturdy of them all . It dose n't shake like other cribs when pushed on . I only gave it four stars because it is difficult to attach the bumpers , but it can be done . The wood does seem pretty soft and all the teething gaurds do n't seem to fit . I 've also had trouble finding the conversion kit . All in all the crib is beautiful and sturdy , worth the money in my opinion
 This crib is stunning and well made . I have had it for a year but my baby has only slept in it for about 2 months now . I read another review saying her daughters legs got caught ... um are you using a bumper ????? . Anyway it is a great crib and I think that it will last until my baby goes to college . I also got the matching changing table which is also well made !
 I moved from Washington state to Texas using a moving company for the first time . When they wrapped my daughters crib up , they taped the hardware to the outside of the blanket . We did not know this and when they unpacked my things in Texas they threw the blankets back in the truck . I was left with no hardware to put the crib together . I contacted the manufacturer and without any hesitation they happily replaced it at no charge .
 The original packaging had an extra piece -LRB- a solid rail -RRB- and some extra bolts along with the instructions . I was lucky enough to hang on to all of it -LRB- including the instructions -RRB- even through a move . 4 bolts come off to remove the front and the extra piece goes on with 4 bolts . Depending on your mattress thickness , the rail does not come up very high . Mine only comes up about an inch above the mattress . My daughter has not had any problems with falling out . I am looking into converting it into the double bed now . I was told when I bought the crib that I would have to buy the frame seperately so I am about to call Babies ` r ` us to try and do that .
 This crib is absolutely gorgeous , and it was very easy to assemble . My husband did it in about 45 minutes . I had read previous reviews about the bumper issues and the mobile . We were able to attach our mobile , although if it got bumped into , it might come loose . I 'm not worried about this , since by the time the baby is old enough to reach the mobile , it will be taken off the crib -LRB- strangulation hazard -RRB- . We were able to get the bumper on the back of the crib , although it is not secured as tightly as the other bumpers . Again , we will either remove it or come up with something creative . We 've not yet had a chance to use it , since baby has not arrived , but at this point , I do n't see any reason why it would n't meet our expectations . As far as the previous reviewer with the child getting stuck in the rails , perhaps bumper pads could prevent this , though it is unlikely . My brother did the same thing when he was younger . I think it just depends on the child . I do n't think it has anything to do with the crib .
 I bought this crib because it was the only one that would not look like a crib when I use it as a headboard ... There are problems with it like the bumper will not tie . I cut off the strings and used Velcro on the back of the bumper and the headboard part of the crib to make it stick ... I put the mobile on with no problem ... The mobile is supposed to be latched over crib , but this crib 's edges are all curved . So I just attached it through the slats in the crib and cut off the little latchy-lip-thing so that the mobile is flush against the rails ... this was no problem . . I just did it ... The wood seems soft so I plan on getting a plastic cover just for the headboard part if the kiddo get big enough to do some teething damage ... I do n't want to reuse the front of the crib for the full size bed , it looks like the front of a crib . . that 's generally the part the kiddos chew on . i can see it getting pretty dinged up . . The instructions say to keep the little Alan wrench and tighten up all the screws often ... that may keep it from splitting like someone else said ... ? Otherwise this is a pretty crib and I really like it . My home lighting and natural light from the window in the baby 's room make the cherry wood look amazing . The room is pretty small -LRB- 10 ' x 11 ' -RRB- and I have a the crib , a cherry wood changing table and a chest of drawers that is crackle-painted pink ... If there was more cherry wood in the room it would look too much I think that the balance in there is pretty good right now , so you may not all the super expensive matching furniture , the crib is huge and very powerful in the room .
 My husband and I registered for this crib last year . We loved it in the beginning ... we were creative with the solid back and put the bumper on the sides and front , and slid it BEHIND the crib in the back and attached it . Looked funny , but worked ok . We 're both tall so the fact that the front did n't drop down was ok with us . But the big issue now is the teeth marks on the front railing . No crib guards will fit this crib . However I just called the manufacturer -LRB- got # from BRU -RRB- and they are sending me touch up paint for free ! Hopefully , it will blend well and still look new !
 I love this crib , we bought the white one for our little girl . The sleigh features on the side and the graceful lines of the headboard are beautiful and give it an elegant look . I do acknowledge that the crib bumper does not quite fit beacuse of the solid headboard and that the the mobile took some ` engineering ' to attach but the beauty of the crib supercedes this . And true too , my husband and I did not note this in the store before we bought it so buyer beware ! Now that our daughter is approching her 2nd birthday and is tall for her age , quite agile in climbing and moves around a LOT in her sleep we want to convert it to the toddler bed but do n't know how ! I searched the Internet for the maufacturer Jardine Enterprises , but ca n't find them , all I found were other customers asking the same question - how do you convert the crib to the toddler bed ? If anyone knows please share .
 We bought this crib in the natural color . We have one at my home and one at my daughter 's fathers home . It is very easy to put together . We had it together in 45 minutes . It is beautiful and we love the fact it will last a lifetime ! The lovely sleigh design adds elegance to a our little girl 's room!We do n't have an issue with the bumper pads because according to the SIDS Institute bumper pads are big no-no 's in a babies crib . I really do n't understand why companies even make them anymore . We have never used them and have never had any problems not using them . As far as a mobile , we have just attached it to the ceiling with no problems.I am 5 ' 2 '' and the matteress is now in its lowest position and I have no problems with laying her down asleep . We like the fact that the side does n't drop as it makes the bed very sturdy . We originally had one that did and it woobled all the time . Especially as she became more active and bigger.I think if you research the product , look at the pictures and see it assembled in the store you should know exactly what you are getting - a beautiful piece of furniture to last your little one a lifetime ! You should also be aware of the problems that may occur if you think you have to have bumper pads and a mobile attached to it .
 We looked at a lot of cribs at furniture stores , baby stores , and a Baby Tenda seminar . We ended up with the Madison because of it 's 3 -LRB- 4 ? -RRB- in 1 feature to convert and it was reasonable price . We picked it up from the local Babies R Us store and were quite pleased . It was packaged very well and we had no damage whatsoever . My wife is quite picky about these things so believe me when I say `` none whatsoever '' . There were just a handful of bolts that needed to go together using the provided hex key wrench . It took me probably 15 minutes to unpack from all of the foam and cardboard and about 30 minutes to put it together . Everything was of high quality wood construction and all of the pieces fit together very well . I was prepared for a nightmare assembly task after reading about lots of other cribs , but this was a breeze . I even had to put it together in the bedroom which was quite cramped and lacking in work space . The finish on it is nice , and I have high confidence that this thing will actually stick around and last to live up to 2 or 3 of it 's other uses beyond life as a crib . Very impressed .
 My husband and I picked out this crib because of its beautiful design and the fact that it will turn into a toddler bed and later a full sized bed . I liked the solid back design in the store but did not think about the fact that a bumper would be hard to attach because of that . Also the end posts on the crib are so thick that the bumpers are even more difficult to tie on . Our crib also has a few problems with the finish but thankfully they are in spots that can not be seen easily . But , all in all , I think this is a sturdy , beautiful crib that we are very glad that we bought .
 The crib arrived pretty quickly and in excellent shape . I was afraid of the possible chips , cracks and other damage that might occur after reading some of the more critical reviews but we thought we 'd take the chance since it was such a beautiful and sturdy crib . My husband and I first saw the crib on the net and then saw it in person at a Babies R Us - as soon as we saw it we knew this was the crib and changing table that we had to have . It was easy to put together and arrived in perfect condition . Baby is on his/her way , so we ca n't tell you about the durability of the crib but we plan on putting at least 3 or 4 of our little ones in this crib over the next several years .
 This crib is absolutely beautiful ! I put it together in less than 30 minutes -LRB- and it was so easy I had it together before my husband could even come upstairs to help -RRB- . It is very sturdy and the finish is LOVELY ! I would highly suggest this product and any other by this manufacturer !
 i Read some of the reviews but not all . I 've had this crib for about a year and a half , my daughter is now 2 . now reagrdless of all the negative comments I still believe this is a great crib ! yes it hard to attach things to but u have to be creative , i really didnt have too much of a problem witht he mobile i tightend it enough to where it would not move and what i did with the bumper was weave it through the bars and leave the back part `` the headboard '' exposed , i liked weaving it thru because it would eliminate my daughter getting her leg stuck in betweem the slats . YES ! i said it her leg got stuck , on numerous occasions but so did my other two kids in completely differetn cribs ! I am 4 ' 8 and yes it was difficult to get the child in out but then again im so short i had that problem with other cribs too , and the fact the it doesnt DROP down on the side is one of the biggest reasons i have this crib , I cant count the times kids , my other 2 and little sister included have leaned on the bar and it has come down flipping them right out of the drop down crib on the floor . I have yet to convert it to the daybed and im waiting until i move to make that change so I 'll cross that bridge when I get there . I mean all in all i really love the crib ! In my opinion i find it to be very safe and VERY sturdy and come on lets be honest its also beautiful ! hope this helps : - -RRB-
 I purchased this crib in the Natural finish from Babies ' R Us just before my daughter was born in 2009 . We 've now gone through the entire life cycle of the crib
 We bought this crib back in 2004 for our son . We have had to move many ... many times and this crib is the most solid and reliable piece of furniture that we have bought . Our son is now 7 years old and we are expecting a little girl in about 4 weeks . We will use this crib for her as well . We wanted to save the crib for the next child after our first so we wrapped it up and stored it in the garage after he turned about 3 . Now it is her turn and can not wait to put it together !!! It is very easy to put together . We keep the bolts and instructions taped on the underside of the box springs . As far as the mobile complaints , we never used one , but the comment about hanging it from the ceiling would be perfect ! Yes our son did like to bite on the side rail , but really as long as you keep an eye on your kid and show him not to do that , no big deal . There are a couple of scratches from him doing that at first , but really ... its a crib !! If it bothers you , sand it down and poly it !! As far as the height thing , I totally agree that you need to look at the crib in store and try it out to see if it will be what you can handle . We are 5 '10 so there is no problems there . We love our purchase and it will serve our yet many kids to come !
 I bought this crib six years ago . I have used it as a crib and day bed for two boys . It has held up amazing !! I have screwed the front on and off several times . The finish is still beautiful . I purposely bought this crib with the sides not coming down due to safety concerns . Numerous cribs were recalled shortly after my first son was born due to sliding crib sides causing infant harm/death !! It was the best decision I made to purchase this crib ! I love it !!
 I love this crib and even with my toddler son in his bed jumping stage , this thing is holding up great . Some people complain about there being no real toddler safety bar . Just put some pillows on the floor next to the bed and they will learn pretty quickly where the edge is without hurting him/herself . I am having a hard time finding the rails to make it a full bed but saw how on this review site . Call a Babies R Us Store and ask for them . They can order them for ya . Overall , I love this crib . you have to jerry-rig a few things toy/mobile-wise but I have done it . Also , I do n't know about these people who have their kids getting legs stuck ... hard to do with the regulations being the same on these cribs as others ... if they get their legs in these , they will in any crib . Do n't blame the company. , it 's the reg that should be changed . Okay ... I am done . This crib is awesome !!!
 Disclaimer first
 I have this crib in Natural ... it 's a beautiful piece , it 's sturdy , very functional but there are a few downfalls as with everything.SHORT WOMEN
 I am really having a hard time with reading in reviews over and over again that people did n't notice that :1 . the headboard has no slats2 . the rails are very thick3 . the front rail does not lowerHello people ... we are talking about purchasing a crib here not a handbag or a pair of shoes ! How can you in good conscience purchase something as essential to a baby 's well being as a crib and NOT know everything there is to know about it ???? It seems like there are a lot of people out there far more concerned with aesthetics than with safety and function first ! How could someone purchase a crib for their child and not have looked at it beyond `` Oh that one is pretty , I think I 'll take it '' ??? It also is not a playpen or a babysitter so if the child is left in there to chew on or kick the sides of the crib you would have to expect there to be damage or signs of wear ... it is a piece of furniture and should be treated as such.I also had NO problem with hanging a mobile and using my bumper set , but I knew what we were buying and planned accordingly to accommodate the size of the crib for secondary items such as bumpers and mobiles.The only thing I had a problem with was finding the manufacturer to order the accessory kit for the bed . They do not seem to have a web page that I could locate but I called Babies R Us , where we purchased from , and they gave me the contact number which is
 I picked this crib for my daughter due to the solid back design and beautiful sleigh features . It 's very sturdy and converts to a daybed then to a full size bed . All my baby furniture came without any damage or working issues.I actually saw the crib in the store and realized that the side does NOT come down . So , if this is a feature you are looking for - do no buy this crib.I am 5 ' 5 and the crib is currently on it 's lowest setting . My daughter is 16mos old and I have , nor ever had any problems putting my daughter to bed.Also , as a baby she had a mobile ON her crib . Symphony in motion by Tiny Love . It plays classical music and has zoo animals that spin around.I didnt plan on using a bumper , as most doctors recommend not using one . But I 've read that velcro can take care of the problem.I gave it 4 stars b/c there is not a guard made for the rail , which is very thick , to prevent your baby from teething on it!Overall , I think if you realize what your buying - it 's a very good crib .
 I highly recommend this crib ... This crib is VERY sturdy and will last through MANY children . However , since the railing does not move down you must be able to lift baby up and over the railing into the crib and vice versa when picking up baby . Height and a strong back are all you need to enjoy this crib fovever . At 5 ' 6 '' I can manage ... but beware the shorter person . I tested them all in the store and wanted a crib that would last , be of high quality and sturdy ... This one fits the bill !
 We bought this crib in the natural finish . The sleigh design is gorgeous , and looks perfect in our nursery . I 've always loved sleigh beds , and I 'm glad I can give my daugher one from birth . The crib was more expensive than some of the others we looked at , but well worth the price difference . This crib will change to a day bed and a full size bed . Also , we plan on having at least 2 children , and will be able to use this with both of them.The crib comes unassembled , but was very easy to put together . It took us about 30 minutes to put together . I just held things together and read instructions while my husband did all the work.Others have complained about some of the features I like . First , mobile 's are hard to attach to this because of the sleigh design . We overcame this by hanging the mobile from the ceiling . It 's out of reach , adjustable as she grows , and looks fine . I 've also read of others complaining that it 's hard to attach the bumper pad because of the solid back . Yes , the back is solid . No , there is n't a place to tie the middle of the bumper pad in the back . We tied the corners tightly and tucked part of the bumper between the crib and the mattress . So far , no problems . Others have complained that the front rail does n't go down , making it hard to put the baby in . I 'm 5 ' 5 and have had no problems with this . Paige goes into her crib just fine without waking up . I have to wonder if the people who have complained actually looked at this crib before purchasing . I specifically bought this crib for the sleigh design and solid back . I knew going into it that some things would be more difficult and would require us to be creative . I would be willing to go without the bumper pad if need be . -LRB- Some doctors recommend not using one anyway . -RRB- I happen to like the mobile from the ceiling . I know that as Paige grows and reaches for it , I can adjust it higher and not have to worry . I did n't have a problem with tying the bumper strings around the sides . Some people have said this was a problem , because the sleigh sides are larger . Of course they are , you bought a sleigh crib!I gave it 4 stars because I have n't had to convert it to the day bed yet . After we 've used it longer , I may up my rating ! I would definitely recommend this crib to anyone looking for a sleigh crib .
 I ca n't find it ... will someone please direct me to it ? Is this convertible to a toddler bed ?
 This was the last car in the series that I purchased . Now have the whole set . The Newbright quality and performance is flawless . This is now part of my train collection .
 We bought this Christmas train last summer after researching and trying to find it . It is kinda exspensive so that is why I budgeted for it so long ago . My sister had bought this train for her children years ago and never let us just know what kind and how to find it , it was a secret . I have a grandson who is soooo into any kinds of trains . We would go over to their house every Christmas and visit them just so we could see it . We finally got it set up tonight around the Christmas tree . Easy to set up and can hardly wait for him to see it tomorrow . We bought the 4 train set and then added two more cars and more track . Did n't really need more track but who knows how much it will grow in the future years ahead . It is very animated and love to lay on my stomach in the dim lights and watch it even with out him . Kinda makes an old lady feel like a kid again .
 I also bought the Logger Car also ca n't wait for Christmas to run these together with the rest of the train . I hope my Grand-daughter notices the two new cars .
 My grandchildren want to come to the grandma 's with the train for Christmas this year . I had to buy a new one . Very happy I decided on the train that this car could be purchased . The children of friends that have seen it are thrilled with the action and sound . Ca n't wait until the grandchildren see it .
 Great toy camera for the money . There seems to be a million toy camera 's out there , but they are much more expensive because they are a Disney character or the `` like . '' This one is very reasonably priced , durable , bright primary colors , fun sound effects , and does what you `` need '' it to do ... Everytime we are taking pics my daughter runs and gets her camera so she can `` take pics '' too !! Highly recommend it !
 I bought this for my neice and she absolutely loves it . The outfit seems to be well made and pretty durable . In addition to her Build A Bears , she puts it on her other stuff animals .
 Hi!I really love the purple ballerina outfit I ordered . It was made for stuffed animals , but it fits one of my large Kewpies perfectly . I am always getting new Kewpies and looking for clothes for them . The outfit is very well made and looks very pretty on the Kewpie . I 'm so glad I found this adorable outfit !
 It is fun to put together and know that you will have a piece of art in which to display . This will go on the wall in our studio .
 They had one of the few Playmobil Pirate Blackbeards to be found on the Internet . It was quickly shipped and arrived in pristine condition . Thank you !
 This playmobil pirate is so cool ! Besides the above excellent quality of the figure , the cannon is also excellent quality.You push in the cannonball then press the button on top of the cannon & the ball actually shoots ! & it shoots pretty well too ! I recommend this to anyone who collects Playmobil Pirates !
 This is a very nice Barbie doll . I was surprised Toys R Us had any at all . But since Amazon is running the show , I guess they managed to acquire a few of them . The doll is very durable , and looks good . You can also use the Tote Bag to store her in . And she should complete your Miami Getaway Barbie doll collection . The face looks very Japanese Anime in style , and your kid should love it . I say go for it , buy a couple at least .
 BARBIE IS VERY PRETTY HERE AND LOOKS LIKE SHE IS ALL READY FOR FUN IN THE SUN . I WISH I HAD ORDERED THIS DOLL WHEN IT WAS IN STOCK . IT 'S A NICE ONE . WELL I WILL ADD HER TO MY WISHLIST AND AS FOR RATINGS I GIVE HER A 5 . THIS IS A VERY NICE DOLL .
 The net is perfect , easy to install , and shipping was really fast ! It took about 2-3 days . The only downside with the net is that the nuts sometimes get loose . Other than that it is perfect !
 Exactly as described and very durable , has gone thru lots of bad weather and still in perfect condition . Throwing the ball to hard does n't bend it out place unlike other hoops .
 I got it & i love it ! It took me a few wks to submit a review because i was busy weathering it & the others i have for my set ! Thanks !
 We bought the entire set -LRB- Funny Fred trash can , Silly Sam broom/dustpan , Playful Patty iron/board , and Laughing Larry vaccum -RRB- for my two year old at Christmas last year . Not only are they fun to play with , they are durable too ! The only part that broke off was the ironing board stand , which was removable anyway . It teaches kids to clean up in a fun way , and you can turn off the sounds if they bother the grown-ups . This toy gets lots and lots of use . Highly recommended !
 I have a collection of UNBUILT figures related to World War 2 . I do not collect these items as toys nor do I build them . I will say that a purchase of a `` TAMIYA '' model is worth the price and time . Sorry I could not be of more help .
 We have had one for a year , and it is so much fun ! It has been a doll cradle , a chair , a hat , something the kids can spin around in , a Little People tent , and a million other things . It is extremely durable , and easily withstands kids standing on top of it . It is super fun , but is totally imagination powered !
 My son is 6 and got this as a gift . He has not stopped playing with it and has told everyone he would like more for his birthday.He has spun around in it and used it as a small shelter for his stuffed animal.He had stood on it and tried to find out how many ways he can stand and still balance.He weights 53 pounds and this toy did n't bend-it is VERY sturdy.He also received the smaller ones.He likes them as well but the big one is a HIT !!!
 I have three boys and they LOVE this toy . It is much more fun for them than anything with batteries , lights , and noises.We had 14 children here for New Year 's Eve and there were just not enough Bilibos to go around . The children who had them spun in the kitchen , rocked babies , wore them as hats , pretended they were turtles , played basketball , and played stepping stones in the living room.I do think these toys are overpriced but they are fun , especially if you have imaginative children in your house .
 This doll may look like she has too much make-up on but if you look at the close up , she really is n't -LRB- take it from someone who hates when a doll or a person wears too much make-up -RRB- . Her dress is a lovely shade of purple , but the way it is made gives the wrong impresson to someone who maybe is just getting into MYSCENE . It was just a bad pattern and I have n't seen it since this line . -LRB- mattel sometime re-uses patterns -RRB- . * * Ally * * Age 13God Bless
 i love myscene , but this doll was a dissapointment . her make-up is good enough but not what I would perfer . Its lots of purple colours , which is not flattering because of the fact that her features are so light -LRB- blone hair , skin , blue eyes -RRB- . Also her earrings are a purple hoop , but in person they look like purple crust . Her dress is neat and made of a silky material . Her hair is super sraight , and shiney -LRB- pretty -RRB- . I am not the biggest fan of of the birthday collection , but my past fave is jammin in Jamaica , lovely . But , if you like the way this doll looks , she is durable so you wo n't be flushing your money down the toliet , by buying a doll that will crack in half .
 I love this doll 's dress . It 's design is so cool . And I love her hair , it 's so shiny and silky ! And her make-up is pretty awesome too .
 This game has held the interest of my children and their friends for some time now . The additional dimension and the neat packaging help captivate them and keep them engaged . The quality of the product is very high .
 We 've got the game in my office breakroom . Several of us played the original Cubic game back in High School . We have a rule that the spectators ca n't help the players and must sit on their hands . The games can be very heated . If we 're in the middle of a game when our break is over , the peg reminds us who 's turn it is . We 've got a chalk board to keep track of our playoffs.Great game ! The next ofice is ordering their own.Scott SeabaughMaintenance Training .
 This game is the new chess/checkers/tic-tac-toe . Looks so east but hidden underneath , much thought and strategy . You can play it anywhere , very portable , set it up quickly and it will draw a crowd . Play it anyway you want , many ways to play ! I suggest you try it for yourself .
 I found this game to be very captivating . It 's also cool how it is constructed , which makes it less likely to break . My son & I played for hours and will use it for family time games . He beats me a lot , but I 'm learning .
 I am extremely happy to see this game hit the internet . I bought this game for my children , but it turned out to be an even bigger hit with my adult friends . Everybody wants one now , so I have to order more . It 's also very creative looking , so I took one of the games to work for my desk . Every single person who sees it wants to touch it , collapse the levels , and take a turn at playing . Two years ago , I gave a copy of Pentagonal to the lead singer of the Cotton Mouth Kings back stage after a concert in Hollywood . If you want to play a really fun game that even looks great when you are n't playing , give Pentagonal a shot . Thumbs Up !!!
 I thought this game would be too complicated but it turns out to be extremely simple to learn as most already know how to play tic-tac-toe . Once you realize you have to play offense AND defense at the same time you win more games . A game seems to take about 10-15 minutes , depending on how many free spaces you use . I like using 5 free-spaces with one in the middle of each level like bingo . It seems like you would tie a lot but someone always seems to win . It 's nice that is rotates to see all of the angles and collapses into a small package but just pops up for playing so you do n't have to put it together ! It 's sometimes fun in teams of two . It is an engaging and challenging game that we play when we feel competitive or bored .
 The 3D5 game was a gift for our fourteen year old granddaughter . She thinks it 's a terrific game as do her friends . According to her it 's a game she and her friends enjoy and one that 's hard not to play . She took it to a party and said everybody wanted to play with it . You see it and are drawn to it . I bought this based on Amazon 's previous customer reviews and have not been disappointed . Thank you all ! Based on her enthusiasm for the game I do believe it 's a winner ! ~ Mrs. B.
 arrived promptly nice quality would order again used for a Fall nfl ... party was a hit with these floating around pool , receieved a lot of compliments !
 It was an inside joke gift for my boyfriend , he put it together quite easily and it was cute and fun . It got there very quickly .
 these are really great stickers ; they are reasonably priced and good size for special occasions ; students love these stickers ; would highly recommend !
 Great product ! Both teacher and students love this and it is a great way to motivate ! Ca n't be happier will definitely purchase again !
 I agree with most here , including the person who indicated it 's better than a toy . Seriously , it 's really a pretty nice piece of gear , does a GREAT job of 30x , the illumination is VERY bright and adjustable , making the subject you 're looking at exceptionally clear.For the money this ca n't be beat if it 's what you 're looking for . I may buy another at this price because I am really impressed with the usability . Yeah , it 's Chinese , and yeah , it 's plastic , but it 's solid , and the clarity is really way above what I expected . Worth every penny !
 Seriously . I 'm still giddy over this.So this is probably one of the cheapest gifts I bought for my kids this year for Christmas . They do n't need an expensive microscope and the portability and price got me to pull the trigger.Well , today they -LRB- bought 2 - one per kiddo -RRB- came in and I was curious so I opened them up and after putting 2 AA batteries in each , I felt like I was 6 again.I 'm still laughing out loud at how much fun it was to run all over the house looking at EVERYTHING at up to 30x magnification . LEGOs showed dead skin flakes on them , countertops showed tiny scratches , etc. . There are more expensive portable microscopes but this is all you need unless you 're going to spend serious money on one.They come with a nice leather-ish pouch with a button and in a non-descript white box . The plastic shell of the microscope is slightly misaligned on both units where the battery cover is concerned . Not an issue during use though and for the price I do n't care.There was a sharp piece of plastic near the battery cover on one where the eyepiece went but as soon as I pulled off the battery cover to put batteries in , it flew off so that problem took care of itself.I also found a great pair of cheap 2-mile radius walkie talkies -LRB- ca n't remember the brand but the pack included 2 and it was under or around 20 bucks -RRB- to go with this and I ca n't WAIT for the kids to grab both of these and go play secret agents or science explorers or something.It completely amazed me how a small piece of plastic from China would make me this giddy but like I said the first thing you want to do is run around looking at EVERYTHING.In an age where kids spend too much time inside , this is a GREAT way to get them outside exploring the world we got to as kids before it was rendered in 3d and delivered via email to them to play online.It wo n't fit in a kid 's pocket as it 's about 5-7 inches tall but I simply do n't care . It 's entirely too much fun.I 'm on the fence about buying a 3rd just to bring to work so all of the other grown men I work with can play with it at the office.If you 've gotten to this review , just buy the darn thing . You 'll spend more on a combo meal at McDonald 's . I 'm probably going to buy a few more just to use as birthday gifts for the next few parties the kids go to . Every child should have one of these . Heck , every adult should have one . Will buy again , 5 stars , etc. . You get the point : -RRB-
 This microscope >> POCKET MICROSCOPE by American Science & Surplus < < -LRB- 30X -RRB- is a Great little tool . Excellent optics , made even better by a little `` focus wheel '' on the side that makes it much more usable , because at this magnification there is very little depth of field so the `` fine tune '' dial is a big help even though it does take just a little bit of practice to hold it steady and adjust the dial.Another Big plus is the light - - it is powered by 2 AA batteries , so there is plenty of light on the subject - - but you have a little switch on the side that lets you shift the direction of the light , from the subject and instead have the light shine straight out the front , providing you with a nice bright pocket flashlight.The only -LRB- minor -RRB- drawback to the unit is that it is a wee bit fragile - - but then , most microscopes are a bit fragile , so this should n't be a major difficulty - - besides which , at this price just buy two
 Great gift idea for kids and I even used it a lot too . I was surprised how much my nephew liked the one I got him because all he does is play video games but he really enjoyed the pocket microscope . It broke but I had it about a year I guess and it was probably just a bad bulb . They are not expensive and they are different than the usual toys kids play with .
 I guess you get what you pay for . This is probably the best you can get for this price range . Still , everything sort of looks the same under the microscope . My son has fun with it , though . He especially likes looking at sugar which I agree is the most fascinating thing we have looked at so far . Keep in mind that this is a toy and do n't expect more than you pay for .
 This toy can be addictive ! You 'll find yourself hunting for things to look at when you take it out of the box . Comes with a lightweight case , which is nice for storage , and definitely easy to use . At first , we found everything to be a bit blurry , but then - oops - found the focus knob ! That definitely helped a lot , LOL . Do n't expect the quality of a science lab microscope , but for general household objects -LRB- i.e. salt , skin , hair , tabletops , etc. -RRB- it 's great . A nice change of pace from video games and television for the kids . Uses 2 AA batteries -LRB- not AAA as stated in one other review -RRB- . This would make a great gift for any child over age 5 or 6 , so you may want to get several to keep on hand for those birthday parties that pop up !
 Perfect for quick use and very functional . Cost for the item is worth having the item around to use . Great for sharing with the kids .
 This is such a fun toy for kids and adults both ! I had one when I was little and my son has just as much fun with it as i did ...
 I got this toy for my 8 year old son . he has autism and doesn ; t liek the typical toys . He Loves this toy , and so does the whole family . My 4 year old could use this easily . My kids went outside and thoughtout the house for hours looking at everything they could find under the microscope.What a cool toy and a great price .
 My son loves this at 7 yrs and I love it in my upper thirties . It is simple to use , portable and functions well . It uses 2 AAA batteries , so be prepared . You wo n't be able to stop looking at things once you start - the wood in your tabletops , metal , fabric , skin ... . It 's a perfect science learning tool .
 this is a great learning toy for all ages . Just looking at hair strands is an experience your child or anyone will learn from . Definitely recommend to those who want to learn with their children or themselves . Have fun with it ! : -RRB-
 I ordered 30 microscopes . Six of the microscopes did not work - the probems ranged from shattered bulbs , to bulbs that did not work , to several microscopes that would n't work after trouble shooting by trying a new bulb , new batteries , etc. . That boils down to only 24 working microscopes out of the 30 microscopes that were ordered .
 great product . easy to use . better than the pocket microscope you can get at radio shack and much easier to operate . only one wheel for focusing instead of two . highly recommended .
 Loved this microscope . I prefer it over higher magnification microscopes because you can pick up everyday items like sugar , salt , pencil erasings , hair strands , etc. and see them so detailed .
 We use this in an industrial setting with good results.Pros
 * Got seven of these after reading the reviews here . One for me and one for my very young droogies.The immediate matter I had at hand for the unit was trying to figure out which one of six very closely related -LSB- morphologically and phylogenetically -RSB- species of tree crickets had decided to spend his/her last night alive on one of our awnings . -LSB- for more on that please see the most excellent SONGS OF INSECTS by ELLIOT/HERSHBERGER -RSB- Using a PRO/CON format , here 's whatcha get : PRO : Good opticsInexpensive priceAdjustable , LED light -LSB- should give very long battery life -RSB- Cheap but adequate caseCON : Cheap housing -LSB- batteries fit EXTREMELY tightly ; plastic is n't durable -RSB- No instructionsNo batteries come with the unitSo since I bought 7 of these and wanted to make them suitable for my young nieces/nephews etc. here 's what I did and found :1 . The focal length is pretty much only accessible by putting the subject on a flat surface and then placing the hole in the lens directly above the subject -LSB- and on the flat surface -RSB- . IOW , center what you want to look at in the middle of the hole and do your fine adjustment while the clear lens is flat against the surface .2 . Write instructions - better yet , sketch them , so that the young ` uns will understand # 1 above . Better yet , actually work with said young ` uns on a small project to familiarize them with the unit and its capabilities/limitations . A small dead insect or a bird feather or a human hair would work great ! 3 . Label the unit . I am putting my own - now labelled - with some other precision tools I have for detail work - such as micrometers , helping hands , fine-nosed needle nose pliers , jewelers ' screwdrivers , etc.FINAL ANALYSIS : Hey , for $ 6 it would be hard to go wrong on a tool that does what this little unit does and does well . Minus one star for el cheapo construction !
 I have a ferret rescue . We do a lay physical on each new ferret . We check for ear mites . The microscope is strong enough we can see the ear mites . Then we know whether to have the Vet treat the ferret.SE Illuminated Pocket Microscope 30X
 I always loved looking at things under a microscope but it 's just hard when you have to bring everything inside and ca n't really move the microscope easily . When I found this I was thrilled ! Finally a microscope to take on the go with me ! It 's so much fun to look at all the details around the apartment ! Even an an adult I ca n't help but get excited every time I see a human hair magnified 30X ! It just looks so cool ! I was so thrilled I 'm going to get one for my little cousin so he can discover the minute details of the world around him ! Great educational toy !
 I bought this to inspect flowers and its worth what I paid for it . Its not the easiest to use as you must be very steady but it does work . Id probably spend a bit more next time and get a better quality one but this was worth the money .
 This was a great gift for our grandson who lives a whole state away from us , but we also have a microscope , so we know it is a good microscope !! Thanks , Cindy
 It looks cheap but it is very nice toy for the price.My kids love it .
 This game was played with 2nd , 3rd , 4th and 5th grade Remedial Reading students . They all were successful and they all loved it !!! They beg to play this game and they are able to use and pratice phonetic rules they are learning in their spelling and everyday writing !!!!!!
 My daughter was obsessed with Peter Pan when the movie was released . She wanted a soft Peter Pan doll and we looked all over local stores and found nothing . This doll did the trick . She loves it and plays with it all the time . Great product , Great seller .
 Purchased this for my daughter because I could NOT find Canadian Play Money anywhere for this cheap in Canada , only American money ... so what do you know , I check an American site and find Canadian play money for dirt cheap ! My daughter LOVES this set , it is very educational and so much fun to play with ! Just funny that I ca n't find Canadian play money for less than $ 15 in Canada !! I have to shop on an American site ! Fine with me , saves me money and makes my kids happy : -RRB-
 I bought this for my 4 year old and 8 year old to teach them about finances . YES , it 's better if they start early before living on Credit cards like most of Americans and us Canadians ... They do the chores in the house and they get paid with this fake money . At the end of the month they earn 25 % of real money for whatever they earned . Teaches them a bit how to be more good with the money eh !!!
 Good size bills , good design and way way better than monopoly money ! Great for teaching money to an English language class
 Imagine a plastic barrel full of markers , colored paper , googly eyes -LRB- different sizes yet -RRB- , pipe cleaners , fuzzy balls , cut out shapes , glitter , sequins , popsicle sticks ... okay , there is more , but we have n't reached the bottom of the barrel yet . Basically , it 's full of cool stuff that kids LOVE to goof around with . It 's messy , and you 'll be picking up sequins and various `` shiney '' things for days , but the kids will be absorbed for at least an hour , if not more.We 're homeschoolers , and when we do n't feel like doing `` formal '' art , it 's so much fun to pull out the giant barrel and say , `` Okay , get the glue ! '' : oD
 The kids can really be creative with this , and the adults can have fun , too ! There are plenty of each item in the barrel , so you can complete many different crafts . This would be a great birthday or holiday present . Just get some glue , and you 're ready to go !
 This barrel of crafts is great.No matter what the bad reviews say , they are wrong.It is totally worth the money.Your child will love it if they like to do crafts.I have made a lot of cute things with it.I even made an adoradle gift for my teacher who is going to have a baby!If there is one word to describe this toy it is ... PERFECT!THIS TOY IS DEFINATELY WORTH THE MONEY AND IS TONS OF FUN !!!!!! 5 STARS ALL THE WAY !!!!!!!!!!! PS-It IS educational because it teaches kids to use their imagination and create new things.It is also very durable.Great for road trips !!!!!
 I took this on a 5 day camping trip where I knew it would be a challenge to keep 3 and 4 year olds occupied - and not begging for the TV ! They had a great time making things ! My only complaint is that it did n't come with paper and glue so they would have more options . I bought them separately and am glad I did !
 I bought this for my 5 year old for Christmas . It comes with SO much stuff . Well worth the money . It keeps her busy for hours and really encourages creativity ... a must have for your little artist !
 I have this at home , it 's the best craft kit I 've had in my life !! -LRB- and I 'm -LSB- ... -RSB- ! -RRB- I reccomend you getting this for you kids today !
 I bought this for my niece . On Christmas day , after the gift giving carnage was over and the wrapping paper cleaned up , this is the toy she pulled from the pile to play with . I ca n't think of a better recommendation than that.My only suggestion would be that if you buy this , get some poster board or something to go with it so you have something to glue all the little doodads to .
 This is a wonderful product . I bought this last year and my grand daughter is just now getting to the bottom . Its impossible to name everything it has in it . I am buying it again this year for all my grand kids great Buy !!
 This is a great gift idea for anyone with children ! My girls , their friends and visiting family have hours of creative fun with this barrel full of crafts !!!!
 This is an EXCELLENT gift and an excellent VALUE ! There is so much here for kids -LRB- and parents -RRB- to sort through and create wonderfully fun little projects . It 's also a little lesson in problem-solving , in that there is so very much here to select from and work with . Kids will have to consider what to choose , what they would like to match with the project they want to invent -- it 's endless fun and an adventure in arts and crafts!I suggest that you have some oak-tag on hand to use for creation of special projects , and get ready for hours and hours -LRB- and more hours -RRB- of creative fun.This is an excellent toy that will encourage greater adventures in artistic creation !
 My niece is turning into a craft junkie . Spending a day with grandma , she was quiet for hours , turning a spare piece of felt into a bear.Unwrapping this , her eyes widened and she jumped up and down . She had to be forcibly constrained from spilling all its contents all over the floor at that instant to start creating new stuff.The only item that I do n't think this contained that would be great would be some kinds of fabric -- felt , or easy to cut cotton of some kind . With glue and all the exciting items in this barrel , that would add immensely to the fun . -LRB- If fabric was supposed to be in here , it was invisible ; even without it , there 's so much that my sister-in-law wo n't have to take my niece to a craft store until for another six to nine months ! -RRB- Well worth the investment .
 I sent this to my niece as a `` get well '' and cheer up kind of gift . She really enjoyed it and was able to have a lot of fun making various crafts . Her brother enjoyed playing with it too . They 've got many little items they 've made with the set . It 's nice to have something like this around when the weather is n't the best either . I consider this money well spent .
 My daughter loved it . She has it now almost one year.Still she is making little things for everyone in the family.I would recommend it to everyone who had kids who are in to artwork.One of the best gifts ever .
 It would be nice if someone could actually purchase this item . It is always out of stock .
 I think this toy looks soooooooooooooooooooo awsome !!! Totally worth a lot f money
 This item was purchased as a gift . However , it appears to bea great representation of the character and will be enjoyed bythe receipient .
 The Axel Action Figure rules . I just unwrapped it the other day and It pretty much has not left my side . literally I tied a ribbon around him and tied it to my belt -LRB- Not that that 's weird * Shifty eyes * -RRB- And anyway , the coat is correct to the game and the Chakrams are to the exact . He is really well made and is very durable.The only problem I have found is that at first he 's a bit stiff and the hands are hard to change around . I 'm very afriad that I 'm going to break his arms off and I got stabbed in the eye by his hair -LRB- serves me right for being too close to his head checking out his tattoos under his eyes -RRB- But that was my fault.Over all he rules and I 'm going to get the Roxas action figure . :3
 First , let me say that you can get this for much cheaper elsewhere . Check online!Second , this figure is VERY excellent . It 's extraordinarily well-made , having lots of points of articulation -LRB- you can pose him any way you want ! -RRB- , and detail . It really DOES look just like the video game character.The facial expression is very mischievous . Fun!I was n't even really familiar with the character , but when I saw the figure , I had to have it ! Exceptionally good . Maybe not the best for small children or kids who 'll really play roughly with it , as his red hair is VERY pointy -LRB- as are the chakrams - those metal wheel blades -RRB- . I think it 's really more for the older kid/collector . Still very sturdy , though !
 I bought this Axel figure for my daughter as a Christmas present -LRB- she is a 12 yo -RRB- . She is an intense Kingdom Hearts fan who has the books , video games and posters but no figures . I was hoping this would surprise her and wow was I right . When she opened it she was so happy and Axel has now found a place posed on her desk . The figure is of very good quality . I 'm not sure if it would make a good gift for younger kids that would use it like a GI Joe action figure but as a static display on a kids desk to play around with once and a while it is perfect .
 I bought one for my niece and loved it , so I just had to get one for myself . LOL ! This figure is great ... however ... as another review said , my Axel figures hands did break . It was n't just yours ! LOL . It 's okay , though . He 's a display item only , so it 's not too bad . He 's still a great figure . I love him .
 I was very happy with this product ! he is well made and a good representation of him in the game ! one thing though . just be careful when you take off the hands . it might have just been mine , but when i took them off they broke . so I had to hot glue them onto his wrists . oh well . . it doesnt cripple him too much lol .
 My 15 year old nephew has been collecting action figures since childhood , and he was impressed with the quality of these Kingdom Hearts 2 figures . The figures are well made and the clothing and accessories authentic to the character . He particularly likes the interchangeable hands which allow Axel to hold his throwing stars .
 Okay , so I LOVE Axel . Seriously , he is just awesome . So I decided to buy him.Now I had read alot of reviews saying his hands came off . I thought , `` I own over 75 anime/game figures ... they probably just were n`t careful enough . '' I was totally wrong.When I got Axel I was so excited . The detail of his hair , face and coat were superb ! -LRB- Coat seriously feels like leather , and his hair is so spikey it hurts !! -RRB- When I got him his hands were clenched fists , and since he came with his Chockrams and an extra set of hands to hold them I thought , `` Time for a change ! '' . I was so unbelievablly careful while I tried removing his hands , the left hand ended up totally breaking and I had to use an exacto knife to pillage out the rest of it from Axel ` s wrist . The other hand came out fairly ok but with some difficulty . I think this was a factory fluke , because I know other people who said the hands came out smoothly.Another flaw with him is his poseability . I know he is more a collector than a toy , but his arms are so stiff you think he is going to break everytime you try to pose him . He can stand well on his own though , just be careful.Overal , the Axel figure is actually pretty neat when you get past the issues . I wanted Axel to hold his Chockrams and sit with my other figures with an awesome fighting pose . If you expect more than that from this toy/figure/collectible thing than you might be dissapointed .
 first off let me say I 'm a BIG fan of KH2 , and organization 13 . When I got the action figure i was realy exited . My sister and I opened the package , and I was very pleased . The clothing matches the outfit form the videogame , the hair looks awsome , and there are many posses you can do with it . Although when I opened it I wanted to change the hands , and a few miutes later they broke . It 's not that I was n't being delgate with it , -LRB- I practically treated it like glass -RRB- but to me it seems like a design flaw . usually you twist things off , but when I did that to the right hand broke . then I tryed pulling the left hand , and it broke too . The directions did n't help ether , it was pretty confusing and sort of impractical . I had to super glue it back on , and it looked a little weird.sadly the next day when i put Axel on my book shelf he fell off and the front part of his hair -LRB- the two spikes at the top -RRB- broke . i super glued it back on and it looked okay , although he sort of looked like a unicorn -_- ' . though this was my fault , just make sure to be careful when you prop him up on your manga shelf.besides the hands , and hair I realy like the action figure . it 's an over all good product and i was very happy with it . I recommend that you shoul n't try and take it off the hands , chances are it will brake . I think i 'll get the Roxas one too > w <
 I am a big fan of all Settlers and the expansion , Cities and Knights , so I was very excited to play this game . But just as a warning it is very difficult to learn at first . They have a website , however , that will teach you how to play the game step-by-step . It is a great twist on the Settlers games -LRB- for those of you who play often - like us -RRB- . You gain resources and ingredients by moving toward a `` goal '' spot you have chosen or by acheiving adventures . Your player has specific abilities such as charisma and agility giving you the ability to fight off bears or save fellow knights.Another big bonus is that , unlike the other Settlers games , you can play this one with just two players . It really is a fantastic game .
 I first played this game in August at GenCon and immediately began searching for it . This game is Fantastic ! It 's fun and challenging !
 This is a great 2-4 player game ! I found this game because my husband is interested in adventure computer games . This is something we can enjoy together . My husband and I learned how to play during a rainy Saturday afternoon . Great online tutorial .
 My husband and I were looking for a Catan game that we could play with only 2 players . And we came across Candamir . We love it ! It is also great for more than 2 players . Very fun game !
 This game is awsome . All the catan games a great fun , especially at parties . Great for older kids and adults . Definately entertaining . Settlers is also a great game , same title
 This was a perfect Christmas gift for my 2-year-old grandson ! He has a small Mickey Mouse and this was the perfect size Pluto to go with Mickey .
 I searched high and low for animal picture cards for a game I wanted to play with my granddaughter . I ordered several other brands and these are by far the best cards . They are large 5 inches by 7 inches and sturdy with colorful laminated pictures . I ordered all the sets Learning Resources make and was pleased with all of them . Be aware however that some animals are duplicated in other sets .
 Most viewmaster reels are from the 50 and 60 's but their impact remains the same.Very beautifull 3d stereo pictures brings the scenery to life at every click .
 I purchased two `` Russian Rails '' games for gifts for a 21 year old young man and a 24 young woman and both were received with great enthusiasm . The games have been played a number of times since Christmas already . It 's a lot like `` Risk '' where there is strategy involved , so it 's a great thinking game , with some competition thrown in -LRB- of course someone wants to win ! -RRB- . I have enjoyed watching my children play this with each other . The game involves using crayons -LRB- which come with the game -RRB- to draw on the gameboard , so it does take time at the end to wipe the crayon marks off the board . However , they do come off easily . All in all , it 's been great seeing everyone sitting around the table playing and interacting together .
 As with all of the Rail games this one has some unique elements , like a card that has the Iron Curtain fall andsome of the rules for the game change .
 My entire family love to play this game . An interesting twist on the original , this version adds in a government change and some rather interesting problems . It took us a while to figure out the cities , and the border crossing rule makes for more challenging track building -LRB- to avoid taxes -RRB- . If you are a fan of Empire Builder , or any game in the series , this one is a must have .
 Outstanding service in getting this game and great product . One of the Empire Builder series of games and great to play each one . Non traditional classroom learning for the geography and the economy in building your rails and planning your loads . Event cards mimic the economy and the natural disasters impacting the region . Great game to add to the collection of Empire Builder games .
 This figure is a great representation of Kairi . It 's pretty durable ... But eventually her leg got loose and broke off . So use her with care !
 I 've had her for a while now and I love her to death . 5 stars .
 OVERVIEW
 I actually misunderstood other reviews of this product as saying that this was an independently produced Dooku lightsaber . This was my own mistake , so not an issue . It 's like the halloween costume lightsabers you find at retail stores , but it 's a nice saber if you 're not looking for the expensive light and sound stuff in the Hasbro version . The only real negative about this particular piece is that there is a protrusion out of the `` blade projector '' that is made of softer rubber , rather than hard plastic like the rest of the lightsaber . While it 's safer , the rubber does not hold the rigid shape it should , so it looks bent . Minor complaint , but there it is !
 This lightsaber is decently made . The blade is a little flimsy compared to other toy lightsabers but , it is also longer than those . This one also lights up , which is a nice feature . Dooku 's lightsaber is shaped differently than most and the manufacturer does a good job of placing a rubber piece at the end -LRB- where the blade comes out -RRB- . If this piece was made of plastic like the rest of the item , it would definitely break off . The rubber bends without breaking . Overall , not too bad of a toy .
 The Donegan Magnifier , OptiSight W/3 Lens Plates , 3X , 4X , 5X makes it very easy to see things that are hard to see without the Donegan Magnifier . I am very glad I purchased this item as it was money well spent . With the 3x , 4x . and 5x I can change lenses until I get the lens that works the best for me.I am very pleased with this product and am very glad I purchased it.Ervin E. Harmon
 This item is great ! I can really see what I need to in order to make my jewlery ! You 'll love it
 I use these glasses for EVERYTHING they are so great for crafts , beading , cross stitch . They are also useful for removing splinters . I could no longer live without these glasses .
 I purchased this product for my husband , so that he could read the paper and do the crossword puzzles that he enjoys so much . It has worked wonderfully . I would recommend it to anyone who has trouble seeing small print , especially with the choices of different powered lenses .
 LOTS OF ROOM FOR YOUR GLASSES TO FIT OVER , THEY ARE SIMPLE TO CHANGE OUT LENES ,
 The viewer works well enough as what its designed for . I did have to get at a certain angle and distance to view the object . Overall , I would purchase again .
 I was anxiously waiting for the Optisite lenses to arrive , They arrived promptly and I appreciated that very much . I like the fact that I can wear them at the same time I wear my regular glasses because of other visual problems . I also have a choice of lens strenghth which helps a lot when I want to do intricate patterns of counted cross stitch . I have been given an opportunity to do some of the hobbies that I thought I could no longer work on .
 I do traditional woodworking , and sharpen all my own tools . I was having trouble seeing the teeth on my hand saws . With OptiSight magnifiers , I can see them . The three lenses are great , espically when I sharpen the fine teeth on my dovetail saw . It is very comportable to wear for extended periods , and I like the `` flip-up '' action of the lenses when I do n't need the magnifiers . Great product and quite affordable . I would recommend this to anyone . .
 I DO N'T THINK OF THESE AS TOYS . THEY ARE GREAT LOOKING ON THE REFRIGERATOR . THE MAGNETS HOLD PICTURES ETC.WELL . I GIVE THEM TO MY FRIENDS WHO REALLY GET A KICK OUT OF THEM !
 Our 2 + granddaughter went right to work putting together her cake , then taking it apart and reassembling it . Just like her mother , she enjoyed her time making a delicious-looking cake . L.G.
 My little girl got this as a birthday gift for when she turned 3 . She loves building the cake for me -LRB- my birthday is soon -RRB- over and over again . The stamps work fine - I suspect for those whose reviews said the stamps faded fast they may have had the orange piece on upside-down . She really enjoys it .
 I decorate cakes all the time and when I was asked to write a review -LRB- for another website -RRB- for this toy I was very excited that my little ones will have something to do while I 'm decorating a real cake . I agree with some of the downsides people quoted here , but here is the difference - I believe that '' what is supposed to do '' and '' what we can do to have fun '' are two different things.This toy was greatly underestimated by the manufacturer but my kids and I -LRB- girl 4 , boy 7 -RRB- found out that it can be huge fun to play with it , once you think outside of the box . . hm , the cake.Anyway , we tested it , I have pictures and explanations , if you would like to read my review , check out my posting :[ . . -RSB- Not to mention it 's a great practice cake for beginner cake decorators ! No more bottoms of pans , people ! Give it a try !
 My 4 year old loves this !! She `` makes '' the cake for her tea parties & is learning in the process ! Great gift idea for any preschooler !
 My daughter who is 3 - loves this toy . I think before you buy this you need to make sure if your child is into letters and tracing . My daughter is and she loves to trace and stamp - perfect for her . The stickers cling and uncling good . The candles are fun and icing too . She is singing constantly as she works . The crayons erase good and the orange writting/stamping pad is clear and of good quality . 5 stars !!!
 My four year old nephew loves to bake cakes . So the LearningResources Pretend and Play Trace & Learn Cake was theperfect present . It is so clever and interactive .
 I really like this product . It was smaller than I thought it was going to be , but it worked out really well for our beach trip .
 4 straight hours at the beach and the kids -LRB- ages 4 and2 -RRB- did nothing but make sand castles with this toy . Only drawback was the handle to the wagon tends to come off easily .
 We love these . They are high quality , fit on all our wooden tracks -LRB- of different brands -RRB- and the colors are vibrant . It 's been almost a year and they still look new - even with a toddler and baby putting them to the test .
 I have started collecting die cast robots , cars , etc. . . Over the last couple of years . As a child , I was facsinated with the Shogun Warriors . At the time , Mattel was distributing them in the USA . Recently , Bandai has re-released the robots . These are GREAT ! Great heavy in weight , detailed , and overall just cool . A must for any Japanese sci-fi fan !
 This has been one of my son 's favorite toys , I bought it for hime when he was 5 . The only downfall is that the arrows fall apart easily . The little purple things come off and then they do n't fly very far . They really need to make refill arrow packages , but I ca n't find extras anywhere . But for the price , I guess we could just buy another set !! It truly is a ton of fun and you really ca n't beat the price !
 I bought this for my 3 yr . old and he loves it . he can load the arrows and it 's easy for him to use and shoot . I also bought extra arrows just in case . He 's yet to break anything in the house with this . All he wanted for Christmas was a bow and arrow and I read tons of reviews and finally settled on this and it worked out great . It 's a good size and very sturdy so it should last as he grows .
 This is the second set we have purchased . The first set lasted over a year and then some visiting children broke it . It is not made to rough house with . It does however shoot arrows in a fun and safe way for my daughters -LRB- 5 -RRB- and -LRB- 3 -RRB- . Both girls found it easy to shoot and the arrows are completely safe . This is one of the few toys I am buying twice , because it was so fun . If you have kids that are rough on their toys I suggest that this may not be the toy for them .
 This was given to my son for his 4th birthday . We just celebrated his 5th birthday and this is still a huge hit at my house . One of my favorite parts ... my 2 year -LRB- and 4 months -RRB- old son also loves it and he can actually use it . All on his own he can put the arrow on , pull back and fire.Over Thanksgiving my nieces came to play -LRB- ranged from 3-11 -RRB- and they all loved to shoot this and their mom asked me where she could buy one.I have n't read all the other reviews to know what people do n't like about this item , but I have no complaints .
 We bought this for Christmas for our 5 year old and he and his 3 year old sister really like it . We brought it to our camp and kids aged 3-12 , along with some adults played with it . A couple of kids fought over the arrows so one broke , but I do n't blame the manufacturer . I am trying to purchase one as a present , but ca n't find any . I would purchase replacement arrows , but have n't seen any of those either . I would recommend this toy to anyone .
 I was playing with my friends and all the arrows broke but it was worth it because it was very fun . We are going to get a new one because they are very fun to play with .
 My son and I had so much fun chasing and shooting each other in turns that we got another one . So far , our bow has held up quite well . It can shoot about 30 feet with good velocity and hits with satisfying but harmless thump . Accuracy is its only problem . The arrows are easily bent which sends them spiraling of in odd directions . Luckily they are easy to bend back into shape . Very good deal for the money .
 I gave this puzzle to my grandson for Christmas and so I can not personally review this item . However , he seemed pleased with it , although I doubt that he has yet assembled the puzzle . I am very satisfied with this item as a gift .
 A MUST HAVE FOR TODDLERS LEARNING TO WRITE . MY SONS LOVE THESE . THEY STAMP AND THEN TRACE LIKE A GAME . My 3 YEAR OLD CAN WRITE HIS NAME WITHOUT TRACING NOW AND WE ONLY BOUGHT THESE STAMPS 2 MONTHS AGO .
 Great for educators , stay at home parents , home schooling parents or those who want to make math worksheets for the kiddos . Easy to use and store neatly in a plastic box that snaps closed . Can be used to make worksheets for students to trace or for math problems to be worked out . Good price , quick shipping , packaged well .
 i have tried many of these Plastic Balloon products of different companies -LRB- for some fun childish nostalgia -RRB- and these are by far the bestthey arent AS sticky , as the other brandsthey dont smell AS toxic , but still smell -LRB- and are -RRB- toxicand they make the largest bubbles with the least amount of popping/holesit 's still a very toxic somewhat messy product but this one is the best one of its kind out there *** dont accidently buy the SMALL tubes of even the same brand , i have no idea why but the small tubes of `` Bloonies '' are a far inferior product
 This is essentially a well-engineered way to learn basic helicopter functions before moving on to the far more expensive multi-channel machines . The Dragonfly -- and it 's many clones -- are basic two-channel helicopters , made to do no more than go up and down and rotate on its axis . It 's not fanciful ; looks just like a real helicopter . If you 're new at this , you 'll be busy enough just keeping it stable . Of course , the great thing about a helicopter is that it does n't need to fly forward to remain airborne -- the way an airplane does . So , learning steady control is the key.Fly outside . Do n't fly anywhere near trees or over hard surfaces -LRB- or water -RRB- . It 's too big to be flown indoors unless you 're in a gym or auditorium . But hey , you 're going to crash several times , and outdoor grass or hay softens impacts . And do n't fly in wind . The Dragonfly does n't have controls to fly forward or backward , so you 'll always be contending with annoying breezes.At your initial flight , you 'll probably have to adjust the potentiometer knob to modify the tail rotor 's effect on the main rotor 's torque . Adjust the potentiometer very carefully in increments of 1/16 '' . If you manhandle it , you 'll break the knob right off . I know , I did and it took forever to get a replacement . It 's one of the flaws in this otherwise good design.The other flaw is that the helo carries only one permanently mounted rechargeable battery-pack , providing around ten total minutes of flying time . Then the battery needs a two-hour recharge -LRB- not from your car 's cigarette lighter , either -RRB- . It 's a shame the Chinese manufacturer -LRB- s -RRB- did n't work out a system whereby two or three charged battery-packs could be easily swapped back and forth . I think it 's also a shame that this clever little machine was n't produced by an American or Japanese manufacturer.Lastly , the radio controls do not happen smoothly but in `` ranges . '' For example , when advancing the main rotor power , you 'll find that it has three ranges
 I got this for my boyfriend , but we both love to play with it . It does n't have the best control in windy weather , but on a clear day we can play with it til the battery dies . It does n't have that long of a battery life .
 cool toy ... made extremely cheap but it worked well ... dont expect to many flights . . heli was overpowered by small windsgood battery runtime only 4 aa 's to power remote
 Works good . Had to replace some stuff after a crash landing . The wind caught it . It was a little hard to find the replacement parts . The company had a name change not to long ago . It works good but you need to watch out for the wind . The higher up you take it the more wind you can get into . I would buy one for a friends birthday or something if they wanted one . It works good and is fun . We put a camera on it but you can only see if you land . That 's what I get for paying $ 40.00 for a camera . Other 's work much better . The helli is a lot of fun . Fly times not bad like 15 min . all together a good buy .
 This is a great helicopter for beginners , the only problem is that you fly it for about 10 or 15 minutes , and then u have to recharge it -LRB- takes like 3 hours , for a full charge -RRB- .
 My kids love to look at flashcards . This series has both beautiful photos and educational informational . Taken care of , these will be useful and interesting for years .
 I bought this puzzle for my mom because I knew she would love the farm stand theme and the colorful rows of homegrown and homemade goodies . She put it together , enjoyed it thoroughly and then passed it back to me to put together . It was great -- just the right size to give me several days of fun . Loved the interesting details in the artwork , and the pieces themselves were very sturdy and high quality .
 I had fun putting it together . All the different and unique foods made it interesting but the words made it too easy .
 Large size , vibrant colors , interesting pieces , and an excellent quality puzzle . Would definitely buy another White Mountain Puzzle !
 The item is made very sturdy , dicast and plastic . High quality item for true collectors , very detailed and great display stand for figure is oncluded .
 We bought this hopper ball for our son when he was 4 . He 's now 6 1/2 and still loves playing with it . His younger sister always wanted to use it , too , so she now has one . We did n't have any problem inflating it , and I do n't think we 've ever added air to it . It 's definitely a toy that has a long play life .
 I bought this product for my nephew 's third birthday . He does n't quite understand the concept of hanging on to the handle and bouncing around , but he liked sitting on it . He also liked the big picture of Scooby on the front and the cool lime green color of the rubber . This item is durable and resonably priced . All in all , I would recommend it to friends .
 First
 Finally I find stationary cases in America ! The kids go to school with these in Europe . I have family in Germany and they sent these to us when we were growing up . Now I bought them for my kids . They come with colored pencils , eraser , sharpener , ruler , and a small pocket that buttons . All items attach to the inside so everything stays put during travel . The case is enclosed with a zipper to keep things from falling out . We take them on vacation , to restaurants , etc. .
 This is a deep game that will challenge you and probably take a number of session to play well . It can be a rewarding experience , but copies are getting scarce , so I encourage you to find one if your at all interested in the 18xx genre .
 My second grade daughter was stressing out over timed tests at school , especially substraction . She gets these cards out and wants to play . The rules say to arrange the cards in equations and just `` imagine '' the plus , minus and equal signs , which is too abstract for a beginner . So I made a simple mat on a sheet of paper with places for the cards and the symbols written down like this ____ + _____ = _____ or this ____ + _____ = _____ . Three times each because the goal is to create 3 equations as fast as you can . Anyway , the homemade mat made it easier for her to play and it has really helped her confidence level .
 I picked this game up from a toy store this summer on a whim . For over a month it sat on my headboard because I did n't think my 8yo would enjoy it . We opened it up a few weeks ago , and to my surprise , she loves it ! It took a few minutes to figure out the directions , but after that , it was pretty simple . We each hurry to create an equation , and when one of us has three , we shout , `` Snap It UP ! '' Each time she gets a little faster , and is learning her addition and subtration facts better .
 This is the figure I 've been looking for . I own Super Saiyan and Super Saiyan 3 version for Goku and now my collection is complete . His eye shape is like a half of a rectangle instead of it being a ` hook shape ' . When they made the figure the red boot rope and yellow line color should have been reversed .
 This toy has survived 1 year of toddlerhood and continues to be a favorite . A great pretend-play item for your toddler .
 My daughter loves this toy ! We bought it when she was 14 months and she is now 16 months . It took her about 2 months to figure out how to make the microwave `` talk '' -LRB- the sequence of buttons -RRB- . She loves the pretend food that comes with it and walks around with the pieces all the time . I bought it because the price was too good to pass up , but found a toy that my daughter really enjoys !
 I bought this for a birthday gift for aboy . It is absolutely a huge , huge hit!He 's only had it for a couple of weeks so as for the durability only time will tell . For $ 10.00 , I 'm sure I 'd go buy him another one.His twin brothers like playing with it too , when they can get him away from it !
 My daughter got this for Christmas when she was about 18 mos old from her Aunt . I really did n't think much of it at first , but my daughter did . It has a bunch of food , although I took a couple pcs . away until she got older . The microwave lights up when cooking is done , it talks , and the tray inside spins when `` cooking '' like a real microwave . It 's been dropped on the floor , abused , and still works great . It 's played w / almost every day for more than a year now . For the price , it 's a win win . Great addition to a table top stove or sink your child already has .
 While shopping for other items , I found this online and could n't pass up putting in a review.I bought this on a whim about 2 months ago . It looked like you could n't go wrong for $ 10 bucks . I usually do n't buy cheap cause cheap does n't last . Works like a real microwave - turntable , buttons beap when pushed , beaps -LRB- and talks -RRB- when food is done.The second best part is the food . Real food . And it 's all plastic except for the animal cracker box . That 's cardboard . Why they ca n't make those and other boxed foods in plastic is beyond me , but that cardboard is gone in a day ! You get a turkey , bacon , soup , a bowl of popcorn , hotdog ... everything you 'd want to zap in the microwave . Well , except maybe the turkey.Anyway , this is one of the better toys I 've come across in a long time for $ 10 bucks .
 My son has not stopped playing with this since we brought it home . For the price , it is a great quality and works great . It has a turntable inside that turns just like the real microwaves . The accessories that come alone with it are very durable . Ca n't beat this item for the price !
 This Microwave is so much fun for your little helper . My daughter loves this . She is constantly making fun little meals for all of us . I love how realastic the lights and sounds are . The food is not the greatest quality , but the microwave makes up for that .
 Santa gave this to my 2 1/2 year old daughter . She -LRB- and all of her friends and cousins -RRB- are having a fantastic time with it . Lots of features for such an inexpensive toy ! Seems durable enough , though she 's pretty gentle with her toys . A great buy - we 're very pleased .
 I got this for my son a couple of years ago when he was 2 1/2 . He loves it and still plays with it . My friends daugher is 7 and she always wants to play with it when she comes over too . I think they like how it beeps and tells them when the soup is done . It 's a great price too .
 For the money , I would say this toy is all that.It is almost like a original real life oven and is great fun.The door can come off when rough play occurs but otherwise this is an all-around great toy .
 -LRB- ... -RRB- . I bought this toy on a whim when my son was about two , he loved it . Six months later , and he still loves it . He 's played w / it almost every day since . It comes w / lots of pretend food to `` cook '' and `` eat '' , as well as a place setting . There are 4 real timer buttons , each w / different times that accurately elapse on the liquid crystal display . One button is for a bacon setting , one for soup , and one for popcorn . The fourth button is just a general timer . After pressing one of the four timer buttons , the start button needs to be pressed for the microwave to start `` cooking '' . When start is pressed , your child will hear a woman 's voice stating the item on the timer button they pressed . A small white light inside the unit illuminates , and the turntable rotates . As the last 5 seconds elapses , you will hear beeping ; a small red light inside turns on , then off ; the turntable stops ; and the voice says `` careful , it might be hot '' , or `` bacon 's ready , '' etc. ... -LRB- ... -RRB- As far as durability goes , the oven was dropped once from about 3-4 feet onto a hard floor - the door came off , but it easily snapped back on with no evidence of permanent damage .
 My son got this 2 years ago -LRB- his was pink -RRB- and it lasted until just yesterday . Nothing broke off it simply stopped working . I have purchased this toy for 3 other children and they all played with it for hours . It ' a a great toy for a boy if you are n't into the large kitchen and you ca n't beat it for -LSB- the -RSB- $ !
 My 18-month old son loves this toy ! And what a deal at $ 10 . It is quite realistic with a timer and turntable . While the timer is counting down a green light comes on which then turns red when the food is ready . And the included foods are cute and more nutritous items than some other playsets . This really has kept his attention and helped him learn to manipulate the buttons to make the oven work .
 I bought this toy for my 2 and 5 year old girls for Christmas last year , I tried it in the store , and could n't believe how realistic it was , the food that comes with it is great too ! For the price I thought why not ! My girls love things like this!I 'm very glad I bought this toy ! My girls love it , and play with it all the time , my 2 year old even knows how to make it work , 9 months later and the toy still works as well as it did the day they opened it , and the fact that they still love it , makes me happy about my choice!This is also a very durable toy , it has been dropped many times , and my girls like to fight over who is going to get to play with it ! I may end up buying another one to save some of the arguments . It 's durable , fun , cute , and educational , you cant go wrong !
 Well , since everyone has already summed up the basics of this toy , I wo n't . I do n't usually buy cheap either . But this toy is great . Door opens and closes really well and with ease . Does n't ever feel like it 's going to fall off the hinges like a little blue washing machine I looked at.I have 3 little ones that use this . Ages 18mos , 3 , and 6 . They all love it . Even the 12 year old thought it was `` cool '' since everything works like real . Even she can have `` tea parties '' with the little ones. : -RRB- Anyway , the 18mos old has thrown it , dropped it , banged it , bumped it , and most of all , -LRB- besides of course cooking in it -RRB- it has been used for a step stool . My 3 yr old on the lighter side also uses it for a step stool quite often . My kids are usually quite gentle with their toys but for some reason , this toy gets the brunt of it . Oh Well , who cares ? It 's lasted for the last 6 months and looks like it will hold up a lot longer ! LOVE IT !
 My ds is very excited about this toy . I 'm very excited because this -LRB- and all the other toys I 've seen from `` Just Like Home '' -RRB- has actual food you can make at home - not hohos , Krispy Kreme donuts and ice cream , like most sets have.I think this toy actually encourages an interest in real cooking and real foods , and we live in an area where space is at a premium , so the small size is a necessity . It 's great ! I highly recommend it .
 We just bought this toy yesterday along with a big Little Tikes Kitchen for our 3 yr old . She has been playing with this little microwave like crazy , and only fiddled with her new kitchen ! It was well worth the $ 10 for the hours of play our daughter has already spent with it . The only drawback I can find is that the volume is a little loud , and there is no adjustment for it . But to a kid , this is a plus ! : -RRB-
 This is a great toy to add to your kitchen/play house toys . My kids really like it and its quite realistic .
 My daughter received this when she was 3 and still continues to play with this more then any other of her kitchen toys . It is such a great value and the microwave continues to work well and the voice still continues to warn her of hot plates . It is a toy that any boy or girl from ages 2-5 would LOVE . Highly recommend it !
 I purchased this for my 20 month old daughter because she loves to pretend play with tea sets , dishes and her little kitchen . She loves it . It is just like the real thing with it 's realistic turntable , light and timer . The play food is a bonus . All this for only ten dollars . An incredible toy for the money !!!
 This title is one of the longer commercially available 18xx games , but can still be rewarding . They are getting scarce , so find a copy while your able , or risk paying a premium .
 My son has had the Dinosaur Stamp Set for a little over 2-years now , and it 's been well used . The box has a label on the outside , which indicates each dinosaur , and has really come in handy for me , as I know very little about the Mesozoic Era . The only shortcoming I 've experienced with the Dinosaur Stamp Set is the worthless pencils . The pigment is so hard it does n't work . I tossed them in the trash after our first play session , and replaced them with our Crayola pencils.The stamps are nice and chunky for little hands . My son is delayed in fine motor skills , but has no trouble picking these up , and using them . He creates a landscape of plants , mountains , and rocks with markers , and then stamps , stamps , stamps . He actually prefers to color the stamps in with markers , but every now and then I notice he uses the pencils . The Dinosaur Stamp Set makes for a fun , creative time . This can be a messy activity though , so if you 're not into using Spray ` n Wash on your kids clothes , or spraying 409 on the table after play , you may want to avoid this toy .
 I have processed a variety of produce through this machine
 I was a little leary before buying because of the mixed reviews , however , when you look at other food mills they have a lot more negative comments.I processed applesauce when I first received it . Make sure the apples are cooked all the way through . Hard apples will not process.I bought the additional attachments , primarily for salsa . It processes tomatoes well , just run them through twice to get the best yield . Three times and the skins start getting pushed through the screen.The suction cup device did not work for me . I use the clamp but this limits where you can use it.It is easy to setup and cleaning is not difficult . A bottle brush helps to clean the screens.Overall , the device was worth the purchase and I am happy with it .
 I 've made applesauce with this twice and it has worked marvelously . The handle turns very easily and the sauce is free of seeds , skin , stems , etc. . The suction cup could be improved as it loses its suction from time to time . I have a concern about the longevity of the plastic debris nozzle -- I think the way it snaps on to the strainer is a bit suspect . Overall its a nice product that does its job quite well .
 We are well pleased with the service of UnbeatableSales , Inc. . Delivery was fast and the care of items was great . This juicer is perfect for our canning solutions for this summer . The body of the juicer is made of strong stainless steel . Definitely no worry of breakage on this piece . Even the handle and drive shaft with spring are made of a stong stainless steel material . The hopper , spiral -LRB- pushes the food through to the strainer -RRB- , waste funnel , squirt guard/chute are all made of plastic . But if careful attention to these items are made there should not be much worry of breakage . Easy to assemble and dissemble . The entire juicer can be anchored either by suction from the body -LRB- very conveniennt I must say -RRB- or by c-clamp -LRB- included -RRB- . Fuits are easily managed through this juicer . Even our kids enjoyed making strawberry jam . They were able to turn the crank of the juicer with ease . However , if you want to process apples and pears they should be softened before placing in the juicer .
 We 've made apple sauce , spaghetti sauce , two kinds of salsa and grape juice and we 've only had the item for a couple of weeks . What did we ever do before getting this wonder ?
 i had a bad experience with a cheaper press before i ordered this one . the handle broke off in the first ten turns , so i was feeling some trepidation when i ordered the Roma . this press is the berries . complete with slicing the tomatos it takes about twenty minutes to turn a basket of fruit into a gallon of sauce . it goes together easily and breaks down quickly for washing . i 'm not big on single-use kitchen gadgets , but before the summer is out i expect to have a freezer full of tomato sauce , so i 'll happily make a place in my cabinets for this press .
 like is said in another product im new at canning , and everything i bought in here hs worked gr8 and made canning a pleasure
 Arrived quickly and was well packaged . Appears to be the same unit that I owned 20 years ago , except my old one did n't have the suction cup mount . Is for a Christmas present , and I 'm sure she 'll love it .
 This was to replace a 25yr + old Victorio strainer . It was easy to assemble and use . Cranking mechanism is greatly improved . Love the options of using a clamp to attach to a table edge or the vacuum-type stand for a flat counter top . Threw out the plastic plunger ----- prefer the wooden one from the old strainer .
 AWESOME PRODUCT !!!! I made tomato sauce in 1/2 the time !! 5 STARS . The only BAD thing ... The BASE EDGE WAS N'T FINISHED I CUT MYSELF REALLY BAD !! My6 husband filed it off so now it 's safe to use
 Even though box was damaged item was not everything was together including instructions have n't used it yet . I used the same machine at my parents and it is great at making apple sauce .
 It worked so good I got 2 . Most of time it was used for tomato juice and salsa . After caning 168 quarts , it is still like new .
 I can tomatoes but I also like to make sauce . It is the most amazing tool . You will not be sorry you bought it .
 I ordered the Roma Food Strainer recently . I was starting a lot of canning and freezing of tomatoes , relishes and applesauce . I had finished with the tomatoes and relish before I received my order , -LRB- although it did come well within the specified time -RRB- so I only got to use it on my applesauce . I had previously been straining the cooked apples with a large sieve and a spoon -- not fun!I read the reviews both before and after ordering , so I had a few concerns regarding the Roma 's quality and functionality.I received my Roma and got to work putting it together . The assembly was n't too bad , considering my excitement and typical lack of patience . While assembling it on my 50 + year-old , pine trestle table , -LRB- which is complete with all the scars of the six children who were raised by my parents and ate at , did homework on , played cards on , worked on crafts on , and had boyfriends dig their initials into -RRB- my boyfriend flipped the locking mechanism which is meant to mount it onto a surface . It immediately firmly attached it to the beaten-up surface of the old trestle table , so I was pretty sure it would hold onto the kitchen counter without any problem . Even so I figured I 'd use the clamp for added security.Well , I cooked up my apples , let them cool a little before putting them into the plastic hopper and proceeded to process them . I was amazed how beautifully the Roma worked . It was incredibly fun ! As suggested in the reviews and the instruction manual , I ran the peelings back through a second time , not actually expecting to see much more come out of them , but was impressed that quite a bit really did.The Roma stayed attached to the older , Formica-type countertop perfectly , and I had neglected to add the c-clamp for added stability . The `` thing '' stuck like glue and never moved , rocked , slid or otherwise strayed from the spot to which I had locked it.The Roma performed exceptionally well and seemed perfectly sturdy for my needs . There was no leakage from where the handle attaches to the device and the sauce was channelled nicely down the chute to be caught in a bowl . I have no issue with any of the plastic parts , as only those parts that do not need to be particularly rugged are made of plastic.I give the Roma Food Strainer a HUGE thumbs up !! I would recommend it to anyone who does home canning and/or freezing of fruits and vegetables .
 I 'm new at canning.My girl has done it before and we both think this is a wonderful gadget . We have used it on tomatoes with very little waste . We have pumpkin and squash to do next.We also got the four piece accessory kit .
 Worked awesome . For the price can not be beat . Grew up using food mill with mom . Was not a roma but did not want to pay the price of the one she has and this worked great . I can see the shaft seal needs to be lubricated often so does not get damaged . As per instructions I used vegetable oil but i think next time I will use plumbing grade silicon . Is safe for drinking water faucet gaskets so would work perfect for this application . Overall great product . I would recommended purchasing the kit with all strainers and augurs if you plan on using it for anything other than apple sauce or tomato sauce . Much cheaper that way .
 This product works well but I find that it is difficult to keep in place when using . Even with the clamp fastened , I found that the strainer would move around on me . I tried putting a towel down and even a rubber mat underneath the strainer and clamp but it still managed to loosen and move . It 's a little tricky to hold the unit , turn the handle and also push the items through at the top . Might be better if you have someone to help . Also , when working with fresh quartered tomatoes , it 's a little bit difficult to crank through the first time . I found that if you drop the tomatoes into boiling water for a few seconds , it will help to soften them which helps them pass through the strainer a little easier .
 After reading many reviews on the product I decided to purchase a Roma Food Strainer . I was hoping to can about 100 quarts of tomatoes from my garden and was dreading processing all of them manually.I was a little hesitant to purchase it because I feared that it was going to be very poor quality based upon the low price . When I opened the box I was pleased to see that some of the parts were metal . I did see some of the parts were plastic but they seemed to be well made . I was anxious to try out the strainer but had to wait about a month for the first tomatoes to ripen.I was very surprised how well the machine worked ! It was amazing . The first time I used it I only had about 20 tomatoes to run through it but at at least gave me a chance to try it out . About a week later I had my first sizable batch of tomatoes to process . I was amazed at how much faster it was to prepare tomatoes for canning.Over the next few weeks I was having fun using this strainer and just kept going on canning tomatoes . When I finally got tired to canning tomatoes I had canned 145 quarts ! I cleaned the strainer up extra good thinking that I was done with it for the year.A couple of weeks later I suddenly got the urge to make applesauce . I researched it on the internet and thought it did not sound too difficult . I bought about 10 lbs of apples from the grocery store and made some amazing applesauce . The Roma strainer worked great for this . I decided I wanted to make enough to last at least a year . I went to a u-pick apple orchard and picked 220lbs of apples ! Over the next 1 1/2 days I made and canned 50 quarts of applesauce.I will be buying the accessory kit -LRB- maybe ask for it as a Christmas gift -RRB- . I am anxious to try processing marrion berries with it next spring.One word of advice for anyone using this machine . Do not push the food into it very fast with the plunger . As soon as you start pushing too hard it will work the machine too hard and can come apart . As long as you do n't push it too hard it works great . Remember after all that it only costs $ 45 . I am also considering adding the optional electric motor.I highly recommend this machine to anyone . I have told many co-works and family members about this machine . Some are going to purchase one before next season . 5 stars and 2 thumbs up .
 The strainer works great ! Very little waste . My only complaint is that the salsa screen leaves the chunks too small for my salsa preference .
 Bad points - suction cup on base loses grip after 5 minutes . Clamp works ok but does n't have a deep enough throat , and mine did n't have a washer fitted on the end of the screw thread -LRB- like the pictures seem to show -RRB- . Good points - works very well - tried it on blackberries and tomatoes using the standard screen and it was very effective . Putting the pulp through twice is worth doing and involves very little extra effort.Not really worth using for small quantities as the setting up and cleaning up takes some time , but having said that it is n't difficult to clean - just a quick swill out in a bowl of water.Overall , well worth buying .
 Other people 's accounts of making gallons of apple sauce impressed me , they raved about how easy it was to process enough apples and tomatoes for the extended family in next to no time using the Roma strainer . I liked that the skins and rubbish came out separately , you did n't have to keep stopping and clearing out the debris the way you have to with the most common baby-food puree mill . Postage to New Zealand was a shocker but with buckets and basins of apples that would otherwise go to waste , and trees that would be producing even more in future years ... . And the gadget looked good and solid . So I ordered one , just the basic model , no extras.I could n't be more impressed ! As with anything there was a bit of learning - cooking the apples just right so they were not too sloppy , not too hard . I put the skins through a second time , this time what came out was less liquid and more pulp . Just to see what would happen I put them through a third time and by then , when they came out into the `` rejects '' dish , they were down to such a small amount it was obvious that there was a huge saving compared with peeling and coring the fruit and then mashing it . Not that it matters when there is a lot of surplus fruit but for anyone who had to buy it and did n't want to have to throw away more than the bare minimum it might be worth considering.Out of pure curiosity I took a bag of raspberries , dating back a year or 3 , out of the mystery-parcel section of the deep freezer and put them through . I had n't bought the fine mesh seed strainer so would anything be strained out ? Well , yes ! The berries were not completely thawed when I impatiently started , so there was more waste than I had expected . Again I put it through a couple of times and ended up with a very seedy little pile of debris for the chickens and big bowl of mainly juice for me . It 's now `` Raspberry Jam for People with False Teeth '' made with an equal volume of sugar , a sour apple cooked and mushed for its pectin and a small lemon 's juice and the white pith scraped from the inside layer of the skin , also high in pectin because raspberry jam tends to be reluctant to set . There were a very few small seeds in the finished product , maybe five tiny specks per jar . Just enough to remind people with false teeth that life was n't meant to be perfect . An interesting experiment.The apple puree I made so far has become fruit leather which takes up very little room.The Roma is not hard to clean , that 's another good thing . You know how some gadgets are great but cleaning them afterwards is such a tedious job you end up not using them ? This one is well designed , clean-up is quick . I gather from the company 's material that parts are readily available . The plastic parts seem strong and made of good quality plastic but accidents do happen and it is reassuring to know that if one thing gets damaged it is not a matter of either throwing the whole thing out or having to send it away for expensive repairs , especially when one lives this far away!I am absolutely delighted with the Roma Food and Vege strainer and have no hesitation in recommending it .
 I canned 250 # of Roma tomatoes last fall with this and it powered through it great . For such big batches , I 'd maybe think about using a stand mixer , but this works so well I 'll just take the workout.I pretty much ran the discarded pulp through twice . There 's some waste there it 's probably worth the effort.It attaches to the counter well . The hopper is pretty good sized . It does n't leak , which is a major concern for me . Just do n't force things with the masher tool thing.There are a lot of parts and cleanup is a bit of a pain , so I would n't use this unless doing some major processing . Likely it will sit in storage until tomato time . The strainers I think are stainless so , they can go in the dishwasher fine . Not sure the actual body can . It looks like chrome metal.FWIW , the canned tomatoes make great pasta sauce , salsa , and chili . I doubt we 'll go back to store can tomatoes again .
 With an abundance of tomatoes this makes it so easy . The large hopper is easy to fill , it 's easier to remove some of the liquid at the start of the process which cuts down on the simmer down time.I would recommend this to anyone wanting to use up a lot of tomatoes .
 This is a great product for anyone putting up tomatoes.It takes out all the seeds and skin and is easy to attach to any smooth surface.Really easy to assemble and disassemble for cleaning.Have not used it on anything but tomatoes but I 'm pretty sure it would work great on anything with seeds .
 It works great and is easy to use . I used it to strain tomatoes to make tomato soup . I loved it .
 My Roma tomato juicer is wonderful . I made the most beautiful tomato juice with it . After the pulp settled , the clear part is the clearest I have ever seen in all my years of canning tomato juice . I love it !
 This is the best thing ever . After reading other reviews , I made sure I had the food mill firmly attached to the table , and that it was properly assembled , so no leaks . The grand kids were fascinated by how it worked , so I had a good supply of crank turners . It is such a time saver , and cleaning it was easy.Canned lots of tomato juice for use as spaghetti , chili , jambalaya etc. . Looking forward to making our own salsa with fresh garden tomatoes and peppers . I would recommend this product to everyone who cans tomatoes .
 I WAS LOOKING FOR AN EASIER WAY TO MAKE TOMATOE JUICE THAN COOKING AND SQUEEZING.When I saw the Roma Food Strainer and Sauce Maker I thought it was just what I needed . It looked simple and the price was so reasonable , I ordered it . It was so much better than what I expected . So easy to assemble , so easy to use , did a wonderful job , and a snap to clean . I had a friend over while I was using the Food Strainer and let him try it . He went straight home and ordered him one . HE LOVES IT AS MUCH AS I DO , AND WE BOTH HAVE TOLD SEVERAL PEOPLE ABOUT IT . The Roma Food Strainer has cut my juice making work down by at least 80 % . I recomend it to anybody that makes juice .
 Finally had evough tomatoes to use it and it works great had to run the stuff through several times to get all the liquid out of the tomatos but beats doing it by hand
 This product has made making my own tomato sauces from scratch easier and less time consuming . There is a little bit of assembly required , however , it still saves time . I have used it to make jelly and it was wonderful . The clean up is easy . I have had no problems with it at all . I would recommend this product to anyone !
 It 's made my tomato canning so much easier , it separates the seeds , and skin from the tomato . I also use it for making baby food for my little one . I do n't know how I ever got along without it . I highly recommend this product .
 Used this product for making lots of applesauce . It works great ! Need to put peelings in twice to thicken applesauce .
 The Roma Food Strainer is a great tool for making sauces and salsas . No pealing of tomatoes or apples ahead of time . Large feeder makes for less filling and the different size strainers gives you a choice on how larger or small the pieces . Highly recommend it for canning or jellying .
 I 've been using this strainer for my current cherry tomato crop -LRB- as usual , I planted way too many -RRB- , and it has made short work of squishing the pulp out while separating the skins and seeds . I simply wash the tomatoes and dump them in . The only reason I give less than 5 starts is that the suction on the bottom kept releasing periodically , even when I tried sending fewer tomatoes through . I tried dampening the bottom , which helped , but it still eventually lost its grip . Also , the plastic gasket that is supposed to keep tomato guts from squeezing out the top of the screen -LRB- top as in end closest to strainer body -RRB- does n't fit well -LRB- at least in mine -RRB- , and wo n't stay in the machine . This does n't seem to make much difference , however , as long as you have everything on tight.Overall , it was a good purchase .
 We had a similar unit that was around 20 years old . Every time we used it would leak all over the kitchen floor making it a real pain to clean up afterwards . This New model is leak proof and is a real joy to use . It is very easy to setup and very easy to clean . The juice goes where it should and the compressed leftovers go thru a long tube away from the pount of operation so processing is easy . This product makes canning a job we look forward to doing in the fall . Highly recommended !!!
 This is a great affordable alternative to the more pricey original , Squeezo . So easy to use my 2 year old turns the crank . I find myself looking for more things to crush in my new Roma sauce maker/juice maker . So far we have made tomato sauce and juice , apple sauce , mango sauce , and peach sauce . The kids love that they can make and eat there own treat . Plus , no added sugars and no preservatives . I wish I had this to make baby food when my kids were infants.It is as simple as wash your fruit and veggies and drop them in . I cut them in quarters and drop them in the hopper . later I only cut them in half to test the true ability of the processing power . Not a problem for this machine . The hopper by the way is huge.Also ordered the 4 piece accessory strainer kit and motor . Awaiting their arrival . The motor is not really needed especially if you have willing children to crank while you load the hopper . I was thinking ahead though envisioning a huge tomato/salsa garden for next year.Bought the Roma sauce maker and 4 piece accessory kit separately which was $ 20.00 cheaper than the buy together offers . So do your price research and save.Just FYI for estimates sake
 Used this for the first time today . Usually takes forever to make sauce between boiling , deseeding , cooking etc. . All we did with this was wash the tomatoes -LRB- large cherry/small roma size -RRB- and drop them in ! Awesome , cut a half day project into about 30 min . We also got the accessory pack . Made some salsa , but would recommend de-seeding first . Salsa attachment would be good for kind of a diced tomato sauce for things like chili . I 'm going to get one of these for my stepmom for christmas it worked so great !
 Ok , so maybe not minced meat , but it makes juice out of tomatoes ... The first batch we did through the strainer was using a recipe from Alton Brown where you seasoned and baked the tomatoes in the oven for a few hours to get rid of some of the juices -LRB- we were going to make sauce -RRB- and then you mill them . Well , as far as milling goes , it was super easy and it spit the skins and most seeds out the end , while shooting the juice and pulp down the white chute . Do n't expect to get a thick sauce or past just from milling the tomatoes , that usually takes time cooking off the excess liquid in a pot -LRB- at which time , you could season the sauce if you wanted -RRB- . This made quick work of the 20 lbs or so of tomatoes we had to mill and with little mess . The only mess I really had was the juice was running out the right side of the mill by the handle , and I could n't understand why ... This just did n't make sense to me ... Everything I read said this was basically a mess free mill . Well , after milling was done , and I was taking it apart to clean it , I noticed the rubber O ring around where the handle inserts into the mill was broken . So , this prevented the handle from being water -LRB- or Juice -RRB- proof , allowing some of the tomato juices to back-flow through the handle.I found the suction cup to be sufficient while milling our first batch . The next couple of batches we did , we did n't even blanch the tomatoes , just to see how things worked . Turns out , things worked just as well , and we did n't have to spend an extra 30 minutes - 1 hour prepping the tomatoes . We just cut off bad spots -LRB- and pulled off the stems -RRB- and broke the skin of the tomatoes -LRB- even cutting the bigger ones in halves/quarters -RRB- and pushed them through . There were a few times when I thought we would loose suction , but it did n't ... it held up well.The only complaint I have -LRB- aside from the broken O ring =\ -RRB- is that I wish it had some type of scraper on the outside of the mesh cone to scrape the pulp off as it goes . But since , the way it works is the red plastic cork screw type thing pushes the tomatoes through the mill , with the space between the cork screw and the screen getting smaller and smaller as it goes until the skins are pushed out the end ... It would be difficult to have something on the outside to spin along scraping at the same time ... I think the optional motor would be heavenly , allowing you to cut and load while it presses and would save loads of time ... I did run the `` discarded '' skins and such a few times , just to make sure I got EVERYTHING , but it still was a huge time saver .
 I 'm very pleased with my Roma food mill . Peeling and seeding tomatoes for sauce , especially with the really small Romas I tend to get from my garden , just took forever ! Now I rinse them , cut them in half , throw them in the hopper and minutes later I 'm done ! I do run the discards through a second time , does n't take long and you get a lot more pulp than you 'd think on the second go-round . I like that the hopper is so large , it 's very easy to use , the one drawback is that it 's a bit hard to store . I 've been putting everything back in the original box and sometimes it 's a puzzle to fit it all in.Suction cup did n't work for me either . Clamp worked well though.There 's a gap between the back of the machine and where the rotating part fits in which lets food just sit there without being pulled through the mill . Not sure if there 's a design reason for that or if it 's just my machine , but it 's a bit of a hassle to reach into that narrow space to fish out the bits and get them moving along.The screen cleans up quickly with a bottle brush.It 's not something I 'd pull out for a handful of tomatoes , or a handful of anything really , but for processing big batches it 's wonderful .
 I think the title of my review just about says it all , but I 'm happy to give some specifics.I purchased the Roma Food Strainer after reading reviews , good and bad . It appeared to be exactly what I needed , as I 've spent the last 25 years processing several hundred pounds of tomatoes annually , using the long , hot method of blanching , ice bathing , peeling , and milling my San Marzano beauties . Of course , everyone who has ever canned during the summer knows that it 's always the hottest days of the year when your crops ripen , and boiling pots of water are the last thing you want to be slaving over . The Roma strainer completely eliminates that step , and I could n't be more thrilled . From garden to sink for a quick wash , an easy slice down the middle of each tomato just to make sure there are no bad spots inside ; then , into the hopper , processed through , and voil&agrave; ! Ready for canning or cooking!Now , onto the strainer itself.My biggest concern when purchasing were the comments made about the loss of suction on the base . I have used the mill for over a week now , and removed it from my counter top -LRB- granite -RRB- , and reattached at least a dozen times . I 've knocked on wood as many times , in hope that it will continue to function , and so far , so good . Houston , we have suction ! The mill assembles and disassembles easily , and is easy enough to clean.The only negative that I can find , and it 's easily overcome , is the quality/durability of the plastic cup that attaches to the end of the strainer assembly . I 'm worried that with repeated removal and reattachment that it might eventually crack , so I 've opted to leave it on permanently.A couple of tips worth re-mentioning
 The week leading up to my purchase , I began processing the windfall pears from our tree into pear butter . To sauce the pears I softened them on the stove and then used a chinois and pestle . The going was slow and it took me all week for about 1.5 bushels . In fact I had to sauce on one day and then cook down/can the next and my arms were so tired from mushing pears through the strainer I could barely lift them.Although I was just about done with pears , I ordered the Roma ... and good thing too , because my Mother in law purchased 1.5 bushels of tomatoes for sauce on the day it arrived from Amazon . Admittedly , I was a little nervous that the Roma would fail me in some way and that I 'd have to pull the chinois out to finish , but my fears were unfounded.When it came down to it , I was able to sauce 1/2 bushel of tomatoes into sauce in less than an hour and the reason it took so long is because sorting and washing took me a while . The kids were having so much fun cranking out sauce that they were saucing the tomatoes faster than I could trim bad spots off the tomatoes.My experience was that I got a lot of juice the first time through the machine , but if I sent the tomato skins and seeds through again , I got a lot of thick pulp . If I cranked them through a 3rd time , I had nearly dry skins/seeds coming out the end and the last bit of pulp . Reprocessing the skins was really fast too ... Just a few cranks and they were all through.Pushing the tomatoes through , was easy too , but even easier if the hopper was n't over full . I also had some leaks around the edges , but only if the kids were pushing harder than needed . If they pushed just to get the tomato started on the auger , all was perfect . If they were after squishy noises and the occasional squirt of seeds , then we might get a little juice where we did n't want it to be.Clean up was easy too . I was sure not to let any of the pulp dry on the machine , and everything came clean in a snap . Right now I 'm even excited about the rest of the pears and the 2 apple trees I have n't done anything with yet . I could probably make another couple dozen pints of pear or apple sauce tomorrow if I feel inclined .
 I love it . Now I dont know how many of you have made tomato sauce for days unend -LRB- over 350 qts -RRB- and had to use the old food mill for getting rid of the skins and then some of the seeds always ended up in the sauce . Well No more . No seeds , no peelings and sauce ... tons of sauce . This machine takes at least 1/4 the time to run tomatoes through and is effortless . Did I mention that you dont need to cook the tomatoes before you run them through the machine ? I loved it so much that I have purchased 3 for gifts for family and friends . We all love our machine . Whether we are processing apples for apple sauce or more tomatoes , it does an awesome job , saves time , has less waste and stays in place . I could n't ask for anything more . I would and have recommended this to any and everyone .
 If you want to can fruits of veggies this is a huge time saver . I use it along with my steam juicer , my grandma would be envious !
 We make sauces as a family and this is something the girls -LRB- 6 and 9 -RRB- love to do . They take turns on the handle as I cook and scoop into the hopper . It makes for a great afternoon ! For apple sauce it ca n't be beat !
 I used this to make my daughter 's baby food . Was easy to put together and easy to clean up . Great purchase !
 unbelievable ! This saved us so much time with our tomato harvest . Truly made quick work of those tomatoes . I was able to run through a batch , then run through the ` discard bowl ' a few more times to truly capture all useable parts of the fruit . The only thing that concerns me is the plastic cone . . I hope it is built to last !
 Made canning much less labor intensive , used in conjunction with all other items purchased to combine into much less painful canning ... loving it .
 Have not had a problem as of yet , fairly easy to set up and clean . I have had it a few months now and it 's made my canning so much easier .
 This product looks great . we unpacked it and everything seems in order . I did not use it yet though . I would recommend this to all my friends who do home canning .
 We used this to seed tomatoes and berries , with the accessory kit , and it did a good job . When you buy , also get the kit as it makes it more useful , and the tomato screw , that 's the one we used the most . .
 After years of using aunt 's my aunts ancient strainer to make Tomato sauce and soups I finally bought my own . The Roma works like a champ , sturdy construction , and the plastic did n't stain even though I was processing Tomatoes for 6 hours.two thumbs up !
 After all these years of gardening and canning , I ca n't believe I did n't purchase one of these years ago ! I used the food mill in making homemade pear sauce and preparing other fruits for turning into my homemade wine . This is absolutely one of those items that a serious gardener/canner ca n't live without ! I have many more uses for this food mill but have n't gotten to those yet .
 This item is of value if you make jellies , apple butter , or salsa . I purchased the motor and the additional strainers .
 Do n't spend all your time peeling and cooking tomatoes before putting thru the old food mills for juice . Get yourself the Roma Food Strainer and enjoy canning . I have been canning for over 30 yrs . and this is the best thing for making short work of canning . When moving I lost my other strainer and had to purchase a new one . The strainer is easy to use and break down for cleaning . For canning juice wash and cut your tomatoes into quarters and put thru the strainer and out comes your juice seed and skin free ready to cook down . This year my son started to can and I bought him a Roma Strainer ... I have also recommended the strainer to many family members and friends . My old strainer did n't have the suction cup for the counter and only had the clamp which limits where you can put the it to use . I have used just the suction cup and have not had any problems with it not holding . I am very happy with my Roma Strainer . Also do n't forget to get the extra screens for making great salsa .
 Arrived within 2 days of purchase , which was great ! Item was exactly what I was looking for . Everything came as described and it works great .
 If you are a canner this product is a real time saver . Five Stars ! Multi-tasking women -LRB- and men -RRB- will find incredible productivity with it !
 I RECEIVED MY ROMA FOOD MILL JUST AS WE WERE READY TO PICK OUR GRAPES , I ALSO BOUGHT THE 4 PIECE ASSC . KIT SO THAT I WOULD BE ABLE TO DO ALL KINDS OF FRUIT , AND VEGGIES.SO FAR IT HAS SAVE ME A LOT OF TIME , AND WORKS PRETTY WELL . I ALSO TRIED IT ON PERSIMMONS AND THE SEEDS ARE JUST TOO BIG , MADE A MESS.LOOKING FORWARD TO APPLE SEASON , WILL TRY MY HAND AT MAKING APPLESAUCE WITH IT.I WOULD SAY IT WAS A GOOD INVESTMENT , SAVES YOU TIME IN THE KITCHEN .
 We had a little trouble figuring out how to put together , but once we got it it was simple -- it was wonderful -- it skinned and seeded tomatoes for canning like a dream -- could n't believe how simple -- no more boiling water and skinning by hand for me -- ca n't wait to try the other attachments that we bought with it !!!!
 I bought this to can homemade salsa . Lots of salsa . This cut my work in halve . No more blanching , peeling , choppping . Just wash , cut out any bad spots and crank away . I do run my peelings thru twice to get the good out . Took less than 30mins to prepare close to a half bushel from setup to having ready to cookdown . I did notice if you are using the salsa screen from the accesory 4 pack you need to remove stems also . With the bigger holes it allowed a few to get thru.No problems with the suction and not hard to crank at all . My 5 yr old was my motor this time . My 2yr old was also able to crank .
 I purchased this along with the extra set of attachments , and so far have just used for making Blackberry jams and syrups . Trying to get the seeds out of blackberries with a chinois is pretty labor intensive , so I decided to purchase this -LRB- because I almost broke my Kitchenaid using the food grinder when the blackberries started to jam it , pun not intended -RRB- . Overall , very happy with this , it does a great job , but be careful with the gaskets , because it is really , really easy to lose these in all of the cleanup.Haven ' t tried for tomatoes , since I use the Kitchenaid food grinder for them without issue .
 Most amazing product I have ever bought , We went through the tomatoes so fast . I recommend this product to everyone . I 'm even going to buy one for my daugter for christmas .
 I really debated on which food mill to get and am happy with this one . I like the stand feature instead of having to clamp on to a countertop . The downfall is you still need two people to operate it . One has to hold the stand while the other cranks and pushes the food in with the stopper . I created a lot of great looking tomato sauce ! The one major flaw is for whatever reason juice leakes out of the handle when you are turning it . I really makes for a mess but is still worth the time savings .
 does great job with tomatoes . have not tried other screens that were purchased.only fault is suction base does not make a solid seal . would have rated 5 stars but for suction base.clamp does the job of holding strainer .
 Love the Roma !!! Pretty much same review as the others . It 's so easy to clean and easy assembly/taking apart . The suction cup is horrible unless put on porcelain where it works amazingly ! We send our tomatoes and whatever else through about 4 times to fully get all the juice out . Soooo quick and easy !
 I used this for the first time to make tomato puree for processing into tomato paste . It worked well . I had a little leak back through the handle but it was no big deal . The waste funnel has two small plastic clips which looked like they may snap if the funnel is taken on and off a lot . To solve this we left it on and had no problems cleaning it together . I called the manufacturer and ordered 3 more of these to put on the other graters.I noticed a reviewer said that parts were unavailable but I found this not to be the case . The lady who took my order was very friendly and helpful and said parts are always available.When processing tomatoes for paste I used to cook them until soft , run them in the blender until liquefied , then put them through a food mill . With this new tool I take out the first two steps so it is very convenient . It also took a lot less time than the Foley food mill.I would have given it 5 stars but it did seem a bit light weight , however for the price it was appropriate .
 My husband wanted this food mill for making apple butter . He 's getting into canning and found this item . It worked wonderfully for mushing up the apples .
 Made the process of canning tomatoes so much faster ! The plastic parts do n't feel sturdy enough but did the job . Guess that is a good trade off to keep the price reasonable . Worthwhile !
 We tested this device with several kinds of tomatoes . It works with all types , but works best with Roma tomatoes . The reason is that the more water content , the more this device sprays water and obviously the end product is thinner and will need to be reduced . My beef with the device is that there are a couple of sections of it that are plastic and not very sturdy . They snap together and that always scares me in the assembly and de-assembly phase -LRB- for washing -RRB- . We decided to leave some of the parts together for that reason - in particular the screen and waste funnel . The other issue I had was that the Squirt guard was not quite large enough and did not fit close enough to the press end of the device causing leakage that was not captured . We opted to push the guard as close to the press as possible -LRB- even though that meant that it could n't connect properly with the Screen . Then I made an aluminum foil extension for the guard to collect the squirts that were not captured . The suction cup holder worked okay , but did not keep the vacumm indefinitely on our granite countertops - but it was adequate for varying lengths of time.All in all , a very well designed product and it operates quite easily . I would recommend this to anyone that is looking for a skin and seed remover for tomatoes . There are other attachments for other fruits , but we did not purchase them .
 Wanted a strainer for elderberries that I gather from the wild.They are labor intensive and have a very tiny seed.I use the juice and pulp in wine and tea as health tonic.The strainer has enabled me to prepare large quantities.Prior to this I was straining by hand through a mesh strainer.The Roma strainer works great.I have n't used it on tomatoes or squash , etc.but expect it will function well . It cleans up o.k.
 I found the product to be easily put together , and easy to use . We have used it on tomatoes and apples and we love it . What a time saver .
 This item works great ! I am very happy with it . The delivery was prompt and the product arrived in excellent condition and works as well or better than advertised . I am totally satisfied with my purchase .
 My husbands garden did so well this summer-we just could n't let all those wonderful tomatoes go to waste . We used the Roma Food/Vegatable Strainer to juice all those lovely red ripe fruits and canned jars and jars of sauce , ketchup , and tomato juice for the winter ahead . The Roma worked very well and made quick work of skinning and straining the tomatoes . It was easy to use , stayed where I put it with the suction on the counter , and the skins and juice separated nicely . The design makes it easy to place a large bowl to collect the juice and pulp and the skins and seeds dropped over the edge of the sink into the conpost bucket . I would recommend this for anyone who wants to preserve the harvest . We are looking forward to next spring and starting early with berries for jelly and using it all year long .
 I was n't sure about the cost of this item , but wow has it paid for itself many times over ! My suction cup does n't hold very well either , however mine also came with a vice attachment that I use along with the suction cup . I found it works better on my dining table than on my counter top . I use this to make FAST and easy applesauce , pear sauce , really simple strawberry jelly -LRB- family hates the seeds in strawberry jam so this does the trick ! -RRB- , and everything that needs tomato sauce . It takes me no time to put together spaghetti sauce or enchilada sauce when canning season hits . And anything to make canning easier is great in my book ! I ca n't say enough good about it . I 've never had a problem with clean up . And my kids really enjoy getting to use this tool in our canning process . The only thing it lacks is a little better suction to hold to the counter or table , but with the vice attachment it is n't a problem . : -RRB-
 This works really well ! It takes a bit of power to turn the handle . Other than that it 's perfect ...
 I 've owned a few SafeTGard Adult Athletic Supporter Jockstraps for the past couple of years and this is definitely my favorite compared to other brands . I 'm a big guy , and the XXL fits perfectly . The material is comfortable , and keeps everything in place where it should be . When I receive them new , I always wash it once before I wear them because out of the box they are a bit stiff . After playing football , wrestling , and rugby for over 10 years wearing all different brands of jockstraps , this is the most comfortable jockstrap i 've ever worn .
 These are very comfortable , the fabirc is soft , yet keeps everything where it is supposed to be . Great support ! What more could you ask for in a jock strap ?
 I 'm not very athletic , so I 've never worn one of these before . But I got some surgery done and I have to wear one for a couple weeks . This one looked to be what I needed at a reasonable cost . Like another review stated , there are some loose threads that pop up every time I wash it . Do n't know how long it 'll last , but I do n't plan on wearing it much longer . The material has a very open weave . This can lead to occasional snags . Even after several washings the material is still a little scratchy . The waste band is nice . It does n't roll or bunch up . Overall it does it 's job , I just wish it was a little softer .
 I ` ve purchased several supporters from different stores that said they fit a 42 inch waist that were so tight that the band cut you in half . This brand of supporter fits snug but does n`t cut off your breathing as the others . The only con I have is that they say it ` s preshrunk but I recommend you hand wash it . I washed mine in my washer with my other clothes and it seemed to shrink some.Again I highly recommend this supporter and will order more than one the next time .
 While I ordered these a size larger than normal -LRB- based upon past experience with supporters -RRB- these are true to size . The one I purchased is too large , but I have no one to blame but myself . The material is comfortable , and am ordering one in the correct size . Gave 5 starts because of the quality of the material , sewing , and price .
 The supporter wears and fits well . but when i wash it the threading seems to be breaking down . Not sure how else to explain the thread and strings of thread hanging off of the item .
 Been wearing SafeTGard instead of briefs since some 8 years ago and would n't wear other jock , or briefs for that matter ! They fit perfectly , they 're cool , specially here in the tropics ...
 NIce feel and have held up well with usage . I do n't know what else to say , I 'm just filling up space because you have to write a minimum amount of words to complete this rating ! LOL !
 It 's not easy to find comfortable underwear , let alone a jock strap , if you 're a big guy or just not built like the models they use to advertise these types of things . Usually a jock is more comfortable for me than anything else , but most of them still are n't `` just right . '' I bought one of these just to try , and WOW best underwear I 've ever owned ! It keeps things where they need to be , does n't bind , pinch , or move around on you , the sizing is perfect , and looks sexy on top of all that -LRB- c'mon guys , we like to look sexy just like the ladies do - do n't deny it ! -RRB- . I loved it so much I came back and more -LRB- eight total -RRB- , and they 're my new daily underwear . Please do n't ever change how you make these , otherwise I may have to go commando ! The price is also unbeatable . I had the same problem some other reviewers gave where after the first two washings I saw a few rubber strands come out , but even if these only last me a year or so I 'm pleased given how inexpensive they are . Since I wear these every day as underwear , I do n't expect them to last forever anyway .
 Color option is nice . Very comfortable . Doesnt constrict like others Ive used . Great if you looking for support and less constriction overall
 Fits like the package sizing says , supports while on my biking and sporting events . I even returned a previous package because I thought I had lost more weight than I really did and they exchanged quickly and without issue . I did n't even have to pay shipping . Great !!
 wear them all the time and these are so comfortable and quite reasonably priced . they arrived on time and they wash and wear wonderfully . thanks .
 This product does just what it 's supposed to.The only downside is that the waist band is sometimes a little rough for extended wear .
 Thank you for sending this product , they are just what the docotor order and they fit very comfortable
 I use this for tabletop miniatures and this is the best stuff to use to replicate the best looking snow . Games Workshop snow does n't event compare to this . I mix a little bit of water and glue with the snow and dab it on the surface to get any kind of snow I want . You can make a thin layer of snow , a heavy thick looking crunchy snow or anything in between . For the amount you get for the price , it 's the best out there .
 All my son -LRB- 11 mos -RRB- wants to do is walk but he ca n't quite do it by himself yet . We got this walking toy so that I did n't have to spend my days hunched over holding his hands as he toddled around the house . Since he is still learning to walk most walking toys we tried just slipped out from under him but this one is STABLE and SLOW , just right for a learner.My son 's walking has become much more confident and stable since we bought this walker . He can easily push & turn all around the wood floors -LRB- and some carpet -RRB- in our house.The toy portion is n't very exciting -LRB- my son mostly puts things in the mail slots and then takes them out -RRB- but walking is the most exciting activity for him right now.My friend 's little boy -LRB- 9 mos , larger & stronger than average 9 mo old -RRB- sat and played with the walker and the first thing he did was pull the doors off but it did n't seem to pose a hazard . He also enjoyed spinning the rotating piece .
 This was a great walking toy for my 11 month old granddaughter . She loves the bright colors and the mail toys are great for teething .
 We got this walker for our daughter when she was about 9 months old because she was starting to cruise around things and we thought maybe a walker would be fun . There was more assembly than we had expected , not difficult but it was not out of the box ready . We discovered quickly that mail carrier was not in this walkers future . The doors have not been on it since the first week . They come off so easily that our daughter rips them off whenever she sees them . She likes to put her dolls in the walker and push it around like a stroller . -LRB- she is now a year old -RRB- I like the feature that lets you put the wheels away , it works well for controlling out of control older siblings . The only warning I have is that the wheels are slick on hardwood floors for little ones that are not sturdy on their feet yet . I looked around though and could n't find one that was good on hardwood anyway . Overall this toy has been played with off and on and has held up very well .
 I purchased this for my one year old for his birthday . He has been cruising for a while , and pushing other -LRB- less safe -RRB- items around the house that can tip over and hurt him , so I needed a walker more than an entertainment center . That said , this is what we really like : * Adjustable wheel tension * We have hard floors so I needed something that would n't roll out from under him * No battery operated noises and lights * We use up enough batteries as it is on the two older boys ' toys * Sturdy as a walker * It 's a nice sturdy little walker and folds up kind of flat if you have limited toy storage.I will agree with those who said the doors on the front are a bit useless , as they do come off easily , but I do n't find that particularly problematic for us . In fact , the squirt has already -LRB- in less than a day -RRB- figured out how to put them back on!If you find the little sliding toys do n't slide well , you just need to have the screws loosened a little to provide easier sliding . If they are tightened all the way down they wo n't move . The kind of receptacle for the screw * should n't * allow them to get so loose they fall out , but would n't hurt to check them periodically even if you do tighten them down hard , as the bee can twist and turn and the screw on that particular piece may loosen over time.We do also have a convertible ride on toy , but it is too large for inside with now three children roaming the floors , so this is perfect for now when he needs it .
 As the Grandmom of 1 year old triplet girls , this is a great product . The girls are just learning to walk and are fascinated with the Activity Walker . The width gives them stability . The tension on the wheels is adjustable so they do n't go flying across the floor . The removable doors are entertaining off the walker as well as on .
 I bought this walker for my son when he was 9 months . It was much less expensive than the other walkers , and I liked that it had a wide track and wheel speed control . I was initially very disappointed . Like the other reviewers I could n't believe how easily the mailbox slots fall off . We had the toy home and assembled for 10 minutes and the bottom mailbox fell off and our dog chewed it up . Even with the wheels on the slowest setting the walker would go too fast for my son to keep up , and it skids on all surfaces even though it claims to have wheels that grip.HOWEVER , my son LOVES this toy , and loves to pull of the mail slot and play with the plastic envelopes . Now at 10 months he can pull himself up easily on it without tipping it onto himself and can cruise around the house pushing it . He likes to put his stuffed animals in the mail slot area and give them rides . I 'm so glad I did n't get rid of it right away which was my first instinct , because this is his current favorite .
 Since she learned to walk at 10.5 months , this has been my daughter 's constant companion -LRB- she 's still using it at 13 months , in different ways -RRB- . We had another similar item -LRB- stride to ride -RRB- but this has been the clear winner she prefers & uses a lot . It was stable esp . as she started out , leaning on it & then pushing it ... now she can steer it & gets great satisfaction as she negotiates corners and doorways . I like the speed adjustment on the wheels . The stickers faded outside -LRB- it 's an indoor/outdoor toy with us -RRB- and the dexterity activities on it are pretty lame , but she is mainly just go-go-go w/this . She does try to climb & `` sit '' in the front pouch area -LRB- ! -RRB- ... although cute/funny , we discourage that -LRB- safety issue -RRB- . Overall , I think this purchase was a good value !
 Ever since Braeden started walking , he wants to spend the entire day hanging onto my fingers and doing laps around the house and yard-except my back can only take so much abuse ! Grandma bought him the Activity Walker last week , and he just loves it ! The open back design leaves plenty of room for his feet . My favorite feature is the adjustable speed control-he can start out slow until he gets the hang of it . Braeden loves following Mom and Dad around with his walker , and I love not looking like a hunchback anymore : -RRB-
 My son loves this walker , even now that he is walking on his own ! He loves pushing things and this moves good on any type of floor . The doors do fall off easy but he does n't care , he likes to carry the doors around . Great walker for the price !!!
 We received this toy last Christmas for my 9 month old -LRB- at the time -RRB- . The first night , she ripped off the doors -LRB- and they do rarely stay on -RRB- . However , the wheels do tighten easily to allow them the right speed . I thought for sure after she learned to walk , it would be old news . BUT - around 15 months she used it as a seat -LRB- without the doors it fits her perfectly ! -RRB- . she loved to get pushed around in it , as well as stand up in it -LRB- scary , but no accidents ! -RRB- . Now at almost 2 years , she uses it to push her dolls around in ! It just keeps transforming !!
 I recently bought this toy for our son . He has been cruising for weeks now from one piece of furniture to another . When I opened it he immediately began trotting across the living room . The other problem is not enough floor space . He gets upset when he hits the wall and it does n't move anymore . Since we 've bought this toy he has taken a few steps on his own . I believe it helps little ones learn to walk . I would recommend this toy to anyone .
 Hey , cheap little tikes ! I love their toys . But I 'm thinking about buying something else -LRB- maybe fisher price -RRB- that produces sounds/music to reward walking for my son as all babies enjoy sounds and music , particularly my son . He is now 13 months and still can not walk more than 5 steps at a time . I got this walker hoping to give him some practice , but he would n't walk it unless I walk the toy w / him.This walker does n't make any sound when being pushed . The front wheels do n't turn too well on carpet , but sort of just skid along . So far it has n't tipped over , but he does n't walk with it too much , as there 's no sound to encourage him to walk it.As a toy , he does love the entertainment . . probably a little too much . He likes this walker , not for walking , but to walk to the front side and play w / the spinning lemon -LRB- he 's facinated w / the bi-color spin -RRB- , the doors , and the plastic mail . He does n't care much for the butterfly switch or the bug/worm slides . He pulls the doors off , or stuff his other toys in there . He does like this toy more than the leap frog learning table , which I 'm not sure why .
 We bought this for our 7 month old girl at Christmas . She loved it from the beginning , taking her first few steps with the walker , with daddy right behind her.Even though she is now walking independently , she still loves the walker , as she has found new ways to use it ; she pulls off both flaps to make a seat for herself and now at nearly one year , she loves to climb all over it and placing one foot on the front , uses it backwards as a scooter!At first the bee and caterpillar were too stiff for her to move , but over the months she was able to move them . Great value , great product .
 My husband and I purchased this for my son when he began to walk . He absolutely loves it !!! He pushes it all around the house and in the backyard . He likes to `` drop '' the mail into the mail slots . He also enjoys playing with the bee and caterpillar , it is n't difficut to move at all for him . The mail doors do come off easily , but it is not bothersome at all - I guess it just depends on what the child is more interested in doing . My son just loves to push it all around . I think its a great toy and helps begining walkers . I would recommend it to anyone !!
 My son started walking at 9 months . First he would push my bar stools around . So , his grandfather and I went out to buy him a walker . We tried several at the store and this one was the best . He loved pushing it around the house and learned to steady himself with it . Yes , when he would pull himself up , it would fall on him , so I learned to stay close by when he played with it . He quickly learned how much pressure he needed to pull himself up . I liked the fact that the wheels had different speeds , so I could control it better as he got more confidence.He loved the spinning wheel , but the other activities were too difficult for him to use . He learned how to put the letters in the slots and , yes , pull off the doors , but that was part of the fun . The first time he did it , it was an accident , but the next time he looked right at me and smiled , then pulled it off . My husband and I had a laugh about that.My son has now been walking -LRB- running -RRB- for four months , so we passed this on to our neighbor , who 's 10 month old has also learned to cruise . He loves it just as much as my son did .
 I would rather not have a toy with a lot of frills . This was purchased in an effort to help my son walk , and because he was sure footed and cruising already , he had no problems taking to it at 9 months -LRB- and 23 pounds -RRB- . The doors on the front do come off super easy , but that is n't a concern of mine . If my son gets to the point to where he takes it off to use as a stair to get on furniture , I will simply super-glue the doors on there so that he ca n't . I do believe it is sturdy , though . I think that is proven by my son 's age , weight , and use of the toy.There are probably `` better '' choices out there , but I think the price is right and so is the product . It is n't always necessary to have the perfect and most expensive choice out there .
 My son is 8 months old and loves his wide track walker . He walks all over , following me around the house . He 's strengthening his legs and learning his colors and numbers at the same time . He loves to `` mail '' the little plastic letters and then take them out and mail them again.Its price was less than all the others we looked at , but I feel the quality is more than acceptable.I agree with the reviewers who said the little doors on the front can too easily be pulled off , but the more your child walks with it , the more interested in actually walking with it they are and they 'll soon learn to leave the doors alone!The speed control feature works well on several different heights of carpet throughout our home and the toy has proved to be sturdy -LRB- our 8 month old is 30 inches high and weighs 25 lbs -RRB- . Most others we tried did not have speed control and on low pile carpet , linoleum and hardwood floors they just `` took off '' out from under him , causing him to land on his face.ANY walker can tip . We tried some out in the store and at two different friends ' houses -- they all flipped or turned over when my son pulled down hard on them or sat down hard while still grasping the handle.Good toy at a great price .
 We chose this activity walker for our 8 month old based on its solid construction and the ability for parents to set the ease at which the wheels will roll . Our daughter loves to push this toy across the room over and over again . Unfortunately the `` doors '' on the front are easily removable , allowing a large space for her to stand up in the toy . She has now figured out how to use this toy as a step up to reach the TV and climb up on the furniture . I wish the `` doors '' were not so easy to remove . Otherwise , this is a well-priced , sturdy toy .
 I had to write a review for this toy because I am so pleased with it . My boy/girl twins have played with this toy for months . Before they could walk they played with it folded flat , they loved to move the caterpillar and bee.The two levels of handles helped when they were learning to stand up . When they starting standing up with it , they did eventually learn to pull the doors off and we could never keep them on . But that was okay because once they learned to walk they used the space where the doors were to transport baby dolls or cars . It makes a great baby stroller , esp . when compared to the toy umbrella strollers which caused so many falls in our house.I really liked that you can adjust the speed of the wheels . That was really helpful for us since my kids took a little while to learn to walk and we used the locked mode to help them get the hang of walking and become steady on their feet.This toy is very sturdy - I could trust that my kids could play with it and not worry all the time that they would fall over using it . We tried other walkers at friends ' houses and they were too fancy -LRB- the kids wanted to play with the toys rather than walk -RRB- or heavy or tippy . I bought this on a whim , I liked the price and the brand and I have been very happy with it .
 My daughter was a late walker because of a dislocated hip . Both before and after her three months in a spica cast , this toy has been hands-down her favorite thing in the whole house . NOT because of the doors on the front that fall off -LRB- though there is sometimes interest in the spinner on the detatched blue door -RRB- ; NOT because of the `` games '' that do n't really interest her -LRB- really ? move a bee up and down and a caterpillar side to side ? -RRB- ; and NOT for the `` mail '' that comes with it -LRB- though those are fun toys in themselves and get carried around and chewed on a lot -RRB- . This toy is the best toy in the house purely because it provides her the freedom to walk where ever she wants to go . It is LIGHT enough for her to lift over obstacles and turn around corners . It 's STURDY enough that she can use it to stand up and lean on . It does n't go too fast on wood floors or too slow on carpet . And , without the two doors on the front , she can put toys in it to cart around as she walks . Without those two silly doors I would have given it 5 stars . A GREAT push toy.Edited 2/23/09 to add
 I got this walker for my 8 month old and I highly reccomend it . People keep complaining about a piece of the toy coming off and losing toys . Well , I did n't buy it for the toy part , I bought it for the walker part-as will most people I assume . I love the parent controlled speed adjustment . I was expecting about 3 speeds to choose from . No , there are 11 . Yes , 11 . I was so happy when I stood my little girl up with it and it did n't roll out from her . That is why I would reccomend this walker to everyone I know ! I only gave it 4 stars though , because the toys on it are a little cheezy . My daughter seems to love them though , so I guess that 's all that matters .
 Sure most of the parts fall off and get lost but so does every other toy and walker on the market . After the doors were removed -LRB- and lost -RRB- by my 10 month old son - he became interested in using it as a walker . This walker is wide and much better then the narrow handle bars on the fisher price . It 's resistance is great for carpets and I never worry about him speeding off uncontrollably . He just loves using this walker and complains every time we take it away ! I think it is a great stepping stone for his next milestone ... walking on his own !
 I bought this walker because it was reasonably priced and wanted something to help my beginner walker to walk . She would never use it to walk because when she lost her balance it would fall on top of her and she usually fell straight back . -LRB- I was in front encouraging her to go forward and I felt helpless . -RRB- Now that she is walking , she loves holding on and pushing it especially outside where she is a little hesitant . She has always loved playing with the plastic `` envelopes '' and the mail slots . She loves taking the doors off the front . Overall , this is not a toy to purchase to encourage and help your upcoming walker but it is a fun toy and one of my daughter 's favorites .
 While I was grateful that our 10 month old was not interested in crawling all over and making us chase him , I knew it was inevitable . Little dude played with one of these at daycare and my wife ran out to get one . To say he loves it does not even begin to explain how much fun he has with it . He is cruising around with it and making us laugh like little kids ourselves . You ca n't let him go on his own , this toy requires supervision for a tiny one , but it develops the correct muscles . Walkers that supprt a baby 's weight cause their legs to move in the wrong ways and can delay correct development . He uses it for balance only and looks like he 's just about ready to let go and take off . It introduced him to mobility and there is no looking back , he 's no longer content to sit and play with what he can reach . Be sure to purchase your baby proofing supplies when you get this toy
 I was a little leary of this after reading the other reviews , but I had already bought it , so I took it out of the box . You have to understand , I am not a logical thinker , and have a hard time putting anything together . But once I got past the fact that there were no written instructions , I figured it out pretty easily . Armed with only a philips screwdriver , I managed to get it together with only a few curses - all by myself !! even with my baby trying to climb all over it . He -LRB- nine months old -RRB- loves to walk with it - and it moves at just the right speed for a beginner . My four year old daughter will fight with him to play with it -LRB- is that good ? -RRB- . So , it 's not one of the toys in the corner gathering dust because no one wants to play with it . I 'm glad I bought it , and I love watching my son smile as he walks - all by himself .
 My son received this walker from Grandma , and really loves it . I was looking at walkers before , and this one is a step above the rest . IT HAS A SPEED CONTROL !! We tried out the Fisher Price walker at his aunt 's house and he kept falling down , the walker just rolled right out from underneath him . I was hesitant to give him this walker , but he loves it . For now the speed control is about half way on , but when he get a little better at walking the skies the limit .
 This is my daughter 's favorite toy . She 's 12 months and has used it for a few months now . At first , she would sit with it and we would drop in the mail and she would get it out , but now that she 's learning to walk , she 's really loving it . She does n't walk on her own yet , but she walks all over the house with her mail cart . She can go pretty fast with it , and sometimes she gets going too fast , but I noticed that it 's teaching her how to balance and how to slow down without falling . She does n't use the toys on the front really , and she 's pulled the doors off , but they are easy to put back in . She loves the independence it gives her because she can go wherever she wants to now and she can leave it and come back to it easily . She steps up in the cart part where the doors used to be . She loves it , I think , because it makes her feel taller . I do n't understand why it seems to worry so many parents , it 's only a few inches off the ground . She has never fallen off , but if she did , I do n't think I would worry about it because it 's close enough to the floor . -LRB- We have foam puzzle pieces on the floor , not hardwood -RRB- . It 's so low that it 's easy for her to step up and step back down again . She really loves holding and chewing on the envelopes also . I wish the stickers on the front were not so easy to scratch off , but other than that , we are very happy with it !
 little tikes activity walker I bought for my 10 month old son . The reason I chose to buy this is because it did n't look like it would flip over and it was a very plain toy no batteries to keep changing no buttons for him just to stand in one spot he could focus on learning to walk . That 's just what he learned to do within less then 2 months . However I did modify it a bit . When he was pushing it it would go kinda side ways even with the front wheels with totally free . If you look between the back wheels and the frame of the walker there is a piece of plastic that rubs the wheels why I do n't know but I cut that off on both sides with a kitchen knife now that back wheels move freely and it does n't go sideways . It did n't change the way the front wheels lock so it does n't move so fast either . Overall I love that feature . Some reviews said that the doors fall off yes they do if pressure is put on them years ago this would have really disappointed me with my other 2 children but now with my 3 I can see why it was made this way . My 3 child is a climber !! He has been climbing since day 1 . If the doors did n't fall off he would be standing on them no kidding ! The toys that move and click are hard to move but with a little vaseline put on the underneath side they move a lot more freely . My children all play with this toy . The like putting the mail in the mail box and delievering it , which is good for their imagination!We have vtech sit to walk one that has the steering wheel that thing is very . Dangerous it flips forward !
 Since my daughter turned 11 months , she has been cruising & trying to walk . Our first purchase was a V-TECH SIT TO STAND PINK ACTIVITY WALKER but it was horribly unsafe so we returned that and got this in exchange . Some reviews complained about the front `` mail slots '' popping off easily -- it has n't happened to us -- and true , the toys in the front are not exciting but my little girl could n't care less because she 's too thrilled with the sensation of walking !! This is a no-frills-no-batteries-needed toy and I for one can appreciate the back-to-basics concept of not relying on battery operated toys . The wide handle on this activity walker is excellent for balancing and it has a stable base for little ones to pull up to stand from a seated position . There is also wheel resistance that you can adjust . We 've got ours on the tighest setting but as you can see in the video , she can still go quite fast . We 've had a couple of wobbly moments but no ouchies from using this . Do note that a beginner walker will need help steering and any walker , if pushed/pulled too hard will tip . Purchased this from a local toy store for $ 25 .
 Believe it or not , but I actually remember pushing around a walker when I was a toddler . What I remember most about the experience is that my feet were constantly stepping on the wheels of the walker , nearly tripping me . I remember feeling somewhat fearful and insecure as a result of it.So , when shopping for a walker for my son , I set out to find a product that might help him have a better experience than I had . Totally LOVE this walker ! It 's wide enough that his feet fit between the wheels as he ventures his first steps.Others have said that the doors come off easily . The bottom one is very easy to remove but there 's even a sticker on the underside that says that it 's supposed to be removable in order to make the `` envelopes '' the toddler has mailed easily accessable . The top door does come off too but it takes a lot more strength than the bottom one.And both doors pop back in very easily.However , I plan on putting this walker away when my child starts to climb . If both the doors are removed , there is the possibility that a child could try to step inside and stand in the opening .
 If you have a sore back from helping your cruising baby walk , I recommend the wide-track walker . My daughter loves the independence it provides her , and I love seeing her grin as she walks all over the place pushing it .
 This toy was great , although I bought it only one month ago and both doors are gone ... THey do n't stay on ver well one is supposed to be removable but my 9 month old could get them both off , this was his favorite part . It really is a great toy . He was walking with it the same day . The wheel has a resistance lever so the toy does n't go flying when they push on it , but this lever ALWAYS switches itself back to the least resistance position . Oh well for the price it was worth it ! THey grow out of things so qiuckly .
 I bought this for my 8 month old who is learning to walk . She absolutely loves walking around the house with this and gets the biggest smile on her face ! For that alone , it 's worth the $ 20 . It is bright and cheerful looking . When my husband put it together I had him readjust the toys on the front -LRB- the moving bee and caterpillar -RRB- so they would be looser and easier for her to move back and forth . Yes , as everyone else said , the mailbox covers come off way too easily , but that is n't too important to us . My 2 year old is the one who pulls them off . I will try the suggestion from a previous reviewer of putting the top slot on the bottom . My 2 year old has had fun with this toy , too . She likes the novelty of pushing it around the house and then watching as her baby sister does it . I would definitely buy this again . : -RRB-
 My daughter got this toy for Christmas right about the time she was starting to stand alone . I really do think it has helped her learn to walk . Although as soon as she could walk without it she lost interest in it . I do like that it has a wide base and is adjustable as far as speed . I think I would buy it again .
 I can see how it can tip easily but my son likes that it is more flexible . He takes turns and does 3-60s . It is his first choice of walkers . We have the hippo and a car as well .
 We got this for our 10-month old son and he loved it instantly . He is just beginning to start cruising on things and this gave him a stable start . He pushes it well and stays steady . He also LOVES the mail slot and double doors that open on the front and loves to put everything inside . A good purchase all in all .
 Wow , this was an instant hit with my 10 month old . It took me nearly an hour to put together simply because she was crawling over me the entire time trying to `` help '' with the slide toys . My baby is only 18 pounds and pretty agile , so we have n't had any problems with tipping . She loves walking through the house after me . I also think the `` letters '' are a great idea . Just the right size for chewing and large enough not to get lost easily . Fun toy and great value for the price !
 We bought this for our baby in January when she was 8 months old because she was just starting to cruise . She loved it then and still uses it now that she is 12 + months . My only complaint is that the doors come off so easily that they are never on the thing -LRB- which means you ca n't store anything in it if the doors are off -RRB- . They were designed this way but I think they would be better if they were not quite so easy to remove .
 I did n't like that the doors came off so easily or that my son could stand next to it and knock it over but he really enjoyed it . He was walking on his own within 2 weeks of having it .
 If you 're looking for a sturdy push toy for a child who is learning to walk , this is a great option . The wheels can be `` tightened '' depending on the flooring it will be used on . We have tile throughout our house and I was worried about it sliding out from underneath my daughter when she tried to use it . That never happened . It always remained within her control . Yes , the doors come off easily and some of the sliding toys on it are hard to move , but she never showed much interest in them anyway and as a push toy , it 's great . Even now , as an almost -LSB- ... -RSB- , she 'll put her toys in it and cart them around the house with her at top speed .
 I bought this for my 11-and-a-half-month-old nephew for Christmas . 10 days later he took his first steps on his own ! To be fair , he was pretty close already , but he loved this toy and walked it all over from the day he got it.I know other people complain about the mailbox door , and yes , it comes off pretty easily , but it 's no big deal to slip it back on at all . My nephew loves the `` mail '' too - he will put them in the box and take them out over and over again.This is a sturdy toy , and perfect for a kid who 's almost walking but not quite . For what it 's worth , my 2-and-a-half-year-old niece loved this toy , too ! She kept stealing it from my nephew and trying to put all kinds of toys in the mailbox.I do n't know why this toy is adaptable to lie flat - my nephew totally lost interest in it when we changed the position . We also never got to try out the tension control because the playroom is carpeted , but it 's a great feature nonetheless .
 My little boy loves this walker . I know it was n't expensive , but it does the trick just perfectly . I love it because it 's simple , no batteries required . I also disagree with some reviewers that the plastic letters are n't a good asset . My boy plays extensively with the letters , even if he 's not focused on walking , I 've seen him take the letters and use them as a hammer and happily bang away on other things .
 We bought this for our first child and loved it . This one is so stable with the wide stance . We turned it into an outside toy once he was a good walker , because he loved to use it to deliver mail . When our 2nd was born we bought a new one for inside . We thought about getting a different one , but so many out there have flashing lights , etc. . Kids do n't need all that junk to have fun . Walking is already fun for them .
 We recieved this as a hand-me-down from my sister-in-law . Her daughter played with it from one year to eighteen months and loved it . The doors do come off the front very easily -LRB- for cleaning purposes it claims -RRB- , and it does require parental supervision . She ca n't pull herself up on with it tipping over and it does n't steer very well , but the speed adjustment puts it far ahead of similar toys , and she just lights up when playing with it and ca n't stop laughing . Overall it works well for us , we just colaspe it when we are n't walking around with her . When calasped she loves to play with the attivity board .
 My grandmother had purchased a `` Winnie the Pooh '' walker for my 9 month old which he had trouble controlling where it went , especially when it went forward too quickly when he was n't ready . This walker is much easier for him to control and he loves getting around on his own steam . With regard to the front panels coming off , my son actually likes taking them off and they are very easy replaced -LRB- he has never injured himself by doing this and I do n't see that being feasible -RRB- .
 My husband and I bought this walker for our daughter when she was 11 months - just a few weeks later , she was walking!She LOVES it ! She is constantly putting the letters in and out of the compartment . It 's quite funny to watch her walk around the house picking up different things -LRB- the remote control , books , the dogs toys ! -RRB- and putting them in her mail bin . As for me and hubby , we LOVE the fact that you can adjust the speed on the wheels . . much safer for her !! The doors came off once but that was no big deal , they pop back on easily . I would highly recommend this to anyone looking for a quality walker for your baby .
 The package was delivered quickly , the toy was easy to assemble , it seems like it will not easily come apart . My granddaughter loves it , there are lots of things to push and twirl , and it will help her stand up and begin to walk , at the same time as entertaining her . Its a good toy .
 Within 1 week of having this toy my daughter WANTED to walk on her own . Within 2 weeks of having this toy she was walking by herself ... she was 10 months old . Now at almost a year old , she uses it to run around the house . I have recommneded this toy for several moms that have babies around the same age as mine .
 This walker , play toy was one of my grandson 's favorites , at age 1-2 years old . First he just played with the attached toys , and then taught himself how to walk with it . I sent one to my great niece for her lst b/d . Her mother raved how wonderful the toy was . She also helped herself learn to walk . I just sent my cousin 's child the same gift for his lst b/d with the same response . This will definitely be my gift of choice for this age group .
 We got this for our son just before he was 11 months . I wanted something with speed control because he just kept falling on the others he had tried . I love the speed control . He was not falling forward like he was on the others . We had to stay close for awhile because it is light so he would tip over when he was first getting the hang of it . He is almost 1 year and does not tip and is able to pull himself up on it , despite it being a light toy .
 we recently bought this walker for our 9 month old . he loves it.we like it because it does n't have music ; noise ; yet another toy with the `` ABC '' song ... it does what is was intended to do ... be a walker ! He loves the envelopes , and is getting good at putting them into the mailbox . Yes , the doors come off easily , but our Leapfrog table has a purple door that pops off just as easily . Plus this walker was n't expensive .
 My son loves this toy . He got this toy as a gift when he was 10 months old . Yes the doors fall off but my son could care less . He uses this toy to walk all over the house . It is also light enough that we take it to the park , shopping , etc. so he can walk on his own when we go out . He has fallen down a few times as other people mentioned - but I assume this is the case with most early walkers . Now that he has the hang of using it he pulls himself up with the bar and has few problems walking around with it . I would say this is one of his favorite toys we own so I think it is quite a deal for the price .
 The first time my baby started walking around with this I screamed ! I called my mom and said , & quot ; My baby is walking , my baby is walking ! & quot ; It was so cool , watching him walk all over the living room . He loves this toy . Give it a try . Every baby is different .
 Easy to put together ... very sturdy ... my almost-walking-11 month old nephew LOVES walking with it , playing with the pieces , and teething on them , too ! He can not get enough of it ... finally , he can stand upright with the correct proportions for him to be stable and walk around like everyone else ... HURRAH !
 This toy helped teach my girl to run around and walk . She used to fly around no problem with this item . She first had it when she was 13mos old and still uses it today -LRB- she 's 2 ! -RRB- She uses it with the doors off to cart her doll around and will on occasion pretend to deliver mail with it ! Not bad for the price . No annoying sounds to drive me crazy either !
 My grandson just loves this toy and now he is trying to walk with it .
 If you are like me and SICK of toys that play music and have flashing lights , then this simple walker is for you . Because it folds up flat easily , we would take it to the park with our 10 month old son and set it up on the grass . My son would push it from one end of the park to the other end happily . And when he got tired , he would sit and post the letters -LRB- or whatever else he got his hands on -RRB- , or play with the buttons . Yes , it occasionally tipped , but no harm occurred , and what toddler is n't going to go face down from time to time ? And because it is so simple , I never worried about getting dirt , grass or sand in it - it washed off easily . But here is what really struck me - a kid at the park came up to us and started playing with the walker . After pushing the numbers -LRB- stickers really -RRB- , he complained `` this does n't do anything '' . My son would disagree .
 It is a great toy for a toddler who likes to push toys on wheels . It also has very interesting activities to challenge a child 's mind and easy for small hands . I believe it is a great toy .
 My son has loved this toy since he was about 6 months . He is now 11 months and walks all over the house with it . It 's great because he could play with it flat on the floor and then when he was ready we turned it into a walker . It is durable enough for him to push around yet is n't beating up all of our furniture and doorways . I recommend it for the money .
 I bought this walker despite what the reviews said , I now see for myself how right they are about the doors ! My 8 month old granddaughter loves to walk and play with the walker it is very stable and I love the break controls on the wheels , the ONLY problem is the doors want stay on ! Surely they could come up with a better door ! All in all the price and the over-all performance is worth the buy ! We just do n't use the doors !
 We received this walker as a gift before our son was able to walk . The adjustable wheel tightness works great on the carpet , we started at the tightest setting to make it sturdy for pulling up . His face would light up when he would stand behind this walker and push it across the room before he was walking on his own.I do recall a little concern about tipping , but we did n't have much trouble with it . I think the design is pretty good , and you should really be watching a child learning to walk anyway . Our son enjoyed putting the letters and other objects in the little doors . Yes , the doors come off easily , but they go back on easily too . Our son also liked some of the clicking sliders , but the main purpose of this toy was to facilitate walking , and it did a great job.Even after he was an accomplished walker , we used this toy outside . It gave him a little support on our sloping and bumpy yard and gave him an activity that kept him out of areas I did n't want him to play in . He loved racing through the yard , he probably thought he was mowing ;o-RRB- He 's almost two now , and we have this toy in storage , but we plan to use it again with our baby due next month .
 I bought this activity walker for my son when he was about 8 months old . We had visited a friend whose son had it , and as soon as I put my son behind the walker -LRB- I assisted him up to the handle -RRB- he took off walking !!! It does n't get much more exciting than that ! I ran to the toy store that evening and bought it . My son has always loved this toy . He is very active , and started walking on his own around 11 months . I am sure his use of this toy helped him develop that skill . He is almost 17 months now , and he still pushes the cart around , often collecting toys in it . The little mailbox doors have been long pulled off , but he uses it in other creative ways , similar to a grocery cart . I highly recommend this item . In fact , I am buying it for a friend .
 We bought this toy for our 9-month old daughter . I 'm glad we did ! Although the activity portion of the toy leaves a lot to be desired , we did n't buy it for the activities . Our daughter needed something to hold onto while she learns to walk , and this toy was perfect for that purpose ! It offers a very wide and stable platform , while still encouraging our daughter to develop her own sense of balance . Like other reviewers , we also appreciated the speed control so that our baby 's first steps could keep up with the walker . My daughter loves the mobility that this toy provides , and occasionally enjoys the activity features . I would definitely recommend this toy to my friends and family !
 I absolutley love this walker -LRB- and so does my son -RRB- ! My son is now 10 months old and loves to walk . We received the FP Brilliant Basics Walker as a gift , but we soon found out that it was n't for us . It was lightweight and flimsy . Everytime my son tried to use it , it would push ahead of him and he would end up on his knees or on his face ... not exactly the right way to help a baby learn to walk.My MIL bought our son this walker and he just loves it ! The speed/traction control feature is a must ! Gone are the days of him falling on his face or to his knees . He can actually walk across the room with this and it does n't fly out from under him.Yes , the mailbox doors come off very easily , but so what ?! My son likes to take them off and play with them . When the doors are off , you can put a favorite toy there instead . My son loves to push around his stuffed animals.Overall ... great , sturdy walker for the price . Very pleased !
 We just received this walker as a gift , and our 7 month old has not yet used it as a walker , but she likes playing with the front . I read several reviews that said the little insects -LRB- worm , ladybug -RRB- would n't move for them . We had that problem , but realized that if you just loosen the screw a bit , it slides easily . -LRB- of course , make sure the screw is still secure ! -RRB- The instructions do n't mention it , but if you 're going to buy this item , keep that in mind .
 This toy is an excellent tool for babies learning to walk . It has a speed control which is great for hardwood floors . The only problem is that the doors on the front are easily pulled off , but can be placed back .
 I recently purchased this toy for my daughter . She had so much fun with it until she leaned on the front of it and the pin that holds it open snapped and it collapsed causing her to fall and scrape her back . We did not use it improperly . I feel that we may have gotten a defective one since I have not seen anyone else complain of this problem . I wrote a letter to Little tikes today so I have not recieved a reply yet . I just wanted to let you all know incase there is more than one defective one out there .
 I gave this item to my co-worker as a gift and she LOVED it !! I thought the item was cute with all the colors , play insects and mail pcs . Most importantly - I liked the feature of collapsing so the child could play while sitting on the floor.After receving the gift , she sayed it was easy to assemble and really liked the `` speed control '' feature . She also said that it will help her child -LRB- 13 months -RRB- recognize insects , mail and count 1-2-3 ! Last , but not least , she mentioned that her child could not stop playing with the Walker and had TONS of fun !! Wide Tracker receives a B + in my book !!!
 I bought this walker for my ten-month-old son , who has learned to stand a week ago . He LOVED it . He pushed it around all over the house and went crazy for it . He would n't stop pushing it around . He was the first child in day care to learn how to walk and it 's all because of this . Thank you .
 Great ho starting set , pretty advanced with bridge and two tracks changing lanes . Good quality of detail and finishes in the locomotive and cars , plus lots of accessories . Functions perfectly , sure beats other brands because life-like comes with tracks that snap perfectly and do n't move around .
 Very durable , my daughter can not destroy it , which is a PLUS ! Great Pictures and a GREAT way to get kids excited about animals .
 I just bought these reels at Walmart for $ 3.54 . I understand Walmart can offer lower prices but the difference is insane and that 's before the charge for shipping from this company . Great toy , my favorite when I was 6 years old , 55 years ago . Save yourself lots of money , unless you are so rich you can afford it .
 Puchased As A Gift For The Grands , What 's Not To Love ! Same Concept Used When We Were Kids But Now They Have Sound !
 This viewmaster reel is pretty great . The pictures are fantastic quality and the animals are sure to fascinate any little kid . While viewmasters may not be as awe inspiring in the digital age we now live in , they 're designed for kids and little ones are still sure to like it .
 I had registered for the other girl baby calendar that BRU carries , which costs $ 9.99 . I had n't even seen this one , but I recently received it as a baby shower gift and decided I liked it even better than the more expensive one -LRB- which also comes with an ink pad -RRB- . The only thing I 'm not thrilled about is the transparency of the month stickers . The calendar is labeled -LRB- i.e , `` Place baby 's first month sticker here '' -RRB- , but when you put the sticker in that spot you can still see through to the place where it was labeled underneath . Other than that I think it 's very cute and a convenient way to keep track of baby 's first year , and you ca n't beat it for 8 bucks .
 This calendar is a wonderful way to keep track of your baby 's 1st year . With cute stickers , plenty of pages to note your baby 's milestones and family history , it will surely become a treasured keepsake . It even comes with and inkpad so that you can record baby 's hand and footprints . I would not recommend skipping a baby book altogether , but I think this calendar is a fun and very nice way to keep memories .
 It was very nice and satisfactory to see my son happy when he received his gift , I the toy would ' t have arrived on time it would have been very sad . The price payed versus the value is well apreciated .
 I bought this for my 4 yr . old son and was very skeptical . He is very hard on things and was anticipating a hole in the bed within the first couple of days although I have explained over and over ... No jumping on the bed ... right ! Anyway we blew it up and it has been a month already and no rips or holes . We have n't had to add any new air to it . It is quite durable and much bigger than I anticipated . He wants to sleep in this every night . Does n't want to bother with his toddler bed anymore . He has twice as much room in this new spiderman bed . I also like the raised sides so I do n't have to worry about him rolling off the bed like before . I am even able to fit laying next to him at night while we read our book . Oh , do n't bother with the free pump that came with it . Started to blow it up with that and figured it would have taken all day ... Went into the garage and used our air compressor . Was done in no time . I would recommend an air compressor or an electric pump or you will be there forever trying to blow it up . It really is much bigger than I thought .
 Purchased this inflatable bed for our 6 year old grandson for Christmas and it was a great hit . He now will sleep only in this bed at night . It was easily assembled and is very sturdy . We are very satisfied with this purchase .
 I liked the bed once we got it blown up , but with the foot pump it comes with , it takes a while . It is a durable bed and it is alot bigger than I thought . It would be good for a sleepover or something .
 We purchased this today . We have been playing with it for 4 hours straight and he 's not done yet . My son loves it . The size is perfect and the stool is so sturdy . I am impressed with how sturdy this set is . They suggest Crayola Dry-erase markers but since toys r us does n't carry ANY dry erase markers -LRB- which is annoying -RRB- I was forced to buy some other brand eleswhere and they worked out fine . I am a little disappointed with the magnets . Some letters and numbers do n't stick at all . We purchased this with the task in mind of learning our alphabet , numbers and ultimately how to write them . I am going to contact Crayola ... if they do n't help me it might go back considering the price .
 I just bought this for my 2 year old daughter . She 's been into her coloring books and crayons for quite a few months . Since she started taking a toddler art class , she 's now interested in painting . I wanted to get her something similar to the easels in her classroom . This Crayola Art Studio is perfect ! You can place the watercolor set on the desk and not have to worry about the cup of water spilling . She also loves playing with the letters and numbers on the magnetic board . I have n't gotten any dry erase markers , but the eraser is great for removing any stray crayon marks . The desk compartment is spacious enough for other art supplies . -LRB- Note
 I just got this for my daughter for her fifth birthday and she loves it . She loved that it came with a little seat for her ! It 's great that it can be upright as an easel and then laid flat to be a desk ! My 3 yr old son also love to sit at it and play with the magnetic letters and numbers and color .
 Hello we got this for our 2 year old she likes it alot.The problem i have with it is that everytime she sits in the stool it comes out form under her.It would be alot better if there was a back part on the stool . Cause now she wont sit on the stool she stands up to do her creative beautiful art.But yes i am glad we got this for her . thankyou .
 I thik that it should be ble to hold a little more , like paint brushes and some water cup space to wash the brushed , also on one side have a chalk board spot
 I 've had this for my other grandchildren for about four years , but this visit we got it out for our 15 month old granddaughter and she is perfectly able to use this desk to color , use the magnets , and put stickers on paper ; she loves the stool !
 We got this for my son yesterday and put it together this morning . Assembly took no more than 5 minutes and it is pretty sturdy -LRB- more than we expected -RRB- . My 2.5 yr old LOVES this desk . He 's been playing with it all morning - which is surprising because nothing holds his attention for more than 30 minutes -LRB- at best -RRB- . He is deligthed with the easel and has been drawing non stop since he got it with his crayons . I also gave him some stickers and he 's been creating his art work happily for the past few hours . VERY highly recommended.UPDATE
 My daughter got this for her 2nd birthday . I very much like it and so does my daughter . Crayola provides two sets of letters for the alphabet and numbers in case you lose a set . My daughtger stays very occupied with this for sometime . I dont suggest this for children who tend to put things in their mouth the letters and numbers ex
 I 've owned a few SafeTGard Adult Athletic Supporter Jockstraps for the past couple of years and this is definitely my favorite compared to other brands . I 'm a big guy , and the XXL fits perfectly . The material is comfortable , and keeps everything in place where it should be . When I receive them new , I always wash it once before I wear them because out of the box they are a bit stiff . After playing football , wrestling , and rugby for over 10 years wearing all different brands of jockstraps , this is the most comfortable jockstrap i 've ever worn .
 These are very comfortable , the fabirc is soft , yet keeps everything where it is supposed to be . Great support ! What more could you ask for in a jock strap ?
 I 'm not very athletic , so I 've never worn one of these before . But I got some surgery done and I have to wear one for a couple weeks . This one looked to be what I needed at a reasonable cost . Like another review stated , there are some loose threads that pop up every time I wash it . Do n't know how long it 'll last , but I do n't plan on wearing it much longer . The material has a very open weave . This can lead to occasional snags . Even after several washings the material is still a little scratchy . The waste band is nice . It does n't roll or bunch up . Overall it does it 's job , I just wish it was a little softer .
 I ` ve purchased several supporters from different stores that said they fit a 42 inch waist that were so tight that the band cut you in half . This brand of supporter fits snug but does n`t cut off your breathing as the others . The only con I have is that they say it ` s preshrunk but I recommend you hand wash it . I washed mine in my washer with my other clothes and it seemed to shrink some.Again I highly recommend this supporter and will order more than one the next time .
 While I ordered these a size larger than normal -LRB- based upon past experience with supporters -RRB- these are true to size . The one I purchased is too large , but I have no one to blame but myself . The material is comfortable , and am ordering one in the correct size . Gave 5 starts because of the quality of the material , sewing , and price .
 The supporter wears and fits well . but when i wash it the threading seems to be breaking down . Not sure how else to explain the thread and strings of thread hanging off of the item .
 Been wearing SafeTGard instead of briefs since some 8 years ago and would n't wear other jock , or briefs for that matter ! They fit perfectly , they 're cool , specially here in the tropics ...
 NIce feel and have held up well with usage . I do n't know what else to say , I 'm just filling up space because you have to write a minimum amount of words to complete this rating ! LOL !
 It 's not easy to find comfortable underwear , let alone a jock strap , if you 're a big guy or just not built like the models they use to advertise these types of things . Usually a jock is more comfortable for me than anything else , but most of them still are n't `` just right . '' I bought one of these just to try , and WOW best underwear I 've ever owned ! It keeps things where they need to be , does n't bind , pinch , or move around on you , the sizing is perfect , and looks sexy on top of all that -LRB- c'mon guys , we like to look sexy just like the ladies do - do n't deny it ! -RRB- . I loved it so much I came back and more -LRB- eight total -RRB- , and they 're my new daily underwear . Please do n't ever change how you make these , otherwise I may have to go commando ! The price is also unbeatable . I had the same problem some other reviewers gave where after the first two washings I saw a few rubber strands come out , but even if these only last me a year or so I 'm pleased given how inexpensive they are . Since I wear these every day as underwear , I do n't expect them to last forever anyway .
 Color option is nice . Very comfortable . Doesnt constrict like others Ive used . Great if you looking for support and less constriction overall
 Fits like the package sizing says , supports while on my biking and sporting events . I even returned a previous package because I thought I had lost more weight than I really did and they exchanged quickly and without issue . I did n't even have to pay shipping . Great !!
 wear them all the time and these are so comfortable and quite reasonably priced . they arrived on time and they wash and wear wonderfully . thanks .
 This product does just what it 's supposed to.The only downside is that the waist band is sometimes a little rough for extended wear .
 Thank you for sending this product , they are just what the docotor order and they fit very comfortable
 If action figure of Palpatine # 35 is the one i bought , then this action figure of Palpatine is very unique as it gives you the choice of removable hands - one with a lightsaber in his hand -LRB- fused -RRB- and the other for sith lightening . I do believe he also comes with a regular empty hand . It also has a removable head of the Chancellor to put another similar but different version head on his shoulders-the sith version head which has Sith eyes and a bit of disfigurement of Palpatine 's forehead and face . One of his arms is action moved by pushing down on the figure and the other is poseable by you . This would be a good figure to have if you have a fighting version figure of Mace Windu in a brown removeable cloak and a lightsaber poised to strike as to relive the battle between the two in the Chancellor 's Senate chambers . Switch Palpatines head and hands after the lightsaber duel to reflect the force lightening being used against Mace and the distortion of Palaptine 's forehead and face as his bolts of lightening are reflected back at him . Or if you rather , just put the normal hands on and the Chancellor 's regular head to have him pose prior to being attemptedly arrested . -LRB- So he still looks like the regular Chancellor -RRB- . This figure is great but i only wish two things myself - 1 . that his one arm is n't action moved by pushing down on the figure-i 'd rather pose the arm myself and 2 . - i wish you could remove the lightsaber from his detachable hand and have it as a two piece lightsaber-handle and blade separate but able to connect when you are ready . But it is still a great figure to have in your collection to relive some scenes from `` Revenge of the Sith '' .
 I got this as a replica of my actual car and it is very close . The detail is very good for a model car .
 overall happy with my cards came exactly as stated everything was perfect and im also happy with the seller !!! shop christine : -RRB-
 These are OK decks , probably beat-downs , mainly kaiba 's . But no fake cards and good shipping.But you might want to use sleeve protectors .
 Si conoces de Yu Gi Oh y quieres poner en pr&aacute;ctica lo que has visto , con la compra de este doble deck no necesitar&aacute;s m&aacute;s . Con este paquete viene incluido todo lo b&aacute;sico que necesitas para jugar legalmente y poner a prueba tus estrat&eacute;gias .
 Would have given it 5 stars if it would have been just a BIT bigger , but all in all a very nice wooden toy bench / box . Might be a hair overpriced too , but the value is in the construction of the parts - solid wood , easy directions , and it even comes with wood glue to help the pieces hold for longevity . We have 2-year-old twins , so I 've put together my fair share of tables , toys , cribs , etc , and this was the sturdiest thing I 've assembled thus far . I 'm 220 lbs , and have no fear of sitting on this bench . Great birthday gift for our boys !
 My son says this is his favorite part of his room . He loves playing they xylophones and turning the bells . The colors are bright and attractive . The toy space is n't very large and the hinge also interferes with some of the space , but it 's perfect for smaller spaces . it also works very well as a bench . My biggest criticism is related to Amazon 's packaging of the toy chest . They shipped it in the manufacturer 's box which is flimsy cardboard and the pieces of the toy chest are not well packaged inside the box . The first one I ordered -LRB- using Prime -RRB- arrived with broken pieces . The Amazon rep was great and replaced it with even faster shipping . I think if she had n't done that and the second box had to spend more time in delivery , it probably would have also arrived broken because the second box also looked worn and some of the inner styrofoam was broken . it 's just not packed well inside the box and not well protected . Otherwise , the product itself is great .
 We received this bench as a xmas present for our toddler . The box was slightly damaged , as we have noticed pretty much all furniture from Amazon is delivered . One of the arm pieces was split , which we had to glue and clamp back together , but it is now fully functional.Other people have commented on how little storage there is , but the entire bench portion is hollow , so there is as much storage as there possibly could be for a product this size . Maybe they were thinking that the bench were bigger?We have n't had this for too long yet , so I ca n't speak to its durability .
 I love the way it looks , but it is small so does n't hold much . My son loves it though bc he can climb on it , and he does A LOT . I did n't use the wood glue in all the places you put screws and they fall out sometimes , so make sure you use the glue !! My son loves the things you spin on it too .
 As a Spanish Teacher and Latina mami , I love the fact that EVERYTHING was in Spanish !
 If you ever feel like throwing a Mexican-themed party , this is the perfect activity for kids and adults ! Obviously the endlessly amusing pinata is also fun , but this will give you tons of fun while educating your guests about colors and body parts . Throw in a taco bar , mariachi music in the background , margaritas , and you 've got a party that everyone will be talking about for weeks !
 Simplemente excelente producto y funcional . Muy bueno sinceramente , cumpli&oacute; todas mis expectativas y funciona perfectamente . Totalmente recomendable para todas las personas . Muchas gracias
 Nice ProductIntegrates members of the family , fun and inexpensive.good materialtime deliveryis recommended for families with children
 I was looking for something to help bring in more classroom work to P.E. . The students giggle themselves through learning spanish colors ! Teach as much as you can with every lesson !
 Great set up my kid uses this a lot . This makes a great gift and well worth the money for your kids .
 My 3 year old actually discovered this game while waiting at the dentist office . It is a wonderful matching game , and can of course be used to teach your child about different types of animals . The game is also very sturdy . She had so much fun , I knew it was a must order for this coming Christmas !
 I bought these for my 20 month old granddaughter and she loves them . After looking in retail stores for some animals for her and seeing prices , these are a steal . The comments about ridges or whatever on them really are not worth mentioning . The children who play with them do n't notice and would n't care .
 My 15 month old loves these . They are the perfect size . They are n't like the small farm animals that comes with most packages . They are fairly big , and she can not hurt them . I stuff a few in our bag on the way out the door , and she can easily play with them in the car . Great thing ... . they do n't get lost between seats or amongst our mess .
 This is my second set , a Christmas gift for my newest grandson ... perfect stocking stuffer for unwrapping one at a time ! .
 I bought these for my daughter when she was about 15 months old because she seemed to be interested in farm animals . I 'm so glad I got these for her , they are used literally everyday . They have helped her to develop her language skills , she can bring me the specific animal I ask for , make the various sounds , even say the names of some of them . She with gather them all up and hand them to me one by one and demand I sing `` ee-i-ee-i-o . '' At first she did not like the goat and would hide him under pillows so she would n't have to look at him but she 's warmed up to him and they get along now . I like that there are seven animals in the set , it makes it more of a value than the other sets that only have five.This gets 4 stars because at first I was turned off by the neck seams and plastic smell when I first opened the box . The plastic smell went away quickly and I do n't even notice the neck seams anymore.I just bought another set of the ocean animals for a Christmas gift . I 'll probably buy more sets as well .
 we have the Learning Resources Jumbo Animals - ALL Animals . and My son and other kids who come to our home very happy with this animals
 The jumbo size farm animals look like the real animals . My almost two year old grandchildren have fun telling me all about the animals and make the animal sounds . They like the box with the carry handle to store the animals .
 Not only are these animals adorable and durable , but they even come in a box cute enough that wrapping paper is n't needed ! Santa left ours right under the tree !
 My grandson loves these animals , they are big , durable , easy to handle , and allow us to play together identifying the different animals and the sounds they make . All in all , I think these are a great learning toy .
 My grandson was about to turn 2 when I noticed him playing with his animal puzzle pieces and singing EEIIEEIIOO -LRB- Old McDonald 's Farm -RRB- as we do with this puzzle , I thought some hand-sized toy animals would be a good gift . These are a perfect size . He plays with them every chance he gets .
 These animals are amazing to me & my toddler . They are way bigger than I expected . The only reason I gave durability 4 stars is because some of the tails look like a really rough kid could pull them off . Other than that , I do n't see you finding any better animals than these , for the price !
 These animals are just the right size for little hands . My 15 month old granddaughter loves them and enjoys trying to make the sounds she thinks goes with them . Very good for the imagination and completely safe to play with . I am very pleased with these animals .
 OK , so they smell of plastic , and they are made in China . Should Learning Resource return the production of ALL of their materials to the USA ? and then should we be willing to pay more ? Yes . Having said that , I studied a great many farm animals before making this purchase . I wanted our grandson to use his imagination , have animals that were durable and fit in his hands so all the farms that make noises were out . Fisher Price , what have you done ? Can you buy a silent barn these days ? Are we trying to erase all imaginative play with so many toys now coming with their own soundtracks ? So these animals are great . They only make the noise that you make . He 'll make his own farmyard with blocks and lincoln logs.Rip open the bag when they arrive and let them air out . Then wash in hot , sudsy water , and if they still smell , wash them again . I 'm trying to buy American , so Learning Resources , help us out here . Should have given them a 4 star since they are n't made here , but then I found no farm animals that were .
 My 2yr old LOVES these . They stand on their own , are not too hard nor too soft . I do n't think I 'll have to worry about a cow putting a hole in the wall in the midst of a temper tantrum . These are sized appropriately -LRB- horse is bigger than cow , pig bigger than chicken , etc. -RRB- and they fit right in with the set of jungle animals . I really want to get all the sets , they are great quality and I think they will last a long time .
 11 month old son loves this animal set . The horse and cow are quite large , but are lightweight , which is want we needed for our infant . My only complaint is the seams where the necks were attached to the bodies is very evident and the paint job on the cow is messy .
 These animals are large for little hands are painted nicely and do NOT smell contray to other posts . My daughter loves saying the type of animal and the noise they make . I would recommend this to anyone who is looking for animal figures .
 My almost 2 year old son is in love with his animals . He likes to set them up on the table while he eats . He frequently says the name of the animal and makes their sound . They are perfect because they are large enough , but not too large . They are very durable . I plan on buying more animal collections from this company .
 These animals are simple , large , plastic figures . They are perfect for little hands to grab on to and can really take a beating . My two year old son loves them .
 Amazing , Perfect Size,Life-Like , Helped with Speech Therapy ! These are exactly what I had been looking for at a good price ! Most animal sets you find are cheap , extremely small , and not life-like -LRB- a recent purchase a Wal-mart resulted in a miniature 1 inch solid blue pelican -RRB- . These have been extremely helpful in engaging my son to talk . He can now name every animal and has begun to name their features -LRB- horns , tail , etc. -RRB- . I would recommend these for all kids . They are a large size -LRB- even the goose is 4 inches tall -RRB- and wo n't get easily lost in the carpets-that is if your child puts them down for that long !
 I bought the first set -LRB- Jungle Animals -RRB- for my son when he was 15 months old . He has loved them so much that I have now purchased the farm animals , the bugs and the domestic pets . I intend to collect all of the sets for him . They are a little pricey but Amazon seems to be the cheapest that you can find . We have had a couple of small issues with the craftsmanship . The first set we purchased the gorilla had holes around the seam of his neck . Amazon kindly sent us a new shipment and provided a free shipping label for the return of the defected set . The second set of animals we purchased were the farm animals and the pig 's neck is a little messy around the seam but it was n't bad enough for us to ship back.My son is now 20 months old and he literally plays with these EVERYDAY . He has learned all of the animals names and sounds and now he is trying to learn to count them . I think he will be able to play with these for years to come . You will not regret your purchase of these great toys .
 I bought these farm animals to go with a wooden barn that I bought for my 4 y/o . They are perfect ! I had trouble finding some that were big enough , and I love that they include so many different kinds of animals .
 It was difficult to find farm animals for infants that are not choking hazards . We are giving these to our son for his first Christmas . The quality of the animals is fine . Not stellar , the paint is a little funny in places , and you can see the neck seams on a few of the animals . All of the animals in our set stand up just fine except for the sheep which can stand up but leans a little bit . We like that the animals are scaled -- the horse is the biggest and the rooster is the smallest . -LRB- Although since the rooster is small , he wo n't be able to play with that unsupervised -- choking hazard -RRB- . We think our son will have lots of fun playing with these animals . They seem very durable . We like them and are glad that we purchased them .
 Very realistic and the large size are great for small hands . Worked very well with the large John Deere Barn purchased at the same time . Highly recommend .
 My son likes animals , but not the tiny ones that come in a tube . He plays with this big honkers all the time .
 This is the 3rd set of these animals I 've purchased . I teach preschool special ed and I have a classroom set that has held up for multiple years , a set for my 2 1/2 year at home and one of my student 's parents asked me to purchase a set for them to have at home . Great size and very durable !
 Toys look great , love the detail and perfect sizes . The only complaint I have is a small one , the toys have a horribly strong plastic smell . Tis wo n't be a problem after some time I hope , am leaving the box open in a room for a couple of days to see if it goes away . This wo n't be a problem for people who do n't mind that smell.I did look up on the Learning Resourcea website , and they are indeed made from `` durable non-toxic plastic '' . So should the baby get ahold of one I will try not to be too worried about the chemicals in themProduct site here
 I bought this toy for my daughter who is 16 months old . She enjoys them . As she grows , I know she will play with them even more and love them . The only problem I have is that they are not all jumbo and I just saw some plastic animals at a store in the dollar bin that looked pretty good too . Great toy but I think they should be a little cheaper .
 excellent . My daugfhter has played with these regularly since 12 months -LRB- she 's now 20month -RRB- . They are a good size and dont fill with water if you put them into the bath
 I ordered a set of the farm animals for my grandson 's 2nd birthday . He plays with them non-stop , and I have since ordered the domestic pet set , the forest set , and the zoo animals set . I am extremely pleased with all of them . The larger size is perfect for preschoolers , the animals stand easily , and are very realistic . The seams described in some other reviews are barely noticeable , and do not detract from the realistic appearance of the animals . Love , love , love them !
 We got our son a huge John Deere barn for Christmas and did n't want small farm animals ! These animals are pefect size and very durable . I can not wait till we go back to Germany to get to play with these again ! Its a lot of fun . They are by no means life size but to him they were pretty close ! : -RRB-
 I got these for my daughter for Christmas -LRB- she was 18 mos then -RRB- . She LOVES these animals , as do almost all other children who come over to our house . She loves the handled box they came in almost as much as the animals . Be forewarned , the quality is a bit lacking . The seams are noticable and on some animals not precisely aligned ; and some of the feet are in strage positions making it hard to stand up the animal . But overall , I would recommend these , especially for toddlers . The size ca n't be beat . And the general representation of the real animals is good ; the are not too cartoony or creepy , but have nice , gentle expressions . Your child will love these despite their flaws .
 I really like these toys . They are good quality and dont hurt even my littlest baby when they play with them .
 These have been a nice addition to the toy box . The only complaint is that the sheep 's feet were not straight and so it barely stands up . But we 've used them to teach her the names in both English and Spanish and the sounds . Everytime she sees a cow now -LRB- whether on a milk carton , in a commercial , on a billboard -RRB- she says &#34; vaca -- mooooo &#34; .
 who have taken an interest in all the farm animals ... animals are a nice size as well ... much better than the tiny animals in some sets
 These were great and grandbaby loves them . Plays with them and large enough , and sturdy enough to last . Not cheaply made .
 This product is wonderful . It big for little toddlers , , durable , , and fun to play with . Would recommend any parent to get for their young children
 I thought the price was a little high , but my wife made me purchase this product regardless . I must admit , this product was worth every dime . Our youngest grand daughter -LRB- 18 months -RRB- has played with these animals relentlessly . Of all her toys these animals are by far her favorite . After all the fun excitement died down , with all the new Christmas gifts , she was right back to playing and talking to her Jumbo Animals .
 The animals are nice and big . Easy for small hands to play with . Looking forward to purchasing more of the same .
 Perfect for little hands who are learning animal sounds . These are not tiny , so you do n't have to worry about safety . Promotes imaginative play . Durable , so you can wash them .
 Bought this for my youngest son . Amazing how many hours of play he had with these things . They 're sturdy and provide hours of imaginary fun .
 My children -LRB- ages 2 years , 3 years and another 2 year old -RRB- love animals , they have a wooden barn and LOVE playing farm . We had a set of the bucket of tiny farm animals that make you scream bloody murder when you step on them in the dark , and my children do n't really enjoy those animals . I saw these and knew I had to give them a try.Pros : Large , good fit for little handsSturdyNot cartoon lookingGood priceCons : We can see some seams , but really , it 's not that big of deal , my kids do n't even notice.Overall , I love these animals . It 's good quality for a great price and I think any kid that likes animals will love these . I would reccomend these to a friend or family member and would probably purchase as a gift for the right kid .
 This set was bought for my young son who loves this . He has had it now for 2 weeks and he spends a lot of time playing with these . Happy to recommend .
 I got these for my Grandson 1 & 1/2 Years old for Christmas . I did n't want anything that he might swallow . These are large enough but small enough for him to carry in one hand . There very tough made I think he 'll get a lot of fun out of them .
 Great , great animal set ! My 25 month old daughter is just NUTS about animals ! Our 14 mo. old son likes them too - He 's just learning animal names and these are a help .1 . Love that there is a good variety - horse , cow , sheep , goat , pig , rooster , goose .2 . Animals are a nice size - perfect for little hands .3 . Even though they are a little big , our kids love to use them with the Little People Farm set .4 . Our kids like to play games with them - where is the rooster ... ? Or , because they are a good size we 'll take something small , like a soup cracker or something and hide it under , on top of , beside , etc. an animal . Then ask , `` where is the cracker ? It 's * under * the cow ... `` The only con ... . There is no wild animals set ! We 'd buy another set if they offered one .
 My 9 month-old got these for Christmas and they are just perfect . She enjoys inspecting them and I talk about the names of the animals and the sounds they make . I know she will use them for a long time . The child I watch is almost 2 and he LOVES lining them up and making their sounds . They are fairly light , so when the kids whack each other with them it wo n't hurt much ! The sizes are good and the paint is well done for the low price . I just hate when toy animals have human-like dopey expressions and these do n't ! The jungle set is just as nice -LRB- we got that , too -RRB- .
 I thought this toy was a bit expensive , but these are a nice size and nice quality . My baby daughter , 20 months , sets these up in a row and makes the animal sounds and entertains herself . It 's a favorite toy in our house and worth the money in the end , I think they will last a long time .
 `` Learning Resources Jumbo Farm Animals '' is a wonderful set of farm animals - except for the fact all but the goose and rooster appear to have been guillotined and then had their heads re-attached . The distinct mold line around the larger animals ' necks is the only flaw adults will find in this set - toddlers pay no attention to that minor detail . The fact that the seam line is not rough or sharp saved this set a star - had the seams been sharp , excessively prominent , or rough , I would have downgraded the rating.Realistic in proportion and detail , the Learning Resources Jumbo Farm Animals set includes several barnyard creatures that are not found in smaller farm animal sets . The addition of the goat , duck , and rooster , instead of a hen , add variety to your little one 's livestock . The horse , which is the largest animal , is about 8 '' tall ; other animals are sized appropriately to realistically approximate real-life proportions . The animals are done in true-to-life colors , are sturdy , and , with the exception of the neck mold-line , nicely finished.With no regard to size differences , my grandzson has happily incorporated these animals into his Little People Farm Set . The Learning Resources Jumbo Farm Animal set is currently his favorite toy and has been since he received it as a Christmas gift . It is well worth the price ; like others , I wish Learning Resources had a wild animal set as I would purchase it as well . You will not be disappointed if you decide to purchase the Learning Resources Jumbo Farm Animal set . This is a 5-star item .
 Ordered for a 21 month old boy recently in our care . It was suggested that it would be good to purchase some plastic play animals to help him learn . I read all the reviews on plastic animals and decided on the jumbo animals.Then I researched which animal set might be the best to help him learn names and sounds and how to play.I decided on the farm animals because they all had sounds that a child could mimic and that was a main intention of getting these . They are perfect size for him to hold . They are a sort of soft plastic , so he can squeeze them.All of the animals stand upright just fine , except for the sheep . It tends to fall over easily , but the child does n't seem to mind . When he first saw these , his eyes lit up and he said `` OH !!!!! '' . Made my day . He insisted on taking them all to bed with him and wanted them when he first woke up . We have been going over the names and sounds and he is doing really well in imitating them.I also bought a couple of farm books to show him the animals and we play with the animals while reading . He 's not a fan of the books , but he still likes the animals.I wish I had purchased these sooner , as they were a big hit.They have n't been in the tub yet , so do not know how well they handle being placed under water . Each animal , that I can figure out , has a very small pin hole near their neck . If you squeeze the animal , air comes out that hole . Not sure if being submerged will fill the animals or not.When I first opened the package , there was a smell . It was the smell , if you have ever experienced as a child , when you buy a plastic beach ball or blow up raft . It 's that smell.In half a day , the smell was gone . There is a plastic ridge around each neck . I was worried it meant that animals heads might come off . That is not a concern as the animals is all one piece . The child , nor myself care about the ridges.He loves them , they are helpful , fun , and instructional.I would say these are totally worth the money !
 My child is obsessed with farm animals and was so happy to get these jumbo sized pets to love ! She still puts toys in her mouth -LRB- a lot despite being almost 3yrs old -RRB- so it is nice not to worry about her swallowing these little guys . They stand really well so there is no frustration with amimals falling down . The only problem I see is finding a barn big enough that we can put them in ... overall we are very happy with this toy !
 I bought the farm , forest and jungle animal sets for the grandchildren to play with in the sand box and tub . I was very impressed with the construction and that they are completely sealed so that water and sand does not get into them . They wash off really easy and are very life like . The grandchildren really loved them . They are soft plastic and great for my youngest grandson as well . He is just 14 months . Very Very happy with this purchase . Thank you
 The Jumbo Farm Animals is basically a very nice toy.PROS
 These animals are large enough for my just-turned-two-year-old grandkids to hold and play with easily . They are very durable -LRB- we 've had them for almost a year -RRB- and their colors are very realistic . These animals were a very worthwhile purchase .
 The animals were life like and were sturdy enough for children to spend many hours in playing with them . The colors are bright . We have a lot of fun with them .
 Not like other animals purchased but ok.cant say they like these that much but i do , want to purchase others
 These toys were quite nice for my two year son . He still plays with them to this day . Durable plastic .
 My 2 yr old boy loves loves loves these farm animals ! They are jumbo and great for pretend play . I would have liked there to be a couple more animals included but they are worth the money . He loves telling us what the animal is and the noise it makes . This product is perfect for young toddlers !
 My three year old loves these animals . They are huge ! But they come in a reusable box with a handle so he can put them away and carry them to grandma 's house . I also like that ours came with an Animal Fact Sheet , we get to talk about all the interesting notes . Great for learning .
 My grandson is just learning the names of different animals and these large easy to manipulate farm animals were just perfect for his small hands to hold and lifelike enough to give him a genuine perspective to the real thing .
 Great quality , life like , and my two year old plays with them everyday ! He loves animals ! I highly recommend this product !
 He has the Little People farm sets -LRB- a few of them -RRB- , but these big animals were a big hit . He asked Santa for another farm for Xmas and this received a large amount of positive reviews . Glad I made the purchase
 My kids -LRB- 2 and 4 -RRB- love these animals ! They play with them constantly . They have them march in parades , use them when they play Barbies , they take them in the bath , in the car , you name it . They 're great , sturdy little animals , and there are lots ! No complaints here .
 My toddler received the farm animal set as a Christmas gift and he was very excited to open the package and start playing . These are very detailed figures and are just the right size for small hands - no choking hazards either . His imagination can run wild with these fun animals !
 This was a gift for my 17-mo . old grandson . It is wonderful . The pieces are large and colorful . Just perfect for his barn . Since the animals are realistic looking , he will not get confused when he sees live farm animals . I 'm very pleased with this purchase .
 I bought the Learning Resources Jumbo Farm Animals and the Jumbo Domestic Pets too for my 18-month-old son . They were the only ones I could find big enough so I do n't have to worry about him swallowing them . We use them during reading time -LRB- so many children 's books hav one or more of these animals -RRB- to reinforce the names of the animals . He 's also starting to play with them independently . They seemed a little bit expensive when I bought them but it turned out to be a pretty good investment .
 take off from those video games for a day and build a garden planter with a freind , a family member , or even by your self.this kit needs a hammer , a screwdriver and paint -LRB- optional -RRB- . it includes a wooden mini greenhouse box , two small plant holders , and gardening tools.Decorating tips are included with the Kit .
 I was pleasantly surprised when we opened this gun today . It is a great `` big boy '' cowboy gun , sturdy and heavy . My son is happy ! The holster has the Texas longhorn and star on it , which is also a plus for this Native Texan ! Great toy gun . Highly recommend it if your older child wants a toy six-shooter . It might be too heavy for a young child , though . Overall , delighted with the purchase and super fast shipping -LRB- as always , Amazon is awesome ! -RRB- .
 I bought this along with several other items here as part of some cosplays I was doing , It is the most realistic looking revolver I have ever seen or used all I had to do was take off the orange cover and it looked just like an old western gun .
 I bought this for halloween and it was a good quality and did the trick , I do n't know how it performs as an actual cap gun .
 THIS GUN IS DOING WELL SO FAR ... SEEMS VERY DURABLE ... WE SHALL SEE IF IT CAN MAKE IT TILL MY SONS PARTY IN MAY
 I 've owned a few SafeTGard Adult Athletic Supporter Jockstraps for the past couple of years and this is definitely my favorite compared to other brands . I 'm a big guy , and the XXL fits perfectly . The material is comfortable , and keeps everything in place where it should be . When I receive them new , I always wash it once before I wear them because out of the box they are a bit stiff . After playing football , wrestling , and rugby for over 10 years wearing all different brands of jockstraps , this is the most comfortable jockstrap i 've ever worn .
 These are very comfortable , the fabirc is soft , yet keeps everything where it is supposed to be . Great support ! What more could you ask for in a jock strap ?
 I 'm not very athletic , so I 've never worn one of these before . But I got some surgery done and I have to wear one for a couple weeks . This one looked to be what I needed at a reasonable cost . Like another review stated , there are some loose threads that pop up every time I wash it . Do n't know how long it 'll last , but I do n't plan on wearing it much longer . The material has a very open weave . This can lead to occasional snags . Even after several washings the material is still a little scratchy . The waste band is nice . It does n't roll or bunch up . Overall it does it 's job , I just wish it was a little softer .
 I ` ve purchased several supporters from different stores that said they fit a 42 inch waist that were so tight that the band cut you in half . This brand of supporter fits snug but does n`t cut off your breathing as the others . The only con I have is that they say it ` s preshrunk but I recommend you hand wash it . I washed mine in my washer with my other clothes and it seemed to shrink some.Again I highly recommend this supporter and will order more than one the next time .
 While I ordered these a size larger than normal -LRB- based upon past experience with supporters -RRB- these are true to size . The one I purchased is too large , but I have no one to blame but myself . The material is comfortable , and am ordering one in the correct size . Gave 5 starts because of the quality of the material , sewing , and price .
 The supporter wears and fits well . but when i wash it the threading seems to be breaking down . Not sure how else to explain the thread and strings of thread hanging off of the item .
 Been wearing SafeTGard instead of briefs since some 8 years ago and would n't wear other jock , or briefs for that matter ! They fit perfectly , they 're cool , specially here in the tropics ...
 NIce feel and have held up well with usage . I do n't know what else to say , I 'm just filling up space because you have to write a minimum amount of words to complete this rating ! LOL !
 It 's not easy to find comfortable underwear , let alone a jock strap , if you 're a big guy or just not built like the models they use to advertise these types of things . Usually a jock is more comfortable for me than anything else , but most of them still are n't `` just right . '' I bought one of these just to try , and WOW best underwear I 've ever owned ! It keeps things where they need to be , does n't bind , pinch , or move around on you , the sizing is perfect , and looks sexy on top of all that -LRB- c'mon guys , we like to look sexy just like the ladies do - do n't deny it ! -RRB- . I loved it so much I came back and more -LRB- eight total -RRB- , and they 're my new daily underwear . Please do n't ever change how you make these , otherwise I may have to go commando ! The price is also unbeatable . I had the same problem some other reviewers gave where after the first two washings I saw a few rubber strands come out , but even if these only last me a year or so I 'm pleased given how inexpensive they are . Since I wear these every day as underwear , I do n't expect them to last forever anyway .
 Color option is nice . Very comfortable . Doesnt constrict like others Ive used . Great if you looking for support and less constriction overall
 Fits like the package sizing says , supports while on my biking and sporting events . I even returned a previous package because I thought I had lost more weight than I really did and they exchanged quickly and without issue . I did n't even have to pay shipping . Great !!
 wear them all the time and these are so comfortable and quite reasonably priced . they arrived on time and they wash and wear wonderfully . thanks .
 This product does just what it 's supposed to.The only downside is that the waist band is sometimes a little rough for extended wear .
 Thank you for sending this product , they are just what the docotor order and they fit very comfortable
 When i was young i got this when it came out in ' 94 . I personaly like this One of the three of its set , most of all . It 's one of the first ball-joint oriented TFers . * Does n't have a placard stuck to the back of his head . * Has both fists , unlike his team mates . * Fits in almost any scale collection .
 I wear a jock to the gym , and needed some new ones ! I made out like a bandit here ! Everything worked out-size , color and make perfect ! I 'd highly recommend both this jockstrap and Amazon to everyone !
 NIce feel and have held up well with usage . I do n't know what else to say , I 'm just filling up space because you have to write a minimum amount of words to complete this rating ! LOL !
 It 's not easy to find comfortable underwear , let alone a jock strap , if you 're a big guy or just not built like the models they use to advertise these types of things . Usually a jock is more comfortable for me than anything else , but most of them still are n't `` just right . '' I bought one of these just to try , and WOW best underwear I 've ever owned ! It keeps things where they need to be , does n't bind , pinch , or move around on you , the sizing is perfect , and looks sexy on top of all that -LRB- c'mon guys , we like to look sexy just like the ladies do - do n't deny it ! -RRB- . I loved it so much I came back and more -LRB- eight total -RRB- , and they 're my new daily underwear . Please do n't ever change how you make these , otherwise I may have to go commando ! The price is also unbeatable . I had the same problem some other reviewers gave where after the first two washings I saw a few rubber strands come out , but even if these only last me a year or so I 'm pleased given how inexpensive they are . Since I wear these every day as underwear , I do n't expect them to last forever anyway .
 Color option is nice . Very comfortable . Doesnt constrict like others Ive used . Great if you looking for support and less constriction overall
 Fits like the package sizing says , supports while on my biking and sporting events . I even returned a previous package because I thought I had lost more weight than I really did and they exchanged quickly and without issue . I did n't even have to pay shipping . Great !!
 wear them all the time and these are so comfortable and quite reasonably priced . they arrived on time and they wash and wear wonderfully . thanks .
 This product does just what it 's supposed to.The only downside is that the waist band is sometimes a little rough for extended wear .
 Thank you for sending this product , they are just what the docotor order and they fit very comfortable
 I 've owned a few SafeTGard Adult Athletic Supporter Jockstraps for the past couple of years and this is definitely my favorite compared to other brands . I 'm a big guy , and the XXL fits perfectly . The material is comfortable , and keeps everything in place where it should be . When I receive them new , I always wash it once before I wear them because out of the box they are a bit stiff . After playing football , wrestling , and rugby for over 10 years wearing all different brands of jockstraps , this is the most comfortable jockstrap i 've ever worn .
 These are very comfortable , the fabirc is soft , yet keeps everything where it is supposed to be . Great support ! What more could you ask for in a jock strap ?
 I 'm not very athletic , so I 've never worn one of these before . But I got some surgery done and I have to wear one for a couple weeks . This one looked to be what I needed at a reasonable cost . Like another review stated , there are some loose threads that pop up every time I wash it . Do n't know how long it 'll last , but I do n't plan on wearing it much longer . The material has a very open weave . This can lead to occasional snags . Even after several washings the material is still a little scratchy . The waste band is nice . It does n't roll or bunch up . Overall it does it 's job , I just wish it was a little softer .
 I ` ve purchased several supporters from different stores that said they fit a 42 inch waist that were so tight that the band cut you in half . This brand of supporter fits snug but does n`t cut off your breathing as the others . The only con I have is that they say it ` s preshrunk but I recommend you hand wash it . I washed mine in my washer with my other clothes and it seemed to shrink some.Again I highly recommend this supporter and will order more than one the next time .
 While I ordered these a size larger than normal -LRB- based upon past experience with supporters -RRB- these are true to size . The one I purchased is too large , but I have no one to blame but myself . The material is comfortable , and am ordering one in the correct size . Gave 5 starts because of the quality of the material , sewing , and price .
 The supporter wears and fits well . but when i wash it the threading seems to be breaking down . Not sure how else to explain the thread and strings of thread hanging off of the item .
 Been wearing SafeTGard instead of briefs since some 8 years ago and would n't wear other jock , or briefs for that matter ! They fit perfectly , they 're cool , specially here in the tropics ...
 It 's a great plushie for panda or plushie lovers alike . Mine included the bamboo leaf.The fur is very soft and toy appears high quality , so it 's great for play or decoration .
 Cute , sturdy and cuddly panda.I got it for my niece 's birthday.I am Very pleased with the quality and craftmanship !
 This is soooo cute . I bought it for someone who loves pandas , and they absolutely love it . My dog tries to get his teeth on it every now and then , but it 's very durable .
 great little stuffed bear . makes a great gift for kids or anyone that just loves pandas . description said it didnt come with the bamboo , but mine had a felt bamboo sewn in his mouth . overall ... too cute and great if you need a panda , haha
 Thanks Amazon ! This Panda is an GREAT value for the money and the quality is better than expected . I 'm purchasing another on my next order !
 I got this stuffed panda as a gift for my boyfriend and it is the softest most adorable thing ever ! I do n't understand the other reviews saying that the panda did not have bamboo in it 's mouth because the one I got does .
 I really enjoy the make and feel of my panda , but it did n't have any bamboo in its mouth -- I had misread the product description before and was expecting it to come with the panda , so be aware that it does n't . Aside from that , I could n't be happier : -RRB-
 Even after my cat chewed the plastic bamboo off of this panda , it is still by far my favorite in the collection . Very well made even by my exacting standards , and irresistably cute . Not the most snuggly stuffed panda ever made , but definately has personality .
 We really like the Funster Puppets . We bought a blue one last year and his name is Moe . THis year we are adding to the family his sister Flo . We use these for Vacation bible school . I like the size and the versatility of being able to go in throught the back or the bottom . It also comes with the stick to be able to move the hands . We are adding pony tails to Flo the pink one to really bring out that little girl personality .
 I got this puppet at the same time as the Green one , great fast delivery ordered it on the 6th April and it arrived 24th April not long to wait as i 'm in the UK.My wife love 's the Pink one more than the Green one , my only trouble left is to name them but i 'm sure my kid 's will love that . I have seven puppet 's now but that will soon grow the moment the Blue Monster is back in stock , thank you puupet revelation for making these great puppet 's i ' v been looking for a monster puppet for a long time . they are fun and now they are the stars of my puppet family they are so cute everyone will want to play and interact with them .
 I purchased this for my 23 month old grandson for Christmas . He 's all boy and loves to play with cars and trains , run and jump , and generally do fairly loud activities . I thought it would be nice to have a quiet activity he could do on his own ... and I was right . After showing him how to string the beads , he will sit by himself for 15 or 20 minutes and totally focus on stringing the beads . And he 's so proud of himself when he gets each bead on ! He also likes to identify the color of each bead he 's putting on the string . A note
 I had been looking for beads for my 2 year old . She seemed ready for something new and expressed interest in beads that her friend had . I like to find painted toys made in the USA and this fit the bill . They are very well made . There are no rough edges and the paint goes through the bead . I wanted to order from my locally owned toy store , but they found out that the company is discontinuing these . I hope it is not true , but I was so happy to get them when I did . My daughter loves them . It is hard for her to string them on , but she works very hard and I see her using them for many years .
 These are just too cute ! I bought these for small nieces and for birthday gifts . The bear is darling - cute retro design on a nice green bear . Ty is always a good product , so I knew I was getting a GREAT deal for less than $ 2.50 each bear ! I went back and ordered more ... My 7 yr old daughter has 4 girl classmates whom she will miss when we move at the end of the school year . I bought these bears to give to each friend -LRB- along with other little things -RRB- for each to remember my daughter by -LRB- who will also be given the same bear -- a friendship bonding bear -RRB- . EXCELLENT DEAL - ca n't go wrong !
 Size
 It looks awesome ! It is a lot smaller than I anticipated , but it looks great in my son 's room . He thinks it 's so cool ! However , better get it while they 're really young due to the small bench size .
 Loved the school house and the additional playground pieces and flag . The best piece I have ordered for the train display .
 Very pleased with this purchase . I had various ` properties ' from Plasticville as a child and this one did not disappoint . No problem with assembly and look forward to my grandsons enjoying for many years to come .
 I am a baby-holic and have expensive taste . I received this book as a gift and LOVE it . I have been reading it to my baby since he was four months -LRB- he 's now seven -RRB- and it is by far his favorite book . He loved looking at the interactive images during tummy time , it was the only thing I could do to stop him from crying on his stomach . Now that he 's moving , I use it to lure him to crawl and it works wonders . I have other soft books but this one has more crinkly paper which works well . I have even read it to a 3 year old toddler and he ca n't stop reciting the words . This is definitely my next baby shower gift !!!
 This is a great book for infants and toddlers . It is soft and has several flaps to lift , under which baby is hididng . The flaps have different textures and/or make different noises . It is also very colorful with simple text that teaches different prepositions
 My son is 8 months and does n't really show that much interest in it right now . Though I am sure that will change as he is ever changing .
 My 4 month old granddaughter and her mom and dad love this book . She already lifts up the flaps and loves the mirror at the end .
 This is a bright and interactive book for infants and toddlers . It bothers me that the baby under the table is n't hidden by the tablecloth , but then that would n't make much sense as a tablecloth goes . Fun read !
 My baby received this book around his second month birthday . Today he is older than five months and he STILL loves playing with this book . It keeps him occupied a good 15 minutes each time I hand it to him . The thick and soft , puffy pages are easy for clumsy , pudgy baby fingers to grab onto , and each page has a different textured cloth , behind which the storybook baby is hiding . We received many nice baby books as gifts but this is the only one he can play with by himself . It 's virtually indestructible -- he spit up all over it and I easily cleaned it . The only weakness in this product is the yellow attachment loop at the top
 Cute little book for baby . Lots of nice noises , pages crinkle , rattle , squeek , etc. . Bright colors and different textures that baby will love . Like all Jellycat products this seemed like is was designed just for my little guy ! You can see in the picture that this book has a little loop so you can attach it to stroller , shopping cart , etc. ... the loop has velcro so you can attach it easily LOVE this ! Also every other fabric soft book I have got has very rough `` adult '' velcro on it ... this book has micro velcro so when my son chews on it -LRB- which he does a lot -RRB- he wont scratch his gums !!!!!!!! Top quality
 I ordered this as a Christmas gift . My nephew was very excited and could tell not wait to get home and play .
 I ordered this rocker for my son . The rocker came in nicely package . Amazon added another outside corrugate box to provide additional protection from damage during shipping . The assembly of rocker was simple . It took me about 1/2 hour to put it up . You should see my son 's reaction when he saw this rocker . It was priceless .
 We received this rocker as a gift for our nursery . The assembly was so easy to do . They separate all the pieces to match up to the diagram shown for each step . It includes a card that you can insert a picture of your little one in , and send to the person who gave you the rocker ! The bottom of the seat has a little poem that you can put the giver and receiver 's names into ! Once put together , it was very sturdy ! Remember it is a rocker and not a toy ! We love this !
 Only one thing not so good . When we first time opened the jar , it had strong paint smell . It took a week or so leaving the blocks outside of the box to get rid of the smell .
 We bought these blocks for our 2-year-old daughter . They are recommended for 3-year-olds , probably due to their 1 '' square size , so she does not play with them unsupervised . They seem fairly well durable but I only gave them four stars because some of the pictures are faint and can barely be seen ; it 's like the pictures/numbers/letters were n't completely printed on the blocks . The jug does hold all of the blocks but you may have to spin or shake the jug to help shake the blocks down .
 My son loves his blocks and these are just added to the growing collection of blocks that he has , you can make them educational by asking him to find you colors or numbers . Ca n't beat the price at all .
 This made a great christmas gift ! The seller was great ! Would buy from again in a heartbeat !
 These blocks are sturdy and make a great gift for a child . Good value - they are much higher at toy stores . Prompt shipping , buy with confidence !
 definitely a good bargain . lots of wood pieces are enough to build bridges and castles . only thing is the shapes are not variable .
 A great toy . The blocks are brightly coloured and have even surfaces for stacking , building towers . No chips or dents yet .
 There is nothing you can not do with these . I bought them originally for my 1 yr old to play with . After opening them I realized some blocks are a little small for her and pose a choking hazard if left unattended . So , I gave them to my 6 yr old to use for homeschooling . We use them mainly for math while doing tangibles and working on + - x and / . But , when we 're done with math she LOVES just using them for free play . I got them on sale locally cuz the box was damaged -LRB- blocks were n't -RRB- for $ 8 . I do think they are easily worth $ 20-25 though .
 Much better than cheeper plastic blocks . Was worth the extra to get the solid wood blocks . Paint stays on better than I thought . A few fell victim to the dog , but otherwise a year later they 're still all alive and fighting !
 I love this set . All the good shapes and colors and the box itself ot the storage/carry-case for the blocks .
 I originally bought these for my 3 year old daughter who loves to stack and build random things . She likes to play with them , but my 8 year old daughter will Duh for hours building towns , towers and whatever else she can think up . I am amazed - she generally loses focus on any task after a couple of minutes . These simple blocks really help promote creativity .
 My child care kids love these ! They are used in the play kitchen as &#34; food &#34; , to build big towers to knock over and as walls in between play areas . They play with these over all toys all day . I love that the paint on them is non toxic : -RRB-
 I bought these for my daughter about a year ago and she still gets them out to play with at least once a week . She loves telling my the shapes and colors . I think my only regret with this one is I should 've bought two so she could build bigger things I would highly recommend this toy !
 I bought these for the bath and then thought how about the pool . Yes my two year old sits on baby steps and loves playing with these . While my 3 year old throws them and swims to them . They are great for this . As for everyday play time in the house . No i bought the -LRB- WOOD -RRB- blocks for the that . They love those to . :-RRB- -RRB- -RRB-
 I purchased this toy because I thought that it could teach a child just turning 3 about colors and shapes . My son says our Grandson loves it and plays with it all the time . I love the fact that it is a toy that a child can use his imagination and can play with for hours instead of minutes like some other toys . Very good purchase .
 I bought this because I think that , with all of the Legos and battery operated toys out there , some things get overlooked which should n't . Blocks , in one form or another , have existed for hundreds of years . They are perfect for teaching balance , shape and color recognition , fine motor skills and a bunch of other things . There are so many things you can do with them that they ca n't help but spur some imagination . Even if that means building them up and then knocking them down with remote controlled cars.My 2.5 year old likes them but has n't played with them too much . I 'm sure as he gets older he will start building with them and using them with other toys as I did as a child . At least they will be there when his interest peaks . Right now , he 's still all about trains !
 I bought this when it was on sale for $ 10 and I think for that price it 's a decent deal . The blocks are on the smaller side and weigh lighter than I thought they would being made of wood . I think they would be better if they were a little bigger . And they are almost too smooth so they slide off each very easily making it harder to build things -LRB- especially for little kids -RRB- . For younger toddlers they can work good for sorting colors and shapes , and then as they get older it should be easier to build with these small , slightly slippery blocks .
 These blocks are very high quality and very colorful which are engaging to youngsters of all ages . I gave them to my 2-year-old grandson and he had a ball !
 These blocks are great fun , my 2 year old daughter is loving them ! Lots of fun stacking possibilities , a great assortment and good quality blocks , no rough edges to be found !
 This was a great box of colored blocks in shapes easy for smaller hands to grab . Different from so many toys out now , the child is the creator . Best at helping them be creative and imaginative !
 Different sizes of blocks than the other 2 sets we have at school . Preschool students love to see what kinds of towers they can make , and today they made ` railroad ' tracks with them . They 've been a hit .
 This toy was purchased for a 24 month old girl - the colors and shapes are stimulating and fun for her . It 's a great value and as all of the products from Melissa & Doug have been -LRB- that we 've tried -RRB- - it 's durable and the packaging makes for a handy storage and carrying case.Some supervision should be provided to your little architect - this product contains parts that could cause injury -LRB- sharp-ish edges , very hard wood -RRB- if thrown or fallen upon .
 I was a little nervous to get our 2-year old daughter wooden blocks . In the past , she 's always had foam or `` squeaky '' blocks to keep from getting hurt -LRB- or , more likely , hurting someone else -RRB- , but those were so hard to stack more than two blocks high without everything falling over . I 'm glad I went ahead and got these - she 's having so much fun building things , she does n't get frustrated with them and spends a lot of time playing . Plus she loves to tell us the colors and shapes of the blocks , so she 's really reinforcing those new skills , too !
 My 2and half year old son loves this . he piles it makes buildings , makes chuchu trains , makes all kinda stuff andit is very educational
 The kids love them . Lots of pieces to build more than one object at a time . Bright primary colors .
 These blocks are sturdy and fun to play with . My 2.5 year old daughter loves to build towers as tall as she is with them .
 They were cool , my daughter wasnt as excited as i thought she would be in the beginning but i have noticed shes playing with them more often . I purchased them for her 2nd birthday . Wish the blocks came in a reusable storage bin because the blocks are everywhere ! I find the whole set when i organize her toys about once a month . I also wished they were slightly bigger because her little brother finds them and try to eat them and some are small enough to fit into his mouth even my daughter imagines them as play food . thumbs up nonetheless
 This was bought for a child that loves to build things , she loved them and has intergrated them with other blocks she has.She is totally happy .
 Both of my children -LRB- 5 and 2 -RRB- LOVE these blocks . They will sit at the table and build `` castles '' and `` towers '' for an hour straight . The box they came in is a good storage case , and the variety of shapes makes the possibilities endless . Or would if we had 3 more sets of blocks.They are small , and will not stack well on carpet . Using a hard stacking surface removes the `` tumbling '' frustration for us , except when one child wants to build and the other wants to demolish . That 's no fault of the blocks . In my opinion , their size is great for the development of hand-eye coordination and finer motor skills.My only complaint , and the reason for 4 stars instead of 5 , is that some of the paint has already begun to chip off some corners . I am a little concerned about the long term durability , though I suppose that is purely a cosmetic issue and they will still stack even with chipped paint .
 I love blocks for kids , it allows them to explore and create . The only thing you would need to watch out for is for them not to throw them at you when you tell them to put them away . LOL .
 I bought these blocks for my son who is 3 . He loves building with the blocks , and he puts all the colors together . The product is very durable , and the box is convenient storage . I recommend this product for anyone that has children who are entering VPK or Preschool because it teaches them their primary colors and and shapes , also the ability to build on their own .
 Many people complained about the small size of the blocks but I think they are perfect . My son and I build towers and castles and can also use them to sort by shape or color . Great fun , great quality and great educational value .
 I got this for one of my nieces because she loves to just stack and build things ! I loved how colorful the blocks were and loved that they came in their own box -- easy clean up and storage!The blocks were a hit and she loves having them ! I love seeing her build and just get creative .
 This is a great set , it looks very durable . My daughter is getting them for her bday so I ca n't say much about the paint I have read some mixed review , but it seems pretty durable .
 oOr daughter loved this toy at 6 months old when we gave it to her and still loves it 3 months later . No doubt she 'll play with it for a long time . So many opportunities to learn shapes , colors , coordination and creativity . A great buy
 I am a melissa and Doug fan . I have purchased several of their toys for my granddaughter and have been very happy with each purchase . These blocks have great color and my granddaughter loves stacking and bulidng with them .
 I bought these blocks for my 3 year old grandson for Christmas 2009 . My daughter actually thought that these were `` old fashioned , '' but guess what -- over a month later and out of all of the toys he received , what does he play with EVERY SINGLE DAY ? Yes , the blocks . When his cousins visit they , too , head for the blocks . These blocks are durable and lead free and are brightly colored and attractive.Some of the concepts that can be taught with these blocks
 Although the blocks themselves are all much smaller than I had imagined -LRB- choking hazards not for the young child -RRB- , they are great little blocks!I bought them when my son was 2 and he is 4 now and still making castles and towers with them . A timeless toy and child is sure to enjoy .
 I think this is good toys for kids . unfortunately , the color is not too much and shape not too many
 This is a fun block set . My two year old loves it . We play all the time . Our set was bought used and was missing a few blocks , but for the most part it is a great item .
 our grandchildren love to build with these blocks . Small houses to tall buildings . Highly recommend these blocks to all . Top quality material .
 Got it for my son on Christmas and do not regret it . My 1 yr old loves it ... the colors do not fade , and even though they were smaller than what I expected , they did their purpose !!
 Bought this for my grandson and ca n't say enough good . He 's only 3 but I think the blocks are far more entertaining than other more intricate toys we buy our children to occupy them with . He and I build and tear down structures together for hours making it quite the interactive project that every parent should do and grandparent with their children . Keeping in mind it is educational as well . You go over shapes , you count with them and it gives their little brains that creativity they thrive on .
 The box holding the box fell apart but the blocks very high quality an I would have given a 5 star but I was planning on using box as storage . Great buy
 my son loves these blocks the only thing i do n't really like is that they do n't really stay in place as well as i thought but my son does n't care long as he can make what ever is in his imagination .
 I bought this for my grandson , and he absolutely loves this . He plays with it all the time . It 's a great toy for a child to use his imagination . The blocks are different sizes , very durable , as well as colorful . This keeps him busy for hours ! This is a very good set for a very affordable price .
 The kids use there imagination and have a blast , for long stretches of time . I 've bought numerous games and toys , but simple things like these wood blocks get far more use and value for your dollar .
 My almost 3.5 year old daughter enjoys building castles and rockets with these colorful blocks . She 's pretty coordinated for her age , so the smaller size is not a problem , and I think that they will keep her interest for several years . I love that she can use her imagination to create things and that the blocks are made of wood . According to Doug and Melissa 's and previous reviews , the paint is safe .
 I bought these for my daughter when she was almost 2 years old . She did n't really like them that much . Now that she 's almost 3 she likes to spend a lot of time playing with these blocks . She likes me to join her and gets rather bossy by telling me , `` Daddy , let 's start stacking these blocks ! '' She builds all kinds of things , knocks them down , laughs , repeat . She knows all of the shapes and colors , which has made them a good learning tool . But remember , kids need your help to learn because without someone to teach them colors , shapes , and how to stack them , they are just blocks with little to no wisdom .
 I was shopping around for an educational toy that my 19 month old daughter could play with . I wanted something that was simple , yet suited for a budding young mind . I recently purchased these blocks after reading the reviews -LRB- something I always do prior to making a purchase -RRB- . From the reviews I read that the blocks are slippery , the paint chips easily , and that they do n't stay stacked up if playing on a particular floor surface . Well , I do n't agree with any of those observations . My experience has been rather positive . I like the vivid colors , the sturdy design , and the number of pieces . The blocks include smaller pieces and are recommended for ages 3 and up . My nearly 20 mo. old plays with these with me . I was n't disappointed at all .
 I bought 4 packages of these block for my second grade students , and it has been money well spent ! The students have very low linguistic skills and are very reluctant to speak , but they are very verbal when playing with these blocks , which is awesome to see / hear . They made some cool structures -LRB- castles , sidewalks , etc. -RRB- and were fully engaged . Awesome product ! I highly recommend it .
 These blocks are great , my grandkids have a ball building towers and bridges , I was bringing in chunks of 2x4 for them to play with until one of the towers fell on my grandsons toe ! ... never hurt till he seen the blood ! . . anyway . . they love them , also our Jack Russell loves them too when they forget to pic one up . . will probably need to buy some more in a while !
 I bought one of each of these for my niece and nephew . They both use them all the time and we love to build towers together . They are just 1 1/2 years old and I know that they will be using these far into the future . I highly recommend this product .
 I bought this for our neighbors 3 year old daughter that I sit for every week . It was one of her favorite Xmas presents and we play with these blocks for hours on end . She 's learned how two different triangles make a square or rectangle . She 's learned how different shapes interact and best of all , she loves to knock em all down after we build things .
 My three year old daughter really likes it - yes it is small & easy to knock over - but she & I find that to be challenging & fun ! We spend at least 30-45 minutes building a project & she is always smiling & plotting her next move . She especially likes to knock them over when she is done .
 I ordered these blocks to occupy my 3 year old grandchild when she visits , and she loves them . Her 11 year old sister and her father also play with them ! I would love to find other classic toys for this bunch.Grandma Carolyn
 Really fun blocks the children can imagine and do unbelievable things with these . I wish you could see some of the buildings and parks they can create it is awesome !!
 I wish I had read the reviews BEFORE I had bought these , however my 2yr old was n't deterred by their small size . They are great quality , but with small blocks 100 is n't a lot .
 My only disappointment with this toy way that the blocks were smaller than I thought and that there just do n't seem to be that many pieces . My two year old loves to built towers though . And , I ca n't say enough for the other Melissa and Doug toys we have and their quality.I would say that each rectangular piece is maybe 3 inches by 1 inch.The entire boy was maybe 18 inches by 12 inches by 4 inches . It just seemed small for 100 pieces . Still a great classic toy though !
 These blocks are ok . Simple toy that is done right . They are wood blocks , but a little small for the younger ones , but our little guy just liked to knock them down after we had built a small castle.A few complaints :1 . They smell . Even to this day -LRB- 8 months after purchase -RRB- they still smell odd . I do n't know if it is the paint they use or what but it can be annoying in smaller spaces .2 . A few have splintered a bit and this causes us to have to sand it down or throw out the piece for safety reasons . We were a little surprised by this .3 . The storage box is thin cardboard . We had to find a different storage solution in a matter of minutes , as the box got destroyed . On their other wood block set they provide a heavy duty wood crate for storage . I 'm not asking for that for this product , but something a little more substantial would be great .
 My son loves these blocks . Make sure you buy something to keep them in because the box does n't last long if you can get the blocks back in the box at all .
 I got these for my two and six year olds . They have used them every day since then . They are smaller in size so they are great for their fine motor skills .
 I bought these blocks for our grandson who just turned two , and he loves them ! They are easy to handle and the bright colors add to his enjoyment . i am impressed with Melissa and Doug products as a whole , and I felt like these blocks were a very worthwhile purchase .
 Light weight and small enough for little hands . My 2 year old loves these colorful blocks . She 's gotten really good at stacking them and then showing off her creations . Hours of fun .
 My 3 & 4 year old have enjoyed building with these blocks . They might be on the verge of being too old for them though as they are showing preference for more intricate building sets .
 This is one of my granddaughter 's favorite toys now . Creativity as well-as eye-hand coordination are all supported by this classic toy . As much as she loves her Duplos and other such blocks , the bright basic and colors and basic shapes are very attractive to her . Lots of fun to build ... lots of fun to knock down !
 I bought this for my son he asked santa for wood play blocks i went everywhere finaly i found them at mrijer and they were $ 15 and you got like 70 or 75 pieces so i checked out amazon and found these so i bought two boxes both my six year old and my nine year old love them and play wirh them everyday they are solid wood and bright colors so the younger kids love them too it is a great buy and will probably order more so they can build even more things
 These were a great basic buy . I bought these for my daughter when she was 18 months old and she is not 3 and still plays with them all the time and now her little sister is too . They are a great color and great for stacking !
 Everthing went well ! Great product as described . Will do business again . Awesome company to do business with . The product was exactly what we wanted . Thanks .
 These blocks are wonderful for kids to build with . The colors are bright and the many shapes gives the user a chance to build several different things .
 Just got them and they look/feel great . If you can afford it , go for the larger version . Otherwise , get multiple of the smaller set .
 Bought these for my son 's first birthday . We sit and build together with them and he loves to play with them . It is helping his hand eye coordination . Perfect gift for my little builder .
 I BOUGHT THIS FOR MY SON THAT IS 3 AND I THINK IT WILL HAVE A TREMENDOUS IMPACT ON HIM TOWARDS GOING TO PRE-SCHOOL ... CAUSE OF THE SHAPES AND COLORS :-RRB- I LOVE IT ! I GOT IT FOR HIM FOR CHRISTMAS . . SO ITS GOING TO BE HIDDEN FOR AWHILE BUT I THINK HE WILL LOVE IT !
 the blocks were smaller than we anticipated , but our 2.5 year old still enjoys them . they are also initially very slippery , but once you play with them for a while they get better and it is easier to make taller towers . the overall quality is excellent .
 very sturdy , colorful wood block set . i like it because it helps kids use their imagination instead of toys that do all the action for them . you can build anything you can dream up .
 bricks are always a favourite with any age and my grandson is six so he is an avid builder . He has lots of Lego but they wo n't fall down when he wants them to ! So for building up and knocking down these are great .
 This colorful and sturdy set of wood blocks resemble the set of blocks my grandparent 's had at their house when I was a kid . Those blocks would keep me , my sister and my three cousins busy for hours . Over the years of kids and friends the amount of blocks dwindled , but there were still enough strong sturdy blocks around to entertain my daughters when I would bring them to see my grandparents . When my grandparents passed -LRB- within one week to the day of each other -RRB- I inherited the blocks ... but who knows how or why those remaining blocks dwindled until there were only a handful left ... I ordered these for my two year old grandson and when I took them out for him to play with my daughters exclaimed how much they look like the grandma and grandpa blocks they grew up with . It was very touching and for a moment I really missed my grandparents ... now I appreciate the new blocks even more .
 I ordered these colorful , wooden blocks for my toddler grandchildren . Boys and girls alike , this educational toy is a hit , and even when the kids wander away to another toy , I see that grandpa is still there building a nice tower . I would recommend this product because it is timeless , and appeals to various age groups . I 'm happy with my purchase , and seemed to always be pleased when it comes from Melissa & Doug .
 These are classic blocks that are perfect for kids who love to build -LRB- and knock down -RRB- towers . We decided to go with them since loosing a few pieces would not make it any less fun for the kids and being solid wood it would also be extremely difficult for the children to break them . The other big plus was that with 100 pieces more than one kid can play with them at a time .
 The blocks arrived in great condition - good packing.The wooden building blocks were a bit smaller than traditional building blocks but this is n't a disadvantage . They are colorful and smoothly finished - very visual and kinesthetic for young children .
 I had a group of children , mixed genders , ages 1 , 2 , and 4 over to play with these . they loved them . it did cause some fighting , but it was somehow resolved . kids like it .
 The blocks look to be good quality . However , the small pieces are REALLY small . They are definitely a choking hazard , so if you have a toddler around , these are not the blocks for you .
 These blocks are definitely worth the price I paid . Lots of shapes and plenty of fun . I bought these for my 15 month old twins and they were delighted when I dumped them out on the floor !
 I was excited to get these wooden blocks in the mail . I love Melissa and Doug products because they are very durable and good quality material . Seeing these blocks reinforced my faith in Melissa and Doug products . These are made of a very durable wood that do no splinter easily unless put under a lot of pressure -LRB- biting/chewing on -RRB- . The paint on these blocks is coated very thick so that they wo n't peel.My only gripe -LRB- and it 's minor -RRB- about these blocks are the size of them . For some reason I was expecting them to be a bit bigger in size than they are . Parents with younger children should heed caution when smaller children are playing with them as they can potentially be a choking hazard . Excessive gnawing on the product can cause the wood to splinter and the paint to come off.Overall , I would still recommend these blocks to anyone . Good quality and durable products are hard to come by . So I can foresee these being in our household for years to come .
 Wood blocks are some of the most versatile toys ever . This set is colorful and has enough blocks to make a lot of things .
 I started out with one 100 piece set but we had to get another one so we could build bigger castles ! My 3 year old loves to play with them but maybe my husband enjoys playing with them more . I am even thinking about buying another 100 piece set so we all can build towers together and not run out of our favorite colors .
 Nice bright blocks that are fun for building an array of towers and castles . Just be aware , the box is about twice as big as the amount of blocks that are in there . It 's great if you 're going to continue to store the blocks in their original box , we were just a little surprised by how few were actually in there .
 The blocks are great , there is a good variation in pieces that kept the kids busy . The blocks themselves are evenly cut and measured , whihc to me was the most important thing . I 've bought blocks before that contained pieces of `` Almost '' the same size , and they frustrated the kids to no end because they could build high without noticing slants or uneven bridges , etc. . Good variation of pieces and colors . Best option for the classic toy that i have found yet -LRB- And we 've gone through our fair share of building blocks -RRB-
 These blocks were smaller than I expected , but that did not phase my two toddlers . They were immediately entranced by these beautiful , durable little wooden blocks . They started building towers right away . Even though they are little , they are great for stacking and building . Since there are 100 blocks in the box , they have LOTS of blocks to build a large city . Some of the other sets I looked at did not nearly enough pieces .
 I bought these for my grandson who will be 2 . He is having so much fun with them by sorting colors and stacking then in piles . I recommend these for any early age child .
 Nothing like blocks ! They are basic but wonderful for kids . They love building and stacking them . The quality is excellent like all of Melissa and Doug products ! Highly recommended !
 My 20 month old likes them but gets frustrated when her towers topple over . Another few months she 'll like them a lot more .
 Bought these blocks as a gift for our 2 year old boy . He loves the blocks but he 's not at the developmental stage yet to work with smaller blocks and balancing them . He is very interested in them , however . And the different colors are attractive . As well , it inspires conversations about colors while building structures . I have no regrets about buying these blocks and I think they 're a great toy to have . I would recommend , however , the Pottery Barn blocks if you think your boy/girl might have trouble stacking and balance . I went to many toy stores before settling on both types of blocks -LRB- the PB blocks and the M&D blocks -RRB- and think these are the best of their type . Of course there are larger sets of blocks but if you 're not looking for a massive collection of blocks , this is a good start .
 My child has enjoyed these toys from 6 months - 15 months old so far ... we just bought this as a gift for a friend .
 This is a great product . Enough said . The only reason I am writing a review is to express my frustration with Amazon and their continuous pricing games . From the time I placed this item in my shopping cart , to the time I placed my order a few minutes later , the price increased . TWICE . During this time I was simply adding other items to my cart . It is still a fine price , but come on ... two price increases in five minutes . Sorry , amazon , that I could not place my order fast enough while trying to feed breakfast to my three year old twins .
 I 'm so glad we were able to get these bright colored blocks for our little girl ! They are safe and will be great for her to use her imagination to build all sorts of things ! We talked about getting another set so that there even more blocks to build with !
 I know it 's hard , really hard to avoid , but up to now , I was certain that anything `` Melissa & Doug '' would be from the US . I was under the impression that I was buying from a smaller US company -LRB- smaller compared to big , popular names like Fisher Price or Baby Einstein -RRB- . I like to buy local whenever possible and support the American manufacturing industry.Otherwise , great product ! Bought it for my 17-month old daughter and we 're having lots of fun stacking and sorting . Great educational product that you know your child will use over and over and will get many developmental benefits , including learning colors , shapes , fine motor skills , and get to be creative !
 Of all the high-tech gadgets my kids got during Christmas , the toy they kept going back to was these blocks and another little block village set that I bought to go along with this one . Even the 13-year-old son of a friend got involved . Good toy that will keep interest !
 I called the company and they assured me that all Melissa and Doug toys are painted with non toxic paint and that they test often .
 My 4 year old grandson , and his parents , were thrilled when he receieved these blocks yesterday . We 'd been unable to find colored wooden blocks in any local stores . I was happy to see that the yellow blocks were just as vibrant as the red and blue . In the picture I saw they looked rather pale.What I wish I 'd known prior to purchase is the dimensions of the blocks . They are smaller and thinner than I had anticipated . That being said , their size has not diminished my grandson 's enjoyment one iota . He likes to build roads with the blocks and ca n't wait to build the castle pictured on the box the blocks came in . -LRB- As soon as we can find a time when his little sister is n't around to knock it down , that is . -RRB- I do like the variety of shapes as it helps him to learn more about triangles , squares , rectangles , etc. . The small size of the blocks is the only thing that detracted from the purchase . Otherwise they earned an A + from this grandma !
 We are grand parents from the pre-computer , pre-video game era , when a carboard box became a puppet theatre and a sheet over a couple of chairs became a tent on a jungle safari . Wooden blocks leave it to the child 's imagination as to what he or she can create . The Melissa and Doug products are naturally simple wooden shapes . The craftsmanship is excellent and the blocks will last for years -LRB- requiring no upgrades or patches ! -RRB- .
 I ordered these blocks as a gift for my 1-year-old , who is getting really into stacking blocks . They just arrived today , and I noticed two things immediately . First , they are VERY SMALL ! I 'd read the other reviews commenting on this , but I was still surprised by the size . I 'd say most of the pieces are between 1-2 '' on the longest dimension -- so , a bit smaller than a golf ball , not really great for building large structures.Second , the blocks I received have a strong , unpleasant chemical odor to them -- like burnt garbage , maybe ? -- that still has n't dissipated after about 8 hours of sitting outside on a windy day . I 'm hoping this will go away in time , since it 's probably not worth sending them back , but in any case do n't count on your kid being able to play with the blocks right out of the box.EDITED
 These blocks are great and look exactly as they do in the photos .
 This toy was purchased for a very active 18 month old , and he loves it . He loves the colors and shapes . This is one toy that he will sit quietly and play with . I was nervous he was too young , but not so . I think this is also a toy he will continue to use through many ages . Glad I picked this !
 This is a very educational toy fol kids under five years of age . They can build and be creatitive , as well as use their motor skills .
 Melissa and Doug 100 Piece Wood Blocks SetGreat addition to the basic 60 piece set . Kids may be more attracted to the bright colors , but adults will appreciate the artistry of the plain wooden blocks .
 The box was much smaller than I expected for so many blocks . this is because the blocks are pretty small . I had to keep the smallest ones away from my toddler for a while . Great to play with and even survived the bathtub !
 ... at a classic price ... These blocks are painted well -LRB- not really sure what to make of the lead paint assertion -RRB- ... Also , they 're quite smooth with no rough surfaces or edges ... A definite must for those little creative minds because you really never know what the blocks are going to end up becoming ... Sometimes , you 'll get a building ... Next time , you might get a spaceship or a hot dog ... They keep my kids busy for longer than other toys which are more specific in nature ... I also bought the 60 pc . set , which has large and chunk pieces , to compliment this set ... All in all , a quality toy at a reasonable price that wo n't end up in the garbage .
 My two year old really likes these blocks . He is just now figuring out what to do with them . I was a little disappointed that these blocks are much smaller than I had imagined . But they are working out fine since his fingers are still so small . My boy likes all the unique shapes and bright colors .
 My 19 month old grandson absolutely LOVES these blocks
 My 3 yr old got these from Santa and she LOVES them ! They are a little small ... so you do n't make huge castles , but you get a good variety and they are a wonderful item ! I recommend for any little girl or boy !
 My grand son loves these blocks and plays with them all throughout the day . He loves to build things and these blocks are definitely durable for him .
 My kids had wooden blocks , so it was only right that my new grand daughter should have her own . These are great . Her big brother helps her build things .
 These are a great quality set , but I wish the blocks were larger since my daughter is still under 2 .
 My grandson loves to build and knock them over . They have many shapes so he can build different things.Great buy and fast delivery .
 great service item was as described shipped quickly made recipient happy otherwise all is well . seems a little strange that the review ca n't be brief .
 Really high quality product and great price . The color and finish on the indivisual blocks is beautiful and resilient . I look forward to using them for dozens of years of fun .
 These colorful Melissa & Doug blocks are just like the one 's most of us played with as children . I was surprised that even for 100 blocks it only filled up a 1/4 of our 16 qt . container that I designated for these blocks . I should have bought a second set so there would be more for both my boys but this is a good starter set or gift for a child regardless . It was shipped and recieved as promised . If you 're looking for a decent price and a classic colorful wood block starter set this is a good match !
 The pieces were smaller than I expected but hope to enjoy them with my grandson . We had a set of blocks for my kids over 45 years ago and played with them constantly . I hope the size wo n't detour from the fun of getting my youngest grandson to enjoy them .
 I bought this for my 18 month old nephew for xmas , and he loves them ! Opened right away and got to building and knocking over towers . Great price , and great product !
 My 5 year old grandson plays for hours with this toy . He tapes them together and makes Transformers out of them.He ca n't wait to get it out when he comes over .
 I got these for my son 's first birthday . He and his 2 year old sister love playing with them and I really think it is a set of toys he will grow into and play with for years to come .
 The blocks are colorful and well made . Some of the pieces are pretty small for a toddler , but there are so many , you can put some away for when the child is older , not putting so many things in their mouth and can help pick up 100 blocks !
 I like the toy but it arrived in a slightly damaged inner package . The shipping box was fine but the blocks box was swollen as though it had gotten wet at some point . It did not affect the actual blocks but since I purchased them as a gift I would have like better packaging .
 These blocks are a classic and I can see them lasting a long time . There are plenty of interesting shapes that make for long lasting play . The blocks are very durable .
 Our pediatrician and several preschool directors recommended blocks as an imaginative learning activity before kids attend a more structured preschool environment . Block do make perfect sense and I 've enjoyed seeing `` cakes '' and `` tunnels '' made throughout the day.Some pros and cons
 I purchased this for my 3 year old and he loves it . I actually also enjoy building things with him too . It works out great as it 's a activity for us to spend quality time together . My 18 month old gets in there and tries to stack with us also . The blocks are a bit small for him to stack but as his fine motor movement improves , he 'll be right there with us .
 I bought this for my daughter , not realizing that it is 2 years + -LRB- she is only 7 months -RRB- so we have n't opened them yet . I did look at the quality and they seem to be exactly what I was thinking . Wood blocks . I am sure she will have a great time with them as soon as we open them up . For the price , I could n't beat it .
 these are on the smallish side , which works out fine for me and my tot as we live in a small ass apt . however , a few of them are not so straight , making the challenge of building something small and knocking it down a challenge indeed .
 This is overall a good set of blocks . I 've been so far happy with all of the melissa and doug stuff I 've bought . I have a 17 month old and I bought these when he was about 1 year old . Mostly he just chewed on them and knocked my towers down , but at about 16 months he started understanding and now he is able to stack them . It 's a good way for him to learn balance , coordination , and stacking things . He is very proud when he can get 5 or 6 blocks stacked up . Some of the pieces were a little small -LRB- for kids who put everything in their mouth -RRB- so I put those pieces away for awhile , but now he is playing with them without me worrying . I love building him towers at nap time so he can wake up to discover them . I 'm thinking about buying an additional set just so I can build bigger towers .
 Melissa and Doug is a very top notch quality product . Once you purchase an Item from them you will not want to buy other quality items.These blocks will be around for years to come!Very solid product that can outlast a 3 year old 's destruction and become a Keepsake not a one child item.Great products !
 Sturdy , well made blocks and always a good purchase for creative building . We were not disappointed in the quality and our grandson loves them .
 At first sight I thought that is a smallbox for 100 blocks.But the blocks are packed it tightly , and the two toddlers I bought these for were able to build big houses , castles and roads for matchbox cars.They are great for building strength in the hands of little ones
 The kids are happier than a clam at high tide whistling dixie!Pros
 Excellent price and will help greatly when my Grandson receives it for Christmas Present.Will teach him shape 's , balancing , and colors . Will greatly help his hand and eye coordinationas well when he builds with it . He loves to build and then knock things down as any little almost 3 year old boyloves to do . It came in a timely manner for a Christmas present and safely packaged and got here with no damage .
 what you see is what you get - 100 little wooden blocks of fun shapes . my kids have so much fun building a city and garages and tunnels and all sorts of fun stuff with these !
 Bright , cheery , and very colorful.Added to collection of other block sets and all work well together.Loads of fun for a 3 year old .
 A friend of mine has a vintage set of these that belonged to her grown son when he was little and everytime I take my 3 year old son and 1 year old cousin over to her house . . these blocks are the first things they go for . They sit in the floor and play with these blocks the whole time we 're there and for that reason I was super excited to find that Melissa and Doug have a set on amazon for such a great price . I bought this set for my son for Christmas and I know his face will light up when he opens them .
 Easy to play . Funny for all ages . My children can play together , he is 4 years old , and she 's just one .
 This is a beautiful set of very colorful wooden blocks for a young child . The price was good and they arrived is very good time . Highly recommended .
 Melissa & Doug 100 Piece Wood Blocks Set rocks ! We use ours with my sons GuideCraft Mirror and colorful Sand Blocks ! It helps make his structures bigger and taller to make a better KNOCK DOWN ! :-RRB- Seeing as how that 's our favorite part of building with blocks . They are smaller than other building blocks and are a great addition to any blocks your little one already has or for LITTLE hands . My 2 year old likes the fact that because they are n't HUGE he can have one in each hand and build faster . It 's a great toy to teach patience and precision . 100 pieces is a perfect amount too !
 Children of all ages should have these blocks , even 65-year-olds . They encourage creativity , and develop hand/eye coordination . They 're great for forging bonds between the young and old alike , too .
 They are good blocks just on the small side . The paint on the blocks does not chip , which is my main concern . I would buy this brand again .
 A very fast delivery than expected . My kids love it and started to play right after opening the box . Has an educational value . I ordered two more similar toys from the same seller .
 I bought these for my son for his 2nd b-day . He and I both love them . There is a variety of shapes and sizes and they seem very durable . There are enough blocks that he and I can build structures side by side or cooperatively ! Mellissa and Doug blocks are a fantastic addition to our play room .
 The colors are bright and the toys are well made . They definitely have been played with a lot since getting them . I think this would be better for much older children , since the blocks are so small . It takes a long time to build anything big from them , which can be frustrating for a 3 year old .
 My grandchildren just love these blocks and work with them for hours at a time . My four year old grandson , and his sister -LRB- who is nine -RRB- fight over who gets custody of the blocks that day -RRB- . So I guess I may be forced to buy another set-just to keep the peace .
 I ordered these blocks for my almost 3 year old . Overall the quality is good , they are bright colors and my daughter enjoys playing with them . But when I ordered them I was expecting them to be bigger . The blocks themselves are on the smaller side so I do have to help her play with them which is n't a big deal . But if they were bigger they would be easier for younger children to stack without help . But I can see her playing with them for years to come so overall I am happy with my purchase .
 I bought these for my nephew and he is 2 years old . I can say this , he loves them . They are vibrant colors and they are nice blocks overall . Nice price too and free shipping !
 Melissa & Doug 100 Piece Wood Blocks SetI bought these blocks for my grandson , for Christmas . He turned 3 the end of September . This is what his mother says about them.He loves them . We usually play with them a few times a week . I like playing with them too . As a 3 year old , he is capable of stacking them and making various structures
 I loved this because it reminded me of the ones I used to play with at school ! Now my son can enjoy them !
 I purchased these for my children for Christmas , ages 2 and 5 . They love building stuff with them . The bright colors make them even more fun !
 Our 3 year old loves to build towers ... these work great . Only negative ... the blocks are a little on the smaller size ... I thought they would be a little bigger ... but my little loves these !
 My 6 year old daughter enjoys building things , especially to play in combination with other toys she has ... . This is perfect ! The blocks are very well made.If you are looking for large blocks , these are not them.We are very happy with this purchase and would recommend them .
 These are really nice well made , colorful blocks . The only thing I wish is that they were larger in size .
 No small pieces and very durable building blocks . Great for any early builder ! Recommend these to everybody with children or grandchildren from 2 on up !
 These are great toys - I think I might like them better than my son , who is four . We have a great time building structures together . They are also very compatible with his Tonka toys - they bulldoze into piles , get picked up by the loader , and carted around the house in the dump truck . They are very durable , and are I do n't worry about them breaking when stacked and knocked down -LRB- great fun for the little guy -RRB- or used as construction ` material ' with his construction toys .
 Because we have several grandchildren who visit us regularly , I wanted a set of blocks at our home for them to play with . The Melissa & Doug blocks fit the bill . They are colorful , durable , and easy to handle . The children play , build , and pretend with them . And , while enjoying their play , learn spatial and weight concepts , color and size differentiation , and eye-hand coordination , along with developing their small hand muscles . They also improve social and language skills as they construct towers and fences and buildings together .
 I 've been impressed with everything from Melissa & Doug so far and this set of blocks did not disappoint . My now 6 year old step-daughter loves to play with these with her Dad . There 's plenty of blocks to build towns with roads and everything else you can think of , but they 're also simple enough that my 4 year old niece loves to just stack and build towers to knock over with them . Not too heavy , but durable and fun bright colors . The box they came in is durable enough to re-use as their storage , which is always appreciated . Simplicity at its finest , let their imaginations go wild .
 i bought this product for my 31/2 year old daughter and she loved it . this Product also has got a kid within me active and team up with my kids to build something new . . I was worried about the comments on the size however found the product reasonable . Good buy and feel i made a right decision
 You get a lot of blocks for your dime with this set , the only issue I have is the cardboard box they come in is really bad for storage . It 's be nice if M&D could invest some money in the packaging so you can reuse the container over and over for storage purposes . If you are looking at buying these , go ahead and get a storage tub or something else to keep them in .
 The blocks themselves are excellent . All the kids love them . There are plenty to go around for all 5 kids no problem . Only complaint is the box is flimsy . If you purchase these I recommend either taping the crap out of the bottom of this box , or getting a tote or container for them . The box held up fine for the first couple of weeks and dwindled down afterwards . Each time we would put them away the bottom would give way . Other then that the blocks themselves are great and would recommend .
 Beautifully made , colorful . Although wonder if my grandson will lose interest quickly because they do not stick together very well , pieces are small and you really need a delicate touch to keep from knocking everything down .
 I bought this set for my 2yr old daughter and she LOVES them ! This is a toy that she can play with for a long time and brings out a lot of focus & concentration . The blocks are good quality and have a nice variety of shapes & sizes .
 Love these blocks . The colors and shapes are perfect and the pieces are very durable , i have three young kids who play with these ! Wonderful toy with lots to create out of the shapes !
 These blocks are great . You get plenty for play . Some brands do n't provide enough , and some provide too many . This package is just right . My only complaint is that some are small , which is a hazard if you have younger children in the house . I would n't recommend these for children under 3 . Otherwise they 're great .
 These are the same blocks I used when I was in Kindergarten nearly 30 years ago . My 3 year old son loves blocks ; I thought this set would be perfect for him . Turns out my 5 and 7 year old have just as much fun building bridges and castles with these blocks too ! Great quality product which will hold up for years of use .
 My son , who is an only child , loves this . I say he is an only child because at five years old , he only plays with toys that are in the 7-12 year mark . So when i bought these when they were on sale here . Just to have birthday presents for whatever birthday came next . My son insist i open it and let him play with it . He played with them for hours . He used all his other `` toys '' to make building etc. . Well made , fast shipping , overall very happy with this product .
 Product is exactly as described -- my 3 year old son LOVES playing and building with these blocks . Of course , the best part is knocking the towers down .
 This is by far our two year old 's favorite toy . These are smaller than the blocks we grew up with , but they are well made and fun to create arches and other creative towers .
 I got these blocks to help my 3 year old with colors , shapes , and building . She loves them ! Keeps her attention for 30 minutes or more .
 me and my son enjoy it i learned him how to build , choose colors , choose shapes and demolition :d it 's great toy .
 It 's a little pricey , but if your willing to spend 17 $ + for blocks , these will be a fun toy . The pieces aren ; t too small so toddlers should n't be able to choke on it .
 These blocks were much smaller then I thought they would be . They are each about 1-2 inches long . The kids in my daycare do like playing with them . They are good quality and will likely last a long time .
 My Grandson , Bryce , loves the blocks . He received them for his first Birthday . Allows him to be very creative and play by himself .
 I got these for my granddaughter who found some antique blocks that belonged to my wife . I remembered the countless hours of delight I had with the blocks when I was younger . I wanted to have my granddaughter to have the same experiences . She was cativated and delighted from the first . Thank you for making her have the same opportunity to experience the delight of wooden block and creative play.Jerry T. Logmannaka Grandpopz
 I bought this toy for my grandson who loves to build.This set is different from others he has had because of the large variety of shapes and sizes.They are easy to handle and the colors bring another learning element into the mix.It provides him with hours of creative fun .
 fairly priced and cheaper than most products like it from other sellersmy two yr old lover themextremely educational - im teaching him shapes , colors , patterns -LRB- he replicates what ive built -RRB- - hes very precise about placement of things in daily life - these help him learn about balancetimely deliverygreat condition
 Blocks are smaller than you would expect but wood , colorful , long-lasting and not too expensive . A good value if you find it on sale .
 100 is not enough , so ordering another set of 100 . Good shapes and precisely made for hours of fun .
 I have a young child 8 who has many difficulties this toy and others like it really help her to calm down when other things do o work . We are very happy with this purchase .
 ... set of blocks for the price . Keeps the kids busy building towers and knocking them down .
 I bought the Melissa and Doug building blocks for my grandson for Christmas . He loves them and they have become his favorite toy . He learns colors , shapes , and building fun from them . I would buy them again for other grandkids . Thanks
 This product is durable , colorful and engaging . It is compact enough to be easily transported and fits nicely back into the box after being played with .
 Melissa and Doug 100 Piece Wood Blocks SetBought these for my grandson , even with all the other things electronics and such he still enjoys the fascination of just building `` stuff '' . It gives them time to use their minds .
 Bright , colorful , just right for little hands . He 's been having a great time building new things and pretending . Just a good , simple , basic toy .
 This toys is great . Just one thing , if you have more than one kid . . Get two sets of this awesome blocks
 Granted , the blocks I remember were just one color - wood . However , these are great small size blocks for small hands .
 You simply can not go wrong when you purchase any wooden toy from Melissa & Doug . This set of blocks lives up to all my expectations ! My grandson loves , loves , LOVES every toy we 've ever gotten for him from Melissa & Doug . THANKS to the manufacturer for still making quality toys that will become heirlooms !
 My boy is a year and 3ish months still does n't build really but loves to knock them down ! good little blocks
 The blocks are a great toy and fun for creative and imaginary play . My twin 3-year-olds play with them daily . They are well made with smooth edges and bright colors . No complaints .
 es un producto mu lindo para un ni & ntilde ; o . es muy seguro y no tiene objetos peligrosos . a mi hijo le encasnto
 great quality and my grandson loves to play with them . He spends hours building diferent stuff and really enjoys them for hours
 Some of the blocks have small cracks in them . Nothing dangerous or large , just small hairline splits in the center of the pieces . Nothing sharp or jagged , so definitely does n't inhibit play . My son loves them ! I got the box for half price during an Amazon sale , so the cracks do n't bother me for that price .
 Colorful and well made for hours of stacking fun . These blocks are well shaped and have sufficient varieties for several children to use them at once .
 My 18 Month old loves it ! Keeps him busy food hours . Fun to build and watch him destroy . Great value !
 The block set is very nice . My grands enjoy playing with it very much.However , the blocks are much smaller that I hoped for . The kids do n't seeem to mind as theyplay with them constantly .
 i got this within 2 days i think which was awesome , the collors are bright , i got all the parts , it didnt have a bad paint smell -LRB- although the paint made some of them stick together -RRB- , and we all can play with them . i got this with 2 other melissa and doug products and am very happy
 I was so pleased with my purchase of these blocks . . My 3,5 , and 6 yr old kids all love them . . They will play with them for hours . . they arrived on time and I would definitely buy from this seller again !
 Bought this for my son . WOW ! He instantly opened it and started building . Encourages imagination . Fun and colorful . Now i just need to find a way to keep the pieces together to avoid losing parts . = -RRB-
 This is a great way to `` UNPLUG '' your child.My son is 4 years old and he loves to sit with me and build with these blocks . I bought them in combination with Melisa and Doug 's other standard block set . The funny thing is that I have much older children from a previous marriage that used to play with the same blockS and they produced the same result . Best toy I have purchased for my son this year
 these blocks are nice . bright colors and fun shapes but they are half the size of the haba blocks that i have .
 I got these blocks at the suggestion of my son 's teacher . She said he plays with the school blocks everyday several times a day . My son enjoys them very much although their in competition with some Mega blocks right now . He builds `` houses '' and `` garages '' for his cars and trucks and then loves to show off his creations to me and his Dad ! I take pictures of his `` work '' so can see his it long after he has moved on to another building project . The blocks have been great !
 I bought these as a gift , and my neighbor boy loved them . I think that a durable container will be needed to store these and maintain parents ' sense of organization .
 My toddler son got these blocks has a gift . He really enjoys building towers with them and best of all knocking them down . Even my 8 year old son plays with them .
 I bought these blocks for my 5 and 2 year old boys at Christmas and they have played with them every day since . Despite the blocks being foam , they are very durable and the only wear is a few teeth marks ! The bright colors and soft texture seem to make them irresistible . The boys ' imaginations never stop coming up with new ways to use them , and they delight in the tall towers they can make that are relatively stable because of the grippy surface of the foam . These are far superior than the wood type because they are so light they do n't hurt or damage the furniture , and the scale and size of the pieces makes them the perfect ramps for little cars and houses for small stuffed animals . Hours of quiet , battery-free fun - probably the best toy purchase I have ever made . A safe bet if you do n't know what to get a preschooler.January 2009
 I would grade this toy as follows , with the most important categories first : SAFETY
 I purchased these blocks for my 15 month old grandson for Christmas . They are absolutely wonderful for quiet play . They stack well due to the very slight tackiness of the surface , which means that they do n't slide apart or topple like wooden blocks do when not stacked directly on top of each other . He has been successful in building a stack 6-8 blocks high with the various shapes before it falls over . He enjoys kicking them and throwing them , and they will `` bounce '' rather than hurt furniture and other children . The large size makes them easy to pick up and hold ; no more lost pieces under the couch ! I liked the variety of shapes and sizes , and intend to purchase more . I wish that I had had these foam blocks when my children , neices and nephews were small ; it would have made for much safer play time when all twenty-six of them were at my house or their grandmother 's !
 I bought this for my granddaughter . She just turned two . I figured she 'd play with them for two days , and that would be that , but they 've kept her interest -- off and on -- more than a week!But I chose them because -LRB- 1 -RRB- she likes to put things into boxes , and she likes to put boxes in boxes ; -LRB- 2 -RRB- these are soft so she wo n't `` put an eye out '' - not even after her baby brother arrives ; -LRB- 3 -RRB- THEY DO N'T MAKE NOISE.You ca n't always think entirely of the kid when getting presents . Think of the poor parents ! After you 're gone and have already taken aspirin , think if you had gotten wood blocks in a house with two floors and a kid who already throws like a center fielder.Hey it was better than clothes , and she does use her imagination . Her `` buildings '' are architecturally better than most of the stuff I 've seen go up in metropolitan areas ... and more colorful , too .
 These are nice because they are a good size , colorful , soft , durable and they float in the tub !! We have all played with these . I would recommend these blocks to parents .
 These blocks are the greatest ! My 3 1/2 and 2 year old both play with them everyday . Comes with lots of blocks which all work great together . No complaints at all .
 ConsWould like to have more . Would like to have been able to buy larger quantity when we bought them . Would be nice if they had a nice storage case with them . Were a bit pricey.ProsThey are blocks . What 's not to like . They are colorful , they are soft yet sturdy . They do n't hurt when thrown and getting hit by them . They are supposed to be non-toxic and as far as I know , this is the case . No one has died , and even though I discourage the kids from putting them in their mouth , several do have bite marks in them . However , none have been torn , cut , nor chunks bitten out of them.They make little if any noise when knocked down so smaller siblings are n't starteled nor awaken . They have many different sizes and shapes for better imaginative building . They stack very well.We bought these at least 4 if not 5 years ago , and have lasted through 4 kids and lots of visiting kids . The kids and I still build with them regularly.Recieved them in a timely fashion , and the price through Amazon was either cheaper or comparable to other sites .
 I bought these for my daughter 's 3rd birthday . She just turned 4 and has played with these blocks nearly every day for a year . She builds houses , castles , roads , zoos for her Little People animals , etc. . Great for imagination play .
 This kind of toys people should be buying , not the stupidness that everybody do . They can use their brain to Build a lot of stuff . I always buy Educational toys
 I 've owned a few SafeTGard Adult Athletic Supporter Jockstraps for the past couple of years and this is definitely my favorite compared to other brands . I 'm a big guy , and the XXL fits perfectly . The material is comfortable , and keeps everything in place where it should be . When I receive them new , I always wash it once before I wear them because out of the box they are a bit stiff . After playing football , wrestling , and rugby for over 10 years wearing all different brands of jockstraps , this is the most comfortable jockstrap i 've ever worn .
 These are very comfortable , the fabirc is soft , yet keeps everything where it is supposed to be . Great support ! What more could you ask for in a jock strap ?
 I 'm not very athletic , so I 've never worn one of these before . But I got some surgery done and I have to wear one for a couple weeks . This one looked to be what I needed at a reasonable cost . Like another review stated , there are some loose threads that pop up every time I wash it . Do n't know how long it 'll last , but I do n't plan on wearing it much longer . The material has a very open weave . This can lead to occasional snags . Even after several washings the material is still a little scratchy . The waste band is nice . It does n't roll or bunch up . Overall it does it 's job , I just wish it was a little softer .
 I ` ve purchased several supporters from different stores that said they fit a 42 inch waist that were so tight that the band cut you in half . This brand of supporter fits snug but does n`t cut off your breathing as the others . The only con I have is that they say it ` s preshrunk but I recommend you hand wash it . I washed mine in my washer with my other clothes and it seemed to shrink some.Again I highly recommend this supporter and will order more than one the next time .
 While I ordered these a size larger than normal -LRB- based upon past experience with supporters -RRB- these are true to size . The one I purchased is too large , but I have no one to blame but myself . The material is comfortable , and am ordering one in the correct size . Gave 5 starts because of the quality of the material , sewing , and price .
 The supporter wears and fits well . but when i wash it the threading seems to be breaking down . Not sure how else to explain the thread and strings of thread hanging off of the item .
 Been wearing SafeTGard instead of briefs since some 8 years ago and would n't wear other jock , or briefs for that matter ! They fit perfectly , they 're cool , specially here in the tropics ...
 NIce feel and have held up well with usage . I do n't know what else to say , I 'm just filling up space because you have to write a minimum amount of words to complete this rating ! LOL !
 It 's not easy to find comfortable underwear , let alone a jock strap , if you 're a big guy or just not built like the models they use to advertise these types of things . Usually a jock is more comfortable for me than anything else , but most of them still are n't `` just right . '' I bought one of these just to try , and WOW best underwear I 've ever owned ! It keeps things where they need to be , does n't bind , pinch , or move around on you , the sizing is perfect , and looks sexy on top of all that -LRB- c'mon guys , we like to look sexy just like the ladies do - do n't deny it ! -RRB- . I loved it so much I came back and more -LRB- eight total -RRB- , and they 're my new daily underwear . Please do n't ever change how you make these , otherwise I may have to go commando ! The price is also unbeatable . I had the same problem some other reviewers gave where after the first two washings I saw a few rubber strands come out , but even if these only last me a year or so I 'm pleased given how inexpensive they are . Since I wear these every day as underwear , I do n't expect them to last forever anyway .
 Color option is nice . Very comfortable . Doesnt constrict like others Ive used . Great if you looking for support and less constriction overall
 Fits like the package sizing says , supports while on my biking and sporting events . I even returned a previous package because I thought I had lost more weight than I really did and they exchanged quickly and without issue . I did n't even have to pay shipping . Great !!
 wear them all the time and these are so comfortable and quite reasonably priced . they arrived on time and they wash and wear wonderfully . thanks .
 This product does just what it 's supposed to.The only downside is that the waist band is sometimes a little rough for extended wear .
 Thank you for sending this product , they are just what the docotor order and they fit very comfortable
 This is a family and party-friendly card game based on medieval class structure ... when life was n't fair -LRB- is it now ? -RRB- . We enjoy playing it as a family
 I played this game for the first time
 Each hand is fun to play as you place your cards . When the hand is over , you change you rank in society and your seat at the table . Just active and entertaining enough to keep my grand-kids -LRB- age 8-13 -RRB- interested in playing with me and me with them . We had a whole-family blast .
 We love it , favorite game ever ! I like `` beat up on your neighbor '' games like Risk and Spades anyway , but this one adds such a level of pure `` fun '' that it takes that to a whole new level . Everyone I 've introduced this to has become a huge fan . My sister and her fam had one of those Mickey Mouse wizard hats from Disney which was perfectly suited , along with a firefighter 's hat , construction helmet , and dunce cap . What can I say , I love the line , `` It 's good to be king ! '' -LRB- and it 's tough to get out of the Peon chair , but boy it 's sure fun when a greater revolution happens and the Dalmutis have to switch with the Peons ! -RRB-
 Thanks for quick shipping on this wonderful game . My adult children taught it to me and I loveit and want to share it here in TEXAS !
 If you like your card games to involve a little more thinking and a little less luck , this one 's for you . The Great Dalmuti plays a lot like `` President '' -LRB- a classic college card game that I 'll let you Wikipedia for yourself if you 're unfamiliar -RRB- , in which the object is to be the first person to get rid of all your cards . There 's a hierarchy to the game , and with each new round the individual roles are reassigned ; those who did well will reap the greatest benefits in the next round -LRB- like medieval royalty -RRB- , while those who did poorly receive penalties and will have to work their way back up the ladder -LRB- like peasants -RRB- . Perhaps the most interesting part is that the game has no defined ending ; you simply play until you get bored . It 's a great party game where people can jump in and out as they please , and there 's plenty of room for adding your own rules/variations . One caveat
 This is such a fun group game . Easy to do with a group who does not yet know each other well .
 Our grown married kids love to play this together - there are 14 of them with spouses and this games really entertains them . We are having a family reunion so I bought a deck of it . Everything came nice and new just like it was supposed to . Am looking forward to learning to play it .
 The learning curve for the Great Dalmuti is not too steep but enough to require focus and thought . The play is varied and competitive enough to keep players interested in the game . There is enough skill required that players can improve with continued play and experience .
 This is one of the best card games I have played . It 's great when you have 5 people and ca n't play a regular 4-person game . Fun for all ages and a good learning tool for the younger ones .
 We have been playing this game for a very long time and the kids never get tired of it . They recently introduced the game to their friends and now their friends are hooked and asked for this game specifically as birthday presents -LRB- 15 and 13 year old girls -RRB- . The game goes quickly and is a good game for introducing kids to probability . I ordered through an Amazon vendor and received it quickly at a reasonable price .
 We made crowns and hats out of foam visors for the great dalmuti , the lesser dalmuti , and the peons . This makes the game even more fun . This a favorite game at home and at church .
 I have been playing this game for 14 years now . I first played it on my best friend 's wedding night when all other activities were over . I also happened to play with people who were working for Wizards of the Coast at the time , so this game was beyond a scream . Since these were role playing people , they really got into it . When the groom was the Greater Peon -LRB- the lowest position in the game -RRB- he only grunted . It was the best when the bride was the Great Dalmuti and the groom was the Greater Peon.I have since taught this game to my eldest son -LRB- now 15 -RRB- and his friends . They all love it . I am actually purchasing a couple of copies of it today so we can introduce it to the youth group at church this Friday . I hope we can continue to teach it to as many kids as we can to keep WOTC publishing it far into the future -LRB- although I know my son would love to see the German copy -RRB- . By the way , I also had a friend play with us who claimed not to be able to shuffle cards , so as the Greater Peon he was able to deligate to the Lesser Peon to shuffle . Years later I found out through my husband -LRB- who has known this guy since childhood -RRB- that he has always known how to shuffle . Be careful of those Peons , they can be sneaky.-KT
 This is a game that seems simple at first as it is easy to learn , yet becomes more complex in strategy each and every time you play it . Almost any age can play . It is great fun and there should be a hat for the grand peon to wear for effect.It can be played for any amount of time , so we set a time limit where at the given time the Great Dalmuti is considered the winner.What a fantastic and contemporary version of a marvelous and centuries old game this is . I ca n't imagine any ethnic or religious group taking offense to this as it is good clean fun . Also , it is slightly thicker than a deck of cards in size so it is easy to bring along on trips , to friends houses , or camping.The Great Dalmuti
 Whenever we teach this game to any of our friends they love it . It is simple to learn and is a lot of fun to play . The best part is that we can play it with all ages . It 's a great game when you have more than 6 people . We 've played this game for 8 years . We had the German version and we were excited to see the English version available . The cards are durable and the design is colorful and fun .
 The Great Dalmuti , a long-time favorite card and role playing game of middle schoolers , and one we 've played for years in our house , continues to delight us . After being out-of-print for some time when only German versions were available , it 's back . It 's a different type of game with a different deck of cards , easily understood , but full of strategy . The winner carries an advantage into the next hand - and plays the role . But danger lurks in the cards for the Great Dalmuti ... A real find - recommended .
 So this card game is a very socially engaging activity . My family has been playing Dalmuti for a number of years ; usually with another family or couple who enjoy having fun and just playing a simple , easy-to-learn game where there really is n't an overall winner.The great part is you can play it as long as you want , and quit whenever you have to . We actually have started a record book to keep track of how many times someone stays the `` Dalmuti '' or how many Great Revolutions and such . I recommend it to families that have kids 10 or older and love to have fun !
 Our whole family loves this game . It 's a great game if you want to spend a whole afternoon or just an hour or two in the evenings playing it . We have so much fun because it 's easy to learn , quick to play and the rest is up to your imagination . So far we 've only played it with 4 people , but we are looking forward to inviting friends over to play . We would recommend this game to anyone who loves to have fun .
 A good way for a beginner to learn chess . My grandaughter , age 7 , is learning .
 This set is HUGE ! , and was exactly what I was looking for and varely inexpensive . My daughter is 4 years old and loves to build anything and everything . This is a great toy for various ages , and I even get a kick out of building with her . I definitely recommend this set of blocks to anyone . . I do also have to say , its A LOT of blocks so make sure you have something strudy to store them in .
 This provides hours of side by side with your child hands on fun . No less . They may have a tendency to chip because they 're not dense at all , so try to encourage NOT throwing these babies around . It 's fun to watch your boy/girl stack and then plow right through them . This toy deffinately lets a kid be a kid .
 I bought these for my son for Christmas . I like the toy , however , he seems to be so interested in trains at the moment that he has not even stopped to look at the blocks . However , I feel confident that he will if I am patient and play with him with the blocks . He is only 2 . I am very happy with the quality of the blocks . I sure wish that the blocks had some kind of bin to put them in . The box is not adequate .
 exactly what you 'd expect ! solid , straight forward , colored wood block set . My son has had a smaller set for what seems like forever ... now , at the age of 7 , he and his friends have rediscovered -LRB- '' ... great for building home bases for hot wheels and bionicles '' -RRB- . A toy that his younger friends -LRB- 2/3/4 -RRB- love to play with as well.A classic toy and a great set !
 Really high quality product and great price . The color and finish on the indivisual blocks is beautiful and resilient . I look forward to using them for dozens of years of fun .
 The blocks are slightly smaller than i imagined , but Im still very satisfied with them ! My son has had a great time playing with them so far !
 Though they are on the smaller side , these blocks are awesome!There are so many of them and the colors are bright and fun . Very good toy for those who love building with their imaginations !
 Great product ! Exactly like the description ! The only negative would be the box is not sturdy enough for storage AND 200 pieces NEED storage !
 This is fantastic for little builders . I 'm a big fan of most Melissa & Doug products and this one is no exception . I got it for my young nephew and he loves it . Lots of different shapes so he has more design possibilities and they 're nice and colorful .
 These are tons of fun . A bit slick but fun . My son loves to build all kinds of things with them .
 I was so happy with this . there were so many blocks of many colors and shapes to play with . Great for using imagination and lots of fun.My kids love this toy . Much better then other toys they dont really play with .
 Many toys seem to ` do ' the play for the kids . There 's nothing for them to do , but WATCH it . The Melissa / Doug toys let the kids use their imaginations and work the pieces for themselves . Nothing is done for them .
 A great gift for all ages . WE do lots of building with our grand childand the blocks are well made and colors and size are also very good.They are smaller than my first purchase so they make building interesting .
 These are just what I wanted ! This was the biggest set I could find with colorful blocks , and they seem to be well made . These remind me of the ones I played with as a child , so I know I 'll enjoy playing these with my son . I personally like the size of the blocks -- they 're not for babies , but perfect for my three year old , and will be a good toy to grow with him .
 I got these for my 5 year old son for christmas . While they are a bit smaller than i expected i would say they are safe for children 4 and older . My son has ADHD so finding activities that amuse him for more than a few minutes are hard to find . However the bright colors , and variety of shapes seem to be doing the job . Best of all endless creativity and no batteries . : -RRB-
 blocks were returned because the box was all bent up and the plastic bag the blocks were in had been opened and most of the blocks had been taken out and stuffed back into bag . since this was a gift i was dis-satisfied with the appearence and returned it . i have purchased this item before for my other grandson and was pleased with it . so was he .
 Fun for Xtmas time . This is the typical Bachmann LG electric train . I works fine.I just wish they would have made the little lanterns light up in the elf hand.Great for around the xtmas tree . I have mine outside for the kids to play with .
 The plane flys really well and goes togehter in a snap . You just have to watch the tail section it can be somewhat easy to break .
 My son who is four -LRB- and a big four -RRB- rides fine on the Flyer with the 3-position seat in the middle holes . I was wondering at first when I saw the smallish box it come in , but the bike is plenty big.Assembly was easy and everything went together well.He loves it and should for a while .
 My son enjoys his Big Wheel . It 's sort of like a ball . They never go out of style .
 Very durable construction . Lots of metal parts -LRB- instead of plastic -RRB- . Seems like a very solid bike that should last longer than will be needed .
 Purchased for my son 's fourth birthday . He loves it . Rides all the time and is the envy of other kids that see him on it -LRB- must be the first in town to own one -RRB- . Was easy to assemble and seems durable -LRB- but we only have it for a month -RRB- . Wish the tire included a rubber band , but otherwise happy with the choice . Price was best at time of purchase .
 My 6 year old son took to this trike right away . He loved the speed and control he had on it . He is tall for his age so unfortunately he will probably only fit it for another year or so . I suspect , however , that he will wear the tires out by that time . The seat adjusts for a much smaller child but to be honest I think they would have a hard time powering it . Even my boy has trouble getting it up a slight grade without a running start . Still very fun and very cool looking . Wish they made it in adult size .
 My nephew asked for a `` Big Wheel '' because he was having difficulties riding the regular bike I bought him . He 's quit small for a 4 yr old . He loves it . Although much of this product is plastic it seems very sturdy and has held up to his daily use very well . It seems better built than the real big wheel product that I saw at Toys R Us . I would buy this again
 We love the Big Wheel ! This was a gift to my 4yr old grandson and he loved it . My kids had these when they were little and it was always a favorite toy . It is fun , durable , and easy to assemble .
 I bought two for my sons and they absolutly love them . I almost went with another Big Wheel but I had a chance to see this one and it is well built . It has a rubber strip that goes over the wheel unlike the ones I had growing up , which had a cheap plastic wheel that would wear down after a couple of weeks . The adjustable back is neat too . This is a classic ...
 Was purchased for my 3 year old for his birthday . He is still a little too short to pedal but he gets around using his feet on the ground . Was easy to assemble . Going to be a very durable product . He absolutely loves it !!!! Can always count on Radio Flyer for a great product !!!
 I got ta say that I was very happy with this purchase . I actually kept my expectations only at a resonsible level because you just never know what your gon na get sometimes . Needless to say I was very happy with this big wheel as it was sturdy and really stylish with it 's color scheme . The flag is a nice touch and makes the bike look all the more original and my son loves that it makes him feel extra cool . Assembly was rather easy and it was as I put it together that I came to realize the parts seemed more sturdy then cheap . My son just turned 4 , is 35 pounds and is 38 inches tall which puts him at just able to touch the peddles with the seat in the front most position . He is able to peddle rather well with only a little stretch which I figure this means this should last awhile . Would most definetly recommend .
 Bought for my grandaughter last christmas and she loves it and is still using it she is now 5 years old . I like the seat adjustment for growing . AAA + + + +
 We searched all over and found this big wheel for my son 's 4th birthday . He loves it!The directions to assemble were easy to follow . This big wheel may be more expensive than others in the market place , but worth the difference based on the quality your getting . It also reminds me a lot of the big wheel that I grew up with . Great gift for any child !!
 I think that this is an excellent product at a great price . It was failry easy to assemble and the quality of the parts are excellent . Well worth the money !
 The Radio Flyer Big Flyer was given as a gift for my 3 year old grandsons birthday . I put it together before the party and when he lifted the cover off of it he was gone immediately riding . His brother has an original Big Wheel and the Radio Flyer is much nicer . Chrome handle bars and much heavier and well built but light enough and with the rear wheel slicks he can still spin out , as most little boys like to do . I almost bought an original big wheel I found on line but am glad I kept loooking . I would buy this again . The flag on the back is a hit with him but I like that too . Can see him when he circles the car in the driveway . Have found that to be very stable and we have not had any trouble with that being broken easily as some people said . He says its the best.Radio Flyer Big Flyer
 Our 5 yr . old loves his bigwheel . loves it . on it all day long .
 It arrived very quickly . It was more than we had expected . Very durable and my granddaughter loves it .
 Trike arrived as promised . Not difficult to assemble . All parts were there . Seat is easily adjustable . 5 yr old Grandson loves it and drove it around driveway for hours . Would recommend to anyone wanting a well built -LRB- although plastic -RRB- tricycle for their child .
 My four year old loves this big wheel . He was recently in a local big wheel race and I overheard people commenting that it was the `` coolest '' one there . He 'll be able to ride this for years . And , at a great price .
 This is made of very durable plastic - VERY well made . There are platics and then there are good plastics . This heavy duty plastic toy has worn VERY well after greater than 1 year of use by my 4 now 5 year old and now my 3 year old too . They ride it every day . The softer plastic ring on the big front wheel gives great grip so that the wheel almost never spins under the action of pedaling . GREAT TOY . Built better than the big wheel of my childhood .
 We got this bike for my son 's two-year birthday . It was a hit as we brought it out for him to see . His eyes lit up at the red bike with the chrome handle bars and stylish flag . So did my daughter 's eyes , which proved to be a good thing because the bike is too big for my son . He got a glider bike for Christmas and my four-year-old daughter has taken over the Radio Flyer . Whether she 's riding up and down in the driveway or speeding around the trails at the park , she could n't be having more fun . I have never seen such pure delight and joy on my daughter 's face as she rides this bike . I HIGHLY recommend it .
 Too big for my 3 1/2 year who is VERY tall for her age . She ca n't quite reach the pedals , and the smaller one we bought for my two year old is a better fit . Good little big wheel though , and she 'll reach the pedals before too long . Well made , easy to install . Everything fit well .
 Update from my first review -- I ordered this for my son for Christmas and waited to put it together -LRB- so he would n't find it -RRB- and two key parts were missing . I had to wait a few days after the holiday before being able to get in contact with anyone at Radio Flyer to send me the missing parts , but they were great about it and I just received them and my son was able to ride it today and totally loved it . It 's a nice size bike and will definitely allow him to grow with it . He loved the flag and it seems like a very durable bike . Overall , I am happy with this bike -- I just wish it could have been under my tree on Christmas morning . But honestly I think I cared much more then my son .
 What a way to fly around the back yard for my little 5 year old grandson . This big wheel will grow with him and will give years of use . A Great gift for a little boy !
 I have very fond memories of my own Big Wheel from decades ago , so even though I 've already purchased both a trike and a bike for my son , I really wanted to find him the best Big Wheel on the market for skidding down the asphalt . The reviews clearly pointed to this one , so I picked it up when my son was 3yo . Assembly was OK , though it could 've been easier , and the white plastic `` rims '' seem unnecessary and do n't stay securely snapped into their grooves too well . That 's no big deal , but the safety flag broke in no time , so it wo n't stay attached to the vehicle for long . Again , it 's not absolutely needed , but it 's poorly engineered to the point where you might as well not bother . Now the worst thing when I first bought it was that my 3yo son could n't really reach the pedals well enough to pedal it at age 3 , even with the seat in the closest position . And he 's not short , as he was above the 95th percentile in height when he was born and is still median height or above . Maybe he has short legs and a long torso , but in any case this Big Wheel had to wait . Now that he 's 4yo , though , he enjoys careening down the side of the road by our house , with me running to catch up ! So the fun has finally kicked in , and I do n't think he 'll outgrow this for a while . I did n't try any of the cheaper options , so I ca n't say with certainty that this pricier one is worth it ; but other reviewers seem to think so , and I can say that I do n't think you 'll be disappointed with this product , except perhaps the minor issues I noted above .
 Super service . Highly recommend the product for we own two of the Flyers for the grandchildren . They run the wheels off of them and they are very durable .
 My hubby and I grew up riding Big Wheels 35-ish years ago , so we knew our 4 year old would love getting one for his birthday . We were right !! I researched the Big Wheel brand and was disappointed with the reviews it has received recently , so I went with the Radio Flyer and I 'm glad I did ! I expected it to be somewhat flimsy , as everything seems to be nowadays , but I was very impressed at how sturdy it was . My husband put it together without major hassle in less than 30 minutes . Our only disappointment -LRB- that we knew going in -RRB- was the lack of a hand brake . C'mon , spinning out by jamming the brake on while turning is the best part of the Big Wheel experience ! No worries , though , my son figured out how to spin out in like 2 minutes of riding ! I like the reinforced front wheel - it seems to provide a bit of traction and I imagine will prevent the wheel from wearing through like mine did as a kid . My son loves the flag , too . Very satisfied with the price -LRB- compared to other sites/stores -RRB- , the fast shipping time , and the quality !
 Purchased this for my 4 year old grandson and he loved it ! Very good construction and went together easily . All he needed to do was jump on and enjoy !
 I bought this for my son 's 3rd birthday , and he loves it . It appears to be very durable , and it 's sized just right .
 My grand babies love there big wheels they are 5 and 3 and ca n't stop playing with them and to find one thing they wo n't get board with fast is almost in possible very happy with the decision on getting this for them .
 My son loves this big wheel , and goes tearing up and down the driveway on a regular basis . Good sturdy toy and seems like it will last a long time . This was far better quality than some others in the same price range .
 We purchased this for my 3 year old sons birthday . My husband assembled it in about 20 minutes . This tricycle looks very cool and with a name like radio flyer I trust that it will last .
 Very Cute for my 3 year old son 's birthday . After reading the reviews I was worried but my son is able to ride it fine .
 I got this for my nephew and he was so surprised and loves how fast he can go ! This is a great buy I also got one in pink for my little cousin
 Bougth this for my 4 year old grandson 's birthday ! It was the hit of the party . He loves riding it and I like that the flag can been seen over items.Constructed very well and i like the fact that you can buy replacements parts if needed from radio flyer .
 My 4 year old son LOVES this bike , as do all the neighbor kids . Big hit ! Guess we 'll have to buy another one for our daughter .
 lo compre para darlo de regalo a mi sobrino , fue f&aacute;cil de armar y no ha parado de jugar con el .
 Got the red one for my son and the pink one for my daughter . They are pretty good big wheels . Not much you can do with big wheels , they have a strip of rubber on the front tire to prevent skidding on launch .
 this was a reasonably priced toy with good quality you would expect . perfect starter trike for every kid : - -RRB-
 My grandson is 3 years old and loves it.It is made very good and i know will last a very long time . I would buy another . I rate this toy on a scale from 1 - 10 I give this toy a 10 .
 We got this big wheel for our VERY tall 3 year old son . He loves it . He honestly rides it better then he does his tricycle . He got the hang of it pretty quick and then we could n't get him off . His older 6 year old brother got the razor rip 360 so both boys were going up and down our street for over an hour . Highly recommended ... the only issue I have it that my son complained that his back hurt and upon inspection later he had a slight bruise on his lower back ... now we did have the seat in the first setting so hopefully once he gets a little taller and we adjust the seat he will be more comfortable .
 Love the flag for safery and visibility . Lots of growing room for the leg length . Goes up and down driveways , curbs , with ease . He keeps up with his older brother , who has a green machine . One thing I would change is the front wheel is plastic . I think the traction would be faster and safer if the front wheel were rubber , similar to the green machine . I would purhcase this again .
 This toy is great ... but there 's a little thing to make it better . it should have the front wheel covered from rubber for a better traction .
 My grandson loves this and flys around my driveway for hours . I love the flag that comes above any car window including SUV so we always know where he is by flag . My one complaint is that the seat that is designed to adjust to three different sizes , pops out periodically and we have to put it back on trike . I would glue it , but then it would n't adjust when our younger grandson grows into it . Overall it has worked well . Grandma L
 We got this for our 2yr old son who is in the 100th % , wearing 5T or boys small and thus allready too large for the traditional tricycle grandma sent for his birthday a few months back . We figured with the manufacturer recomended age range being 3-7 years on the adjustable seat we would be ok . Unfortunately he must get the extra height all in his torso cuase he is nowhere near able to reach the pedals most of the time -LRB- ie when they turn away from him -RRB- . But with it being a Big Wheel he can just sit on it and push himself around . He LOVES it ! Tried to take it away before it was all together . Unfortunately the slot that holds the flag is plastic holding metal screws and a really hard plastic -LRB- almost feels like metal but it 's not -RRB- flag pole . So if your child drags the toy around by the flag pole or bends the flag pole the little housing for the flag will pop out stripping not the screws but where they screw into . I just took the flag off until my son is older and zooming around hence me needing to see him . and i figure i 'll just caulk the sucker in place or something . but for around $ 55 vs. what $ 155 for the average big wheels I 'm definately satisfied . at the rate my son is growing it wo n't be long before he can reach the pedals .
 I was so happy to find a big wheel for my grandson ! The price was very reasonable with fast shipping as well . He will have fun enjoying this riding toy !
 I bought this for my 3 year old grandson 's birthday . It was easy to assemble and seems sturdy for a young child . He loves it . With the seat at the closest position he could reach the pedals . He took off immediately and only got off to blow out his candles . Even his five year old sister had a good time riding it with the seat in the center position . Plenty of room to grow . So we will be getting a pink one for her for Christmas .
 Our 5 yo really likes speeding off on this trike . Well built , easy to assemble , and very durable . I would have given 5/5 stars but thought the front wheel looked as though it was rubber lined for better traction . Red outline is plastic like the rest of the wheel so there is some slipping when pedaling uphill . Of course , maybe its designed this way so the trike &#34; can spin out &#34; . Wish it was made in USA .
 We bought this for my grandson , who is 5 . His older brother has the exact same bike . He loves it and it is working well for him . The only problem my daughter had was the flag . One of the screws came out . But that is all .
 I bought a red and a pink one for my boy girl twins . They were very excited about them but they are too short even with the seat all the way forward to reach the pedals . I cut some 1 '' styrofoam blocks and duct taped them -LRB- one of each side -RRB- of the pedals . This did help , though they still lose their footing , especially on turns . When they grow a bit I know they will love them . They do seem very durable and I am looking forward to them having years of fun riding them .
 We got this for our 4 y/o son . He absolutely loves it !! He has never complained that I was uncomfortable and will spend hours riding it in the basement as we wait for the northern Michigan winter months to pass . He has mastered the tricks and even named it , `` Spikey '' . Great purchase :-RRB- . He will be riding this for years to come as be has plenty of leg room with the adjustable seat !
 I love this but it says for 3 years and up and my son was 3 years when we bought it and he could not reach the petals . He is not short for his age but would recommend for a 4 year old .
 My son loved his new bike with his flag ! He did n't want to put it away for the winter because he enjoyed riding it so much !
 What 3 year old would n't enjoy this ? Love the adjustable seat , so child can grow and still enjoy.Careful with the flag - can easily break .
 For anyone looking to add a little grip to the smooth wheels ,3 M Underseal Rubberized Undercoating Black -LRB- Aerosol -RRB- is amazing . Granted , the MSDS is a little novella at nine pages considering it 's asphalt in an aerosol . But when you 're done spraying those rear tires , you 'll wish you could take your kid 's Big Flyer for a spin around the block . 3M + Radio Flyer Big Flyer = one pimp ride . Now how to attach fly lights to the wheels ?
 I bought this big wheel for my son 's third birthday . I was happy that it did not take long to put together but had to laugh as I was reading the directions and a number was skipped , I think step 3 . My son was a little overwhelmed with it at first but wants to ride it all the time . As a parent , I now understand why my parents always purchased red products for us since they can be seen easily by others . The little flag on the back is good for keeping up with my son but can present a challenge when I have trying to push him with my foot and the baby is grabbing the flag and trying to eat it . Overall , I am very happy with the product . The design is great and sturdy , much better than the big wheel I remember as a kid .
 This three wheeler was easy to assemble with the provided instructions . The parts appear to be well made and fit well . Once assembled it provides a very bright red vehicle and appealed immediately to a four year old boy . I found the price point to be acceptable and delivery was on time and in good condition . I would warn that the seat position in the front setting does provide for a long stretch of the legs , even for a very tall four year old . He has adapted and can ride quite well .
 We bought this for our son 's 4th birthday . He 's enjoying it . The only drawbacks I 've found so far is the flag will not stay up and the seat cut my son 's back -LRB- I 'm going to need to attach a cushion -RRB- . I grew up with hot cycles though . . I know as he grows it 'll be a great toy . . one that provides outside , excersize time !!
 All of our grandchildren reside in Orange County , California . They are very active and fun-loving . When my two granddaughters aged 5 and 7 came to visit us for eight days , they found that grandpa had bought two Radio Flyer Big Flyers for them to play with . He put headlights on the front and small flashing red lights on the back . They are really girly girls so we did n't know what to expect . Well they loved them !!! They had never driven anything like them before but cught on right away . We would go sightseeing everyday and they would beg to get home so that the could ride their flyers . We bought these because they were red and the boys could use them too when they come to visit . Well made , easy to put together , and hours of safe fun ... we are so happy that we purchased them .
 This tricycle can withstand all the fun a pre-school boy can give it - on cement , gravel , dirt , and decomposed granite . In the past , I 've purchased other brands of trikes and they can not compare in terms of steadiness or durability !
 The `` Radio Flyer Big Tire '' as my son calls it was pretty easy to put together . He got it Christmas morning and just loves it . He is a smaller 5 year old so reaching the pedals at the closest seat position is barely possible , but he 'll grow into it nicely . He likes to go fast around turns and the bike seems pretty stable . I 'd recommend this to anyone looking for a `` Big Wheel '' .
 This tricycle is a great toy to have around ! My son got this as a Xmas present , and as my husband built it he was raving on how much more sturdy it is than any of the other ones . It looks great and the flag in the back makes it so much more unique . My 4 year old son loves this bike and thinks it 's the coolest thing out there :-RRB- Im sure he 'll enjoy it for a long time to come ! Very happy with this buy and would recommend to everyone!Shipping was very fast !!! Ordered on a saturday and arrived by wednesday ! will definitely order from here again !!!
 I purchased the Radio Flyer Big Flyer for my grandson for Christmas . This is the second one I have purchased and I absolutely love them . They are made like riding toys of years ago . It is very durable and a big hit with my grandchildren .
 Ordered this for our youngest grandson for Christmas . It was easy to assemble and it looks better than the original Big Wheel . The Big Wheel was a great toy for our kids . Hope the grandkids enjoy it as much . This one was a good value . It is sturdy and attractive . The chrome handle bars add to the quality look of the big wheel .
 Just a quick statement
 `` Santa Claus '' got this for my 3 year old for Christmas and he was sooooo excited ! I just had to get it for him since I remembered just how much I loved mine when I was a child - yet mine was not nearly this cool ! He tried riding it through the house -LRB- which did n't work out great -RRB- but after Christmas we did have a couple of mild days that were in the 50 's , so I bundled him up and took him and the Big Flyer out for a ride . He LOVED IT ! He realized he could go MUCH faster on it than he could his tricycle and it was just way more , well , cooler ! I had the same concerns buying it , wondering if the front wheel would catch much traction on hard surfaces or gravel - but he had NO problems on the sidewalk in front of our house or in the gravel drive . Now , he just needs to learn how to turn it ... which I 'm sure he 'll get down pat when the weather allows him to ride more !
 We have grandsons , ages 4 & 2 . We saw these online & ordered them for Christmas gifts . They arrived quickly & were fairly easy to put together . The boys were delighted . We were happy with the quality & looks of this product . I 'm sure the boys will have lots of fun riding on them .
 Great bike , very durable and easy to put together . This was the easiest bike to put together . I have put together many different toys for my kids and had awful experiences but this bike is a pleasure to put together . It also looks great . I wish i could ride on this thing .
 Purchased 4 Radio Flyers for my 4 grandsons , 5,5,4 and 2 . They love the bikes , and the flags . Easy for them to ride with the adjustable seat , and I love the look . They were shipped promptly and had all the parts even a few extra , easy to assemble , according to my husband . Reccommend this product . Boys are ready for spring to really enjoy !
 My boys rode on Big Wheels until the tires were hollow . So for my grandchildren I searched for a more durable toy . Radio Flyer 's Big Flyer won hands down ! They are $ 79 at Toys R Us , so I was thrilled to find it on Amazon.com for less ! The front wheel is thick and durable , wide wheels in the back keep it from tipping on curves . As other reviews have stated it is difficult to go up steep hills , but all riding toys are , including bikes without gears.I am at amazon.com today to purchase another Big Flyer for a grandson 's birthday coming up. , , , It 's that good !
 My nephew lives in the city so my mom got this big-wheel for him to play with at her house where she actually has a yard . She has Zoysia Grass which is extremely thick , dense and cushiony . My nephew ca n't peddle on the grass otherwise the front wheel just spins in place and the big-wheel does n't move . He has to run up the hill and then get someone to give him a push so he can peddle down the hill . He 's going to be 4 this coming week , has very long legs and is big for his age , but he still has to have the adjustable seat on the notches closest to the peddles . He can peddle really well on the patio -LRB- which is stone -RRB- but it 's real small . We have asphalt trails nearby that would probably work out better , we shall see soon . He enjoys it regardless , he 's pretty easy to please . It was n't too difficult to put together , I put everything together myself except the part that needed torquing , since I 'm weak .
 My plan was to purchase the traditional Big Wheel for my toddler granddaughter but after comparing reviews I was convinced that the Radio Flyer Big Flyer was a much better choice . It is sturdy , colorful and especially entertaining with the racing flag and the fake odometer which my granddaughter thinks is a fake telephone and which she uses regularly to pretend call me to express her thanks.It was the perfect choice !
 Bought for grandson , s 4th birthday . he loved it.It was very sturdy and easy to assemble . It is way more sturdy than the cheeper ones at walmart .
 I got this bike for my 3-year old nephew for his birthday . The bike came unassembled , but only took 10-15 minutes to put together . All of the pieces felt solid , and the fully assembled bike felt very sturdy . The adjustable seat is a great feature since he was just a little bit too short for the bike . Great product .
 Did n't know what to buy my 4 year-old son for his birthday . We live in a rural setting , and the stores around here do n't carry this product . We bought it , got a great deal on shipping , and once it came my 12 year-old son was able to assemble it with minimal assistance . My 4 year-old is loving this toy ! There 's 3 seat adjustments and he 's only on the first one , which means much room to grow ! I like the flag on the back for safety , and you just ca n't go wrong with Radio Flyer . I highly recommend this product for lots of fun outside !
 Got this for my 4 1/2 yr old grandson for Christmas . He absolutely loves it . Very good quality and very durable .
 My 4yr . old son received this for christmas and has not gotten off of it . Even though it is winter it does n't stop him from endless hours of burning donuts in the back yard .
 Easy Assembly , though there is no written text to accompany the directions/drawings . Looks great , wide & safe stance . Flag is a plus . Add a thumb bell on the handlebars and your child will be the happiest on any block . Even gets passer-by `` Thumbs Up '' from the old guys . Enjoy .
 My grandson loves to ride this toy , and it is such good exercise for him . I highly recommend it . Children these days need more exercise , and I want to be certain he has enough .
 My 3 yr old grandson loves it . He now has a &#34; boy &#34; toy to play with when he comes to our house . Our other children are girls . Easy to put together . Would recommend it .
 Easy to put together . Great gift . Have had radio flyer products around since I was a little girl . You can never go wrong with their products .
 Cool looking and solid . takes about 20-30 minutes to put together . very straight forward . I have an almost 3yo that is in the 70 % height . Not tall enough BUT he should be by spring . He is in love with it.This is hands down the best looking big-wheel I 've come across.Cons ?? No &#34; skid &#34; brake , but we 're not at that level just yet!Great buy !! A + +
 My grandson loves this It 's very well built and durable I highly recommend this Its terrific ! It does take some effort to put together
 Our son wanted a Big Wheel for his son . We looked at everything we could find and this one is well made and sturdy , far better then any other brand we looked at .
 Very sturdy ! Well made . We bought 2 as Christmas presents for our boys 6 and 3 . The 3 year old can not reach the pedals . He is in the 50 % for height . At Christmas he is now three and 5months . He will most likely be able to use this by spring . I recommend not buying this for any one under 4years . Otherwise it is excellent .
 demasiado bueno y economico espero tengan buenas ofertas para el proximo a & ntilde ; o 2013 excelente producto y de muy buena calida
 Easy to put together . Love the rims and flag :-RRB- Seat is very adjustable . Chrome handlebars . Everything seems great on this item .
 This big wheel is made exceptional well . Very impressed . Plus it 's made by Radio flyer and we all know the wagons are the best !
 Bought this for my son a year ago when he turned 5 . . He just turned 6 and still loves this little bike ... It is well made and we 've have no issues with it . . His only complaint is the seat back hurts his back some times . . they could have put it at an angle to make it more comfortable instead of straight up and down . I imagine he will get at least another year out of it before he out grows it ... Great purchase !
 Many bucks cheaper tan even Black Friday printing and exactly the same as make and model . I recommend and easy to put together .
 The trike arrived very quickly and well packaged . The instructions were simple -LRB- no written instructions just drawings -RRB- but I recommend not attempting to assemble after taking cold medication like I did . I got stuck on step one for 10 minutes before I figured out I had picked the wrong parts for the rear wheel axles . That said , once the trike was put together my just turned 3 year old attached himself to it and loves it ! It is very well made and looks like it will last many years . My one disappointment is that even with the adjustable seat all the way up my 3 year old can not reach the pedals even though the age group for this product starts at 3 years . Even with the pedal extensions that you can find on line at Amazon or in any local bike shop he would still come up short . I think the product description should include the fact that unless your child 's inseam length is at least 15-16 inches they are not going to reach the pedals . My 3 year old has an inseam -LRB- to the floor -RRB- of about 12 or 13 inches . I 'm going to find a different style for my 3 year old to ride until he grows a little more .
 My son received this big wheel for his 5th birthday & absolutely LOVES it ! We live in Chicago and I had been very worried about it being so low to the ground . I was afraid that people would n't see him , but the flag solves that problem . It is very well made & durable as well as easy to put together . It took about five minutes of riding for my son to figure out he can spin out . He gets lots of complements when driving it around our neighborhood . The only downfall is all the neighborhood kids want to take a ride too!Also , my son is a tall 5 year old -LRB- over 48 '' -RRB- and has the seat on the middle setting . It looks like he 'll get about a year on it .
 I purchased this for my now 7 year old grandson two years ago . He seems to enjoy riding it , especially now that he is older . He does say the seat hurts his back after awhile -LRB- a minor design change in the seat angle would help this issue -RRB- . It still looks new after two years ... and was a great deal at the time of the purchase , I have seen it almost as cheap local stores recently . I would repeat this purchase if needed , but I would wait until the expected rider were 7-8 + years old before getting it .
 Wonderful trike . Easy to assemble . Love the flag for safety . My child is 40 inches and can pedal just fine with seat in closest setting . Lots of room to grow .
 We bought 3 of these for my boys , ages 6 , 5 and 3 ... they all love them . They fit everyone perfectly with the adjustable seat .
 We purchased this as a 4-year old birthday present for our youngest son . When our oldest son turned 4 , we had bought him what claimed to be the `` original brand '' Big Wheel from Walmart . It lasted roughly one month . Unlike the big wheels from my husband and my childhood , these new `` original '' big wheels are far from durable . I can remember watching my little brother run his big wheel into the garage door over and over again -LRB- until my father would storm out of the house and put the big wheel in `` time out '' for the day -RRB- . Sadly by only riding his big wheel up and down the sidewalk , my oldest son had a pedal fall off . My husband fixed that only to have one of the wheels in the back split right in two.So you can imagine the research I did before spending money once again on a big wheel . We wanted our youngest son to have something fun he could ride , but we wanted it to last for at least a summer . Plus we wanted to keep in mind that our youngest son does not do anything half-way . If he had a big wheel , he was going to RIDE that big wheel . Thanks to reading many Amazon reviews , we settled on the Radio Flyer brand , and I am so pleased that we did.The important break-down : ASSEMBLY
 We gave this to our son for his 4th birthday -LRB- April 24th -RRB- and he just loves it . Last year he got a bike with training wheels so we were worried he might not want to ride it because of his big bike . But he rides them equally and loves his new big wheel . I would highly recommend this big wheel . Also he is a 4yr old wearing 4t clothes and his legs and feet just fit the bike on the lowest setting .
 I wanted to replace a tricycle , because our son was wheeling downhill too fast for me and I wanted him on a more stable , less likely to tip over three wheeler . Now four and at 42 '' tall , he is just big enough to pedal it . He has a bit of a problem going up our slight hills , but I think that will improve as he gets taller . The adjustable seat works well , and overall is well made and easy to assemble . The flag makes him more visable , but I do not let him ride without me along side on my bike anyway . For me , it is the coolest looking Big Wheel out there . With two more adjustments left in the seat , there 's plenty of room for him to grow .
 My 2 sons needed the big wheel experience . For the education minded parents , they needed the thrill of their heightened imagination as they learned the laws of physics . This toy is perfect in size-1 child is 6y , 46.5 inches and has his seat placed in the last of the three settings with legs fully stretched . His feet arent trying to reach and yet he will still have plenty of room for more growth . I was nervous with the size since the box picture child is younger and the other brands build theirs more for nine year olds or the really tall kids . In stores , he never came close to reaching the others pedals . My 4y old is 44 inches and enjoys the seat at its second setting . He has his knees more bent and gets more leverage and control . The front tires softer red rubber adds the much appreciated extra traction that others neglect . The back are the typical smooth tires , not great for bigger inclines , perfect for big wheel spin outs . The first one took this mom with no power tools 40 minutes to assemble , the second one 20 minutes . Requires hammer , phillips screw driver and a cresent wrench or pliers . I think both is a plus for tightening . Simply achieved for ecstatic children .
 I bought this for my son 's 5th birthday and he loves it . I was a little hesitant due to the price versus some of the other `` big wheel '' bikes but I am so glad I decided on this one . It is very well made and sturdy . I like how easy it is to change the seat positions so my 7 year old daughter can ride it too . My son has mastered how to spin on this and he rides it everyday . I am happy that it has a safety flag on it too , these bikes are so low to the ground it helps cars see him and makes me feel that he is safer than the bikes without flags . I am extremely happy with this purchase and would recommend buying this bike .
 My 5 year old son received the Big Wheel for his 5th birthday . After returning it once for missing parts I finally got it assembled . He loved it when we gave it to him UNTIL he tried to ride it . My son only weighs 46 lbs and upon sitting on it for the FIRST time the forks holding the front wheel collapsed and the bike folded . It was unusable . This is not the `` Big Wheel '' of my childhood . They were indestructibe -LRB- I tried when I was his age -RRB- . I do n't know how they can use the Big Wheel name . This is a cheap Chinese piece of dung . Target was gracious enough to return it for a full refund.Now for the Radio Flyer . We bought this on Amazon for the same price the stores wanted , but with free shipping and no tax . Assembly was n't that bad , just follow the pictures -LRB- no words -RRB- . When my son rode it , he was like lightning !!! He loves it and rides it almost every day . He goes fast and turns to spin and laughs crazily . This bike is VERY stable and does not tip over , even at high speeds . It is very durable and actually has some METAL parts , I know , unheard of right?Buy the `` Radio Flyer '' if you are even thinking about this kind of toy . You wo n't regret spending the extra few bucks.ChuckSt . Louis , MO
 Excellent Quality and should give years of fun to my grandchild.However , he in not yet big enough for it . Other reviews said the minimum height to ride is 3 ' 2 '' . They seem to be right . My grandson is only 3 ' and ca n't really do what the toy is designed to do . He 's not frustrated as his dad tells him how much fun it will be when he grows a little more and he is anxious to eat more and grow fast.Advice
 My son is very hard on his Big Wheels . In fact , he has gone through 2 Big Wheels . Because he skids , or his sister stands on it behind the seat when he is driving -LRB- is n't that how you are supposed to ride it ?? -RRB- , he always flattens the Big Wheel tire and or it literally cracks.This Radio Flyer ` big wheel ' is much more stylish , much easier to put together , and feels/looks stronger . While he only got it one month ago , I do n't see the tell-tale flattening of the front wheel . All my kids love the flag -LRB- so much easier to spot him ! -RRB- and the ` real metal ' handle bars . He loves it !! Should 've bought this 2 Big Wheels ago .
 I bought two of these for my 3 and 5 year old boys . They race them down a small steep hill and around our cul-de-sac and into the driveway . The adjustable seat allowed me to fit one for each of them . They and their 7 year old friend agree that they look really cool too because the symbol has a flame that looks like Hotwheels . They all love the flag too . I give it 4 stars instead of 5 because we have had issues with the flag pulling off or bending down because of the way its holder is screwed into the chassis . Not yet sure how many times we can re-screw the holder back in before it will be broken for good . The bike is built very solid and stable although I still make them wear their bike helmets when riding down the hill , but no tip overs yet .
 very well made and looks great kids just love it very sturdy would purchase one again and recommend this product .
 all better than what expected , I arrive all in perfect conditions , just the I gave that tapeworm that to arrive the things arrived
 My grandson really enjoyed his new big wheel . I was disappointed with the pricing , Walmart had the same item for $ 20 . Less
 My 3 yr old love to ride his new Big Wheel . It was easy to build in 10 to 15 min . Only negative is my kid loves to play with the flag which he already broke the support , it could have been designed stronger with lil ' monsters in mind : -RRB-
 My child got it for Xmas and it required assembly . It seems very strong and like it will outlast my kids .
 This is a great big wheel , solid construction and lots of fun . My 4 year old son has already figured out how to do spins . Love this !
 We gave this to our 4-yr-old grandson for Christmas 2008 . When he saw it , he jumped on it immediately & started flying around the house . The seat adjusted easily & that made it easy for he & his 2-yr-old sister to `` share '' the ride . She could ride it , too . Since Christmas , he has ridden it almost as much as the battery-operated vehicle he has ! I do n't think it rides very easily in the grass b/c of the plastic tires , but he has a blast with it on their driveway .
 I bought this after buying -LRB- and then returning -RRB- an Original Big Wheel . No comparison on a quality level . The Radio Flyer is very sturdy and well made . The Original Big Wheel front forks were bending under the weight of my FOUR YEAR OLD !! The Radio Flyer would hold me if I could fit on it . This is the third `` big wheel '' I have bought over the years and I think it will be the last.Fitting info
 We bought this for our son as a Christmas present because the similar items at the local stores were flimsy ! We are very happy with the quality of this product and its ability to stand up to a toddler .
 Plain and simple . There is no better `` Big Wheel '' on the market . The Chrome Handle Bars are a hoot . The flag helps with visibility . It met all of my expectations as my son discovered the joys of this trike . Everything I remember was faithfully reproduced for his play . Allow 30 minutes or so to assemble .
 This is clearly better quality and value than the Big Wheel . Just wish it had the hand break like the `` good ole days . '' A must-have for any little one : -RRB-
 My 4 year old absolutely loves this radio flyer `` big wheeler '' . I had to add a little pillow behind his back to slide him closer to the pedals -LRB- he 's a little small -RRB- , but it 's hysterical to watch him tear around the driveway and down the street . He does not tire of this either - it 's like he is equipped w batteries of his own on this exciting trike . It 'll grow with him in the years to come w great seat adjustments . I hope the tires put up with all the mileage he 's going to give them . I like the safety flag trailing behind him as well , esp since he is so low to the ground . Great gift !
 My 4 year old Loves his New Big Flyer that we got him for Xmas ! He is in the 95th percentile for his age and still needs to grow just a little more before he 's able to fully ride with his feet on the pedals . However he loves riding on it anyways . I would recommend this big wheel to any kid 4 and older !
 We love the classic syle of this big wheel and the fact that it wasnt plastered with cartoon characters like so many of todays toys . It was easy to assemble and was shipped fast .
 My 5 year old grandson loves his new big wheel . It is very durable with metal parts verses plastic that you find on some big wheels . He loved the flag on the back of the bike .
 Looked at the classic Big Wheel , but this toy is better in many ways . A wonderful upgrade from the classic toy .
 Surprisingly it was very difficult to find this product in any of the retail stores in my area . Luckily I went online and was able to get the product before Christmas . My son loved it very much . I finally got rid of the smaller version of this product because he grew out of it . I know that he will probably grow out of this before it wears out . Thanks for the fast delivery .
 I bought this big wheel as a Christmas gift for my nephew who is 4 years old . He absolutely loves it . It was the star of all of the Christmas gifts .
 Purchased this for my 4 year old for Christmas this year . My son loves it ... it was a big hit ! He is tall for his age , but he is able to reach the pedals with the seat in the closest position . He should be able to use it for several years to come with the 3 seat adjustments . It also looks great . My husband got it put together pretty easily ... not very stressful . Was shipped promptly . Great purchase .
 I bought this big wheel for my two boys , ages 3 1/2 & 6 1/2 . Although the product itself is great -LRB- although a bit pricey for what you get -RRB- , my younger son 's legs ca n't reach the pedals -LRB- he 's average to tall for his age -RRB- and my old son loves it , but he does n't want his friends to see him riding it , as it is n't quite cool enough anymore .
 While the toy seems to be durable , we have n't had it long enough to tell if it 's going to hold up to abuse from a three year old . Petals could be a little closer to reach also . All transactions were quick and easy .
 Purchased the Radio Flyer Big Flyer for my 4.5 year old son for Christmas , and he loves it !! Had someone put together for me , so ca n't attest to the ease , but few pieces so did n't look difficult . My son in average to tall for his age and the seat is in the first set of holes so plenty of room for growth . Was afraid at first because it looked tiny , but the extension of legs and upward position makes you have to put them closer than expected to the steering . He loves that he can go `` super fast '' unlike his bike which he needs to practice more and use more muscle strength . Looks really cute , and durable , and the flag is super cool , and a safety feature as I can see the flag if I lose sight of him behind a bush or something , and so can other cars . There is no braking , but low enough that they can stop quickly with feet or do the really cool spin around thing ... the older boys and men all stop to reminince about thier days of their own big wheels !
 i like the durable aspects of this as opposed to a regular big wheel , but as other reviewers noted , the pedals are too far for my 2 1/2 yr old son to reach , and he is almost 40 inches !
 I bought this for my son for Christmas and all I can say is `` AWESOME ! '' . It is well made like all the radio flyer stuff . Far sturdier and more durable than other big wheels out there . And it just looks amazing . I 'm fairly certain than when my son is my age he 'll remember this gift fondly and will take great pleasure buying a similar product for his kids .
 Bought this toy for my 5 year old , she rides it every chance she gets . My 7 year old also loves it . Great for active kids , well built , easy to assemble .
 I bought 2 of these for my 2 & 4 year hold grandson 's for Christmas . They went together very easily and seem very sturdy . The boys love them . The youngest ca n't reach the peddles , but it has n't stopped him from riding it all around the house and keeping up with his brother . Hope they last as long as the `` old '' Big Wheels did .
 This is a great toy and it is sturdy . I especially love the flag because we can see where our grandson is as he rides down the sidewalk.Radio Flyer Big Flyer
 After much research , we purchased this for my 3 1/2 year old . He 's a tall boy -LRB- looks at least 5 ! -RRB- so I wanted something he could grow with for awhile . His feet just reach to make the rotation when pedaling , and the seat is in the closest position . It has two more . He 'll be able to use this for a couple years . I 'm a big fan of the quality of toys produced by Radio Flyer - and this is no exception . Seems quite durable , with just enough zing to make it appealing without buying into the hype of the latest movie trend . We 're thrilled , and more importantly , my son loves his big wheel . He says so everyday : -RRB-
 We bought this for a 5 yr . old boy . He loves it and it is easy for him to use . I like how the front wheel is made with reinforced plastic . I remember when I was growing up , the front wheel on big wheels would always disintegrate within one season with normal use . I think this current big wheel will last much longer . Nicely built product !
 My granddaughter Sofie is 4 years old and I purchased this for her as her first Big Wheel broke . She loves it and rides it every evening while her mom and dad walk/jog . I had Amazon ship it directly to the city where they live and it it arrived in just a few days . Dad had to put it together but that was a breeze .
 Forty-three years ago my son had this type of three-wheeler and he loved it , spent countless hours riding it . When I saw this similar one , I knew I had to buy it for his daughter . What wonderful memories it brings back to see her riding the big wheel her father liked so much . The Radio Flyer makes a great product -- I recently received one of their `` toys '' for my 70th birthday -- a wagon for my garden work .
 My 5 year old grandson outgrew his big wheel and this is the perfect size for the next couple of years . It seems really durable and easily put together within 30 minutes . I would n't hesitate to order another one for my next grandchild . He loves the flag on the back and rides it all the time .
 THIS IS A VERY NICE TRYKE , IT REMINDS ME OF THE ONE ME AND MY BROTHER SHARED 40 YEARS AGO . I SHOULD HAVE PURCHASED TWO BECAUSE MY BOYS ARE FIGHTING OVER THIS ONE .
 It was purchased for our Grandsons to use when they visit . It was an immediate success . It is sturdily built and easy to assemble . Good for coordination development . Most of all it is just plain fun .
 My mom just purchased this for my four year old for his birthday . He 's already figured out how to go down the hill and spin out at the bottom ... as we all did on our big wheels . The front tire of our big wheel wore out quickly from regular use with our older son . This front tire has some additional hard plastic on it that provides reinforcement where it is needed the most . My son is a typically sized 4 year old and this will grow with him for a few years . I 'm really happy we found this product !
 My 4 year old son loves , loves , loves this big wheel !!! We got it for him for his 4th birthday -LRB- 6 mos ago -RRB- . Big wheels are kind of hard to find anymore . Of the few we found , this was by far the cheapest .
 Was looking for a `` big wheels '' from when our children were growing up to give to our grand children . Came across this `` Big Flyer '' at Amazon . Bought it , gave it to our grandson -LRB- 4 yrs . old -RRB- he absolutely loves it . Not quite like the `` Big Wheels '' of old but darn good.Would strongly recommend !
 After returning the `` Original Big Wheel '' , I was careful to read the reviews on this Big Wheel . I was not disappointed in the product at all . Very sturdy , easy to assemble and my grandson loves it ! Paying a little more was the right decision .
 This is a great Big Wheel . I ordered it early for my 21/2 year old Grandson for Christmas . Grandpa took it out of its box and checked it out . All is fine ! My Grandson will be so happy because it 's exactly what he wants .
 MY 4 YEAR OLD LOVES THIS HE GOT IT FOR HIS BIRTHDAY AND THINKS ITS THE GREATEST RIDE IN TOWN LOL GREAT PRESENT .
 I bought two of these for my grandsons , they are 4 and 6 . They love them ! These big wheels are awesome , and they seem to be of a sturdy quality . I was worried the 4 year old would n't be able to use it , but he was a natural ! I highly recommend these big wheels .
 My four year old son LOVES this !!! Much better quality than the ` Big Wheel ' version . The long flag pole allows cars to see the big wheel when not normally in view of the mirrors .
 Got this for my son 's 3rd birthday and he loves it ! He rides it all the time . It 's great quality . We had originally purchased the smaller , cheaper plastic version and returned it because it was cheap and put bruises on his back . We ended up buying this one and am so glad we did ! You wo n't be disappointed !
 When I discovered that I could no longer buy a `` real '' big wheel for my grandson , I was disappointed . My grandson is only six , but is 4 ' tall and around 90 lbs - there were really no options for him ! After looking at the choices available , I decided on the Radio Flyer . It arrived quickly , and was easy to assemble.He has been using it for about 6 weeks now , and it is his favorite riding toy . As many other reviews have mentioned , the flag bracket is worse than worthless - the screws were pulled out within minutes , and reattaching with the same screws was a waste of time . I did a relatively simple fix and it has stood up to abuse so far . I took off the flag bracket and drilled out the holes in the bracket to accommodate # 8x3/4 '' screws , then reattached the bracket with the oversized screws and washers . I did not drill out the holes in the body - just the bracket . The oversized screws have enough bite in the body that they do n't pull out . The fix is not as attractive as the original mount , but it works . Now all they have to do is build one that will handle taller , heavier kids ... Overall , I am satisfied with the Big Flyer . It 's not as flashy as the original Big Wheels were , but it is holding up well , and that 's more than some other versions can say .
 The kids have a lot of fun on this . The only problem is the rubber part on the front wheel comes off sometimes .
 My 4 year old LOVES big wheels . We literally bought FOUR Origional Big Wheels from Target - each defective to the point that it was unable to be assembled or ridden . This led to several weeks of tears . We decided to purchase the Big Flyer from Radio Flyer , hoping that the increased cost would give us better quality . Sure enough , this assembled with ease and is much more durable . The parts are better quality . My son races happily around . Do n't bother with the cheaper Origional Big Wheel .
 I bought this product for my son on his 6th birthday . He loves it and plays with it frequently , which is the reason I bought it . However , I think it could be significantly improved with rubber wheels instead of plastic . I have a concrete carport and an asphault driveway . The plastic wheels just do n't hold up and wear out fast . You can get replacement wheels , but it is a pain to have to do this when rubber wheels would extend the life of the toy dramatically .
 We bought this bike for our 4 year old and he loves it !! It is very well made , fairly easy to assemble , and looks sporty ! It is very safe as our little speed demon flies around the neighborhood without tipping over ! We highly recommend this bike !
 I bought this for two rowdy boys ages 3 and 5 and they just love it !! The 5 year old just took off and rode it fast . The 3 year old took a few minutes to figure it out but when he did he loved it . He goes at a slower pace than his brother . This is an exellent toy as kids with super energy can ride a long time and then it wears them out for a nap . To be safe i go to a tennis court and they ride around safely . If they get off the court on the grass they find out it is not as easy to ride on grass so they get right back on the court . I also go to Basketball courts . Both bikes fit fine up front in my ford escort so it works out well . They absolutlely love these bikes !!!!!!! Five stars *****
 We have been looking for a big wheel for our son , he 's 5 and has Autism . We had been having a ton of trouble on a regular bicycle because of the breaks ... and the overall pressure needed to push ... but this Radio Flyer BigWheel has been a great help with our son 's overall occupational therapy ... he is now a happy `` pedaler '' and well on his way to a bigger bike . It 's adjustable seat made me very happy ... and it seems very durable ! Great BigWheel that helped us to bigger and better things !
 I bought this for my son , he has gone through 2 big wheels already . He keeps wearing the front plastic tire out . He rides this as often as he can , and it hold up really well . Good investment for kids , have not had any problems with the peddals coming off .
 We bought our daughter -LRB- 7 -RRB- a Big Wheel for Christmas . It came with the seat back missing . Then , after riding for 10 minutes both peddles had come off . I returned it and bought the Radio Flyer big Flyer . She has been riding it hard ever since and we have had no problems . I 've never had a Radio Flyer product that I was n't happy with .
 Having previously purchased a `` Big Wheel '' , and disappointed in it 's quality , we were delighted to find the quality alternative in the Radio Flyer Big Flyer . The Big Flyer has a well engineered design that is considerably superior to the BW . Right away we appreciated the widely spaced pedal shafts so our 2 1/2 yo grandson ca n't get his feet wedged between the pedal and the wheel , which happened constantly on the BW . Secondly we appreciate the way the handle bars are engineered , in that they are easy to turn - not true on the Big Wheel . Finally , we like the sturdy feel and attention to detail - like plastic covers over exposed bolts etc. . Great stuff ! Our grandson would n't ride the BW , but calls the Radio Flyer his motorcycle and is very comfortable with it.note
 When I was five this is all I wanted for Christmas . I did n't care that I would n't be able to use it for 5 more months . My son was equally excited to receive it ... so much so , that he did not even hesitate to share with his sister as he could `` drive '' her around on it . Only thing missing is the emergency hand brake .
 Great product . We have already gone thru 2 Original Big Wheels in a year - my son is pretty hard on them.We 're hoping that the Radio Flyer holds up longer . The wheels look sturdier than the Big Wheel and it 's easy to put together.Overall , great value and my son rides it every day!Happy New Year !
 I bought this for my 4 year old for Christmas to match the Green Machine I bought for my older son . He loves it ! He calls it his red machine and loves to ride it down the hill in our driveway . We have only had it for a few days but it seems very sturdy as most Radio Flyer stuff tends to be . It is perfect for a child who is `` big '' but not ready for the Green Machine !
 I was looking for a `` Big Wheel '' for my grandson like the ones that my children rode in the 70 's . Of course , that company is not in business anymore , so this was as close as I could get to that . It is excellent quality , sharp looking and my grandson loves it . Brings back great memories !!
 I got this to replace a smaller big wheels and the best part is , my grandson loves it . A big plus is , I had no problems putting it together .
 Good transitional bike for child too big for tricycle but not able to balance on training wheels yet . Good quality . Adjustable seat is great . -LSB- -LSB- ASIN : B000NVBEA6 Radio Flyer Big Flyer -RSB- On-time shipping too . Not difficult to put together .
 My daughter wanted a big wheel just like she had when she was a kid , for her 2 daughters . I searched pretty hard for one that was as durable as they used to be . well I found it , this `` big wheel '' is just like the old ones . I bought 2 , 1 for each of them . My daughter did say it was the hardest assembly she had ever done , and the youngest shes 2 1/2 ca n't reach the peddles , but still worth it.happy kids - happy grandma
 I bought this for my grandson and he loves it . It would have been better if the instructions were more clear -- words and pictures ; not just pictures .
 My 5 year old grandson 's mouth dropped when we gave him this Big Flyer and he has n't gotten off of it since . Everytime we stop by the house he tells us how much he loves it . I love that the seat is easily adjustable to fit his 7 year old brother and 3 year old sister . They all love it .
 My child is on his 2nd big wheel and this one is great . Easy to put together , durable , and so far showing no signs of wear .
 ... but our 2-year-old son is a little young for it . We wanted to get him a Big Wheel but heard that their quality has gone downhill , so we got this instead . Unfortunately , his feet do n't reach the petals . It seems sturdy , though .
 We wanted our grandson to have a bike like his dad had , so were pleased to find theRadio Flyer Big Flyer , which actually exceeds the standards of the classic Big Wheel . Costs more but extra quality and safety features are worth it . Assembly is easy . Important parts are made of metal , not plastic .
 my boy loves this bike . 3 months shy of four -LRB- tall for his age -RRB- . can ride it up hill pretty good , feels comfortable going fast down hill , he likes to take his feet off the pedals to slow down . -LRB- why i buy him cheap shoes -RRB- . his his little 17 month old sister loves sitting in it and pretending to ride it . all the neighborhood friends up to 10 year old love the bike , really a great bike . hopefully they do n't break or steal it .
 A great `` big wheel '' providing outdoor fun ! My son loves this and it can grow with him . He is 4 years old now and due to seat adjustment will be riding this for the next couple of years .
 My 5 year old grandson loves this Big Flyer . It has 3 positions for the back rest which is a wonderful feature . It can grow with him for a few years at least . A bit tricky to put together but well worth it .
 I like the flag on this thing because the kid flys on it and I can see where he is . Be careful . It can tip if the child turns too quickly and mine did and got hurt . I would say to make your child wear a helmet on cement or road surfaces if you have a wild one like I do .
 A very high quality and excellent bike with a low center of gravity . However , even with the adjustable seat in the full forward position , probably only for 4 year olds and up .
 Was lookin for the old style Big Wheel , saw this and ordered 2 of for grandsons birthdays 4 + 6 yrs old and was a GREAT choice ... LOVE them . . sturdy , bicycle type handlebars , safe and fun . Assembly not too bad . Seat back adjusts so fits a good range of childs size . . Order came quickly . Will definatly order for my other grandchildrens birthdays !!
 The Big Flyer appears to be very durable . The five year old driving this Big Flyer is tall for his age but fits nicely on the Big Flyer . He LOVES the flag . Thinks it makes it really cool . Mom loves the flag . He is easy to spot ! Amazon had the best price I could find for this item and it was delivered in speedy fashion .
 We got this for our son for his birthday . He loves it . I love the flag on it , because it 's the first thing I see when we 're in our backyard .
 My son loves this and rides it all the time . Very rugged and lots of fun .
 First I would like to say what great customer service we had with Amazon , when we received the Radio Flyer -LRB- next day delivery at no charge -RRB- , It was missing a part . . The return was the easiest process I ever encounter from talking to a very friendly customer service representative , to free shipping back to them with just a print from my computer . . and can you believe we got a new Radio Flyer in the next 2 days.Thank you for making this process so easy ! The only problem we had with this toys is the instruction sheet , no words just picture ?? We had the Hardest time building this toys , so be patient . . My son is 5 years old and just love is `` Big Flyer '' .
 putting this thng together was a nightmare for my husband , he even had to resort to a hammer ! warped but with hammer in hand it snapped into place . my son loves it !
 My son got this for his birthday from my mom and dad . He totally loves it . It 's his favorite `` bike '' to ride.We take it with us when we go to the park all the time . I love that it has the Flag on it so I can quickly find him in a crowd.Excellent toy for the price .
 Wondering - is there some magical difference between the Model 79S and the 79 ? I thought I got a great $ 66 deal on this by ordering from Amazon , yesterday and I just seen this on an end-cap at Walmart for $ 30 !!! Could they be the exact same Radio Flyer cycle ? CRAP !!
 This toy was gift for my grandson , Aiden , for his fifth birthday . The Radio Flyer Big Flyer is very similar to the Big Wheel tricycles that my four sons used when they were youngsters . Aiden has really enjoyed riding his new tricycle and is amazed how much fun it is to ride .
 I bought this bike for my 3 year old grandson , Nate . It 's a pretty neat little big wheel , and it seems pretty durable . My grandson was just barely reaching the peddles . But we figure by spring he will reach the peddles just fine . My grandson , Nate , really likes it ! And I guess that the best part is that I found the very best price with free shipping on Amazon . Based on other prices I saw , I saved $ 30-50 bucks . That 's one of the things I really like about Amazon . You seem to find the best prices here . I use this website more than any for shopping . Thanks very much ! Happy New Year ! Ruth Siminski
 es un gran juguete , lo usa mi hijo para las caminatas y juegos con sus amigos y primos . se armo muy rapido y es seguro
 Fu&eacute; buena la compra , en El Tiempo de lo esperado , me gusto el Producto , doy fe de la compra . producto de excelente calidad ,
 Length :
 After reading the reviews I purchased this toy for my son before Christmas directly from Amazon . I managed to get a great deal with my prime account for $ 62 shipped . I would not have bought this for the current price of $ 75 plus $ 12 shipping . It arrived on-time and was easy to assemble from the instructions provided . I have only two complaints ; the age group should be 5 + , my son is a Tall 4 year old -LRB- approx 39 '' -RRB- and can barely touch the pedals with the seat moved forward . He can get it going but has to point his toes , so it is not as comfortable to ride as I he would like . The flag did fall off soon after riding it , from lack of engineering . The tiny screws pull out of the plastic easily , causing the flag to fall over . It is really not a big deal , but the company should either make the flag lighter or the screws wider . I am going to gorilla glue it and call it good , not really a problem . The tires seems to grab and he can get it cruising . All the parts operate smoothly and looks like it will hold up to some serious abuse . I really like that handle bars are metal as that is the part that takes the most abuse . It looks really cool when he is riding around , so my hats off to the designers . I would recommend this product to my friends .
 Very sturdy and well built Big Wheel . My Grandson loves it and i do believe that it is one that will last a long time . It is not the shaky plastic stuff , it is mostly metal .
 I GOT THIS BIKE FOR MY 3 YEAR OLD DAUGHTER AND I WAS SUPRISED HOW MUCH ROOM THEIR IS TO GROW SHE IS VERY BIG FOR HER AGE SHES THE SIZE OF A FIVE YEAR OLD AND I HAD TO ADJUST THE SEAT TO THE FRONT AND ALSO ITS VERY FAST .
 Great product as I knew it would be . I ordered two , and the kids LOVE them !!! Shipping was very quick .
 I thought my kid was going to use it more but he 's hesitant because of the uncomfortable seat position , I guess he 'll get used to it
 We bought this for our son 's 4th bday . He had destroyed his older plastic Big Wheel by repeatedly stripping the screws near the handle bars so they kept lifting off . Unfortunately he did the same with this new one - the handle bar was off within two weeks , but we bought new screws and it is holding up now . In general it is solid and strong and a great bike . It would fit an older 3 year old and 4 year olds on the smallest size . Room to grow . The flag is fun for the little ones -LRB- although we have stripped a screw in that also ! I think my guy is just a little too rough ! -RRB- . He loves the bike .
 This Big Flyer -LRB- Big Wheel -RRB- is AWESOME , AWESOME , AWESOME . . We have a large screened in patio with lots of concrete for the kids to run around on . This worked out great . My son has gotten the hang of drifting -LRB- Sliding the Big Flyer -RRB- that he loves to get me to see him . I really wish could get on it and do it myself . It 's a great toy . My kids range from 3 to 5 . They both do great on it .
 Great alternative to a Big Wheel . Sturdier to be sure . Only problem was difficult assembly
 We bought this for our 2 year old son and he LOVES it ! The only issue we have with it is that he 's a little too small too reach the pedals , even on the closest setting . We had to buy blocks for the pedals so that he could actually use it .
 Purchased these for my twin girls 5th Birthday , they love them . So far they are holding up . Even though it does n't have the brake we had as kids you can still do spins and mini wipe outs . The flag is a great feature . Overall this was a very good purchase .
 We purchased this for my son 's 5th birthday . He absolutely loves this big wheel . After only 3 days of use the pedal broke and needless to say he was very upset but I came inside and called radio flyer and they told me to fill out the online replacement part form and it would be replaced free of charge . They are a company of their word , the part went out the next day and is now on it 's way here . I would recommend this big wheel and Radio Flyer , as their customer service was great !
 I am somewhat of an expert in Big Wheels , having put together several , and several different models . What I like most about this one is the wide rear wheelbase . My boys like to spin out at the end of a run down a hill , and other big wheels , including the original , tip over much , much easier . This one is , unless you hit a rock or a pothole , practically impossible to roll.Additionally , this one has an extra strip of plastic on the front wheel . This adds dramatically to durability and prolongs the emergence of the holes that occur from stopping and skidding.This is , in my opinion , the best designed and built version of a Big Wheel on the market .
 I bought this last spring for my then three-and-a-half year old daughter . While she is quite tall for her age , the pedals were juuuuuust out of reach whenever she turned the wheel . But she still had a blast!Forward to now - my daughter is now four , and can pedal just great on it . She is still on the shortest seat setting , and the bike has been an outdoor-only bike since we got it , but is showing no wear at all , minus the loss of one sticker . :-RRB- Every time the weather gets at all nice , she comes to me and says , `` Mommy , I 'd like to go ride my big wheel ! `` I bought this because of other reviews saying the bike was well made , durable , and because it was the only one I saw at the time that had the flag on it -LRB- which is plenty high to see from a car level - major plus in my book just in case ! -RRB- . So far , all of those positive reviews have held to be true.When I watch her ride this bike I remember my big wheel that I had when I was a kid , and how much I loved it -LRB- and how much use my sisters and I got out of our original 70 's Big Wheel , hehe -RRB- . I am anticipating just as much fun and excitement for my kids on this bike , and I think it 's going to easily last until they 're ready for two-wheeled bicycles .
 We wanted a great throwback to the 70 's bigwheel ... and we got it but only better ! My 4 year old son LOVES riding this around the neighborhood . I like it because I find this low to the ground big wheel safer than his two wheeled bike with training wheels . My husband said it was easy to put together too . Great purchase ... summer is going to be a blast this year with this thing !
 I sent this to my 3yr old nephew for Christmas and he went bonkers over it ! He has been driving it since he received it and his older brother now wants one of his own . My sister said the seat was great because as he grows the seat can be adjusted and she said it was very well made .
 My son loves it . It was very easy to assemble . I had asked the seller to rush for my son 's 4th birthday . He did and it arrived right on time . Thank you .
 My daughter is 40 '' tall and 70 pounds , but she still fits fine with a little room to spare . It holds her without a problem . We have tried a few other `` big wheels '' , but they were n't sturdy enough for her . This one is great . She loves it .
 My son received this toy for Christmas and it soon became his favorite set of wheels . He never wants to ride his bike now . He zooms all over the neighborhood . He is 5 and I can see he will ride it for at least another year .
 I purchased this for my 3 year old grand son and he loves it . Very easy to assemble , durable and a great price .
 This was a great toy . My nephew has had a lot of fun with it . He is six and has downs , he was a little afraid of his bike.B He goes to town on this toy . Great for any child .
 My son loves this toy so much - it was easy to put together , a great deal on price , and has a flag which makes me feel better when he rides it out in front of the house .
 Bought this for my four year old nephew he loves it even rides it in the basement during the winter time . The flag is awesome because when kids ride on the sidewalk the fear is always someone pulling out of the driveway without seeing them , the flag makes them visible . The seat grows with him and he can keep up with the bikes so its nice at the park as well . He does n't fall off because its low to the ground so he thinks its fun and we think is safe .
 Very nice toy , but some of the part are not so durable , my boy pull the flag in the back and broke the plastic base so it does n't fit any more .
 My grandson really loves this and rides everyday . It reminds me of my kids when they were young and rode their `` Big Wheels '' . So much fun and great exercise .
 My two boys -LRB- 3 and 5 -RRB- enjoy riding this toy . I bought it for them for last Christmas and it took about 20 minutes to put it together -LRB- very easy -RRB- . Since the seat is adjustable -LRB- the gray part where you lean back -RRB- , I adjust them for my boys . Overall a good solid toy and none to beat Radio Flyer style and quality .
 Love it !!!!! We have used it a lot . My son got this from Santa and ca n't tear it up . Extremely durable and low to the ground so no falling off . This was a great transition from toddler cycle to big boy bike . He 's still able to ride it now and will for several years to come . Great product !
 Came quickly , pretty easy to put together , mostly plastic parts , need a hammer and a screwdriver , directions are pictures only , no written directions . Havent used it a lot yet .
 I buy these kind of bikes because my daycare kids love them and there great excercise and it get them active and busy outside .
 Have not taken item out of box yet it is for my grandsons kindergard graduation so I cant write review yet
 My review is written while the big flyer is still in the box . It is a present for my Grandson , he will be 4 . My first purchase of a big wheel was not this particular one , it was not available at this time , so looking at the reviews , I decided to get this one . I am sure my Grandson will love it , it looks sturdy and hopefully will provide months of fun for my Grandson ... My oldest Grandson had the best time with his . I will buy each of my Grandchildren -LRB- 7 -RRB- a big wheel when they are 4 years of age , it is a great toy/bike !!!
 Bought this for my four year old grandson to ride in my driveway and he loves it . He 's getting better mileage than his 8 year old sister on the Big Wheel.The neighbors probably love the early morn races !! The flag on the back is a great safety factor for backing up vehicles or for when he parks it too close my mini-van . Love it so far .
 Durable and improved since as a little kid I used to have a Hot Wheels cycle that lasted well long ago . I found the cycle as well-built and reliable , except the flag holder in the back broke easily with two screws out of three screws holding the flag . Wish they should include a stronger holder that will hold up the flag well with strong resistance being knocked down by tall items overhead . My two sons love to ride it around and learning how to pedal faster over time , including adjustable seating . Well worth my investment and recommend it to anyone interested .
 I have 2 grandsons who have this toy . They love it . The `` just turned three '' year old can not reach the pedals yet , but he enjoys it anyway . The other grandchild saw this toy at his cousin 's house and just HAD to have it for his birthday . He just turned 4 and it is perfect for him .
 Santa gave both our boys -LRB- 3 & 6yrs -RRB- this for Christmas last year . It 's really great - lower to the ground that a tricycle and so safer , especially with the flag . They get used just about every morning . Our 3-yr old 's legs are just long enough to pedal -LRB- I will say he 's a bit tall for his age , so if your little guy/gal is slightly shorter that may be an issue -RRB- . However , the flags wo n't stay in the hole AND the wheels are losing their treads - and this began early . I do n't like this because I know the wheel will start coming apart one of these days . But overall , this was a great purchase at a great price . And an added bonus
 I love the Radio Flyer . The only problem we had is that we had to put it together ourselvesand we are n't the most technical people . It took a little time to figure it out , but our kids love it . It ` sso much fun to watch them ride . The flag is useless . We bought two Radio Flyers and bothflags broke within ten minutes . My friend had the same problem with her flags .
 She absolutely loved this . It was a little overwhelming at first when I opened the box seeing all the pieces , but it was relatively easy step-by-step directions . Even though this was a last minute purchase four days before Christmas we still received it the next day as promised .
 One of our daughters has a hilarious sense of humor . She is 21 years old , and asked for a big wheel for Christmas . We ordered the Radio Flyer Big Flyer , and it was even better than we expected . It was less expensive that the big wheels that we looked at in WalMart , and it was higher quality . Since then , our daughter and her friends have ridden it around the neighborhood and had so much fun with it . Talk about durable !
 We bought this for our five year old for Christmas . He loved it . I thought he might be too old but I was wrong . He will probably be able to ride it for another two years . He is able to go super fast and loves to `` skid out . '' He thinks the flag is super cool too . It 's a great looking bike at a great price . We thought about getting the one with the lever but I do n't think my son is ready for that . It was the perfect gift for our son .
 Love this product , in fact I bought two . The front tire/pedals are pretty tricky . . recommend watching the video that is on their website .
 Very easy to assemble . My son is a very tall 3 yr old and his legs are justLong enough to make the pedals go all theWay around . In a few months I expect to seeHim driving all over the driveway !
 THE RADIO FLYING BIG FLYER WAS JUST PERFECT FOR MY 4 YEAR OLD GRANDSON WHO IS LEARNING TO RIDE A TWO-WHEELER . IT REQUIRES NO LEARNING CURVE AND IS PURE FUN FOR HIM . IT DOES REQUIRE SOME ASSEMBLY , HOWEVER , BEWARE !! MY EXPERIENCE WITH MY OWN CHILDREN A GENERATION AGO WAS THAT THE BIG WHEELS SERVED THEM WELL WITH YEARS OF FUN UNTIL AGE 9 OR 10 . YOU WILL GET YOUR MONEY 'S WORTH !!
 This product is a hard to find product in store.Assembly is straight forward.Once in operation a heavy 3 year old -LRB- my weighs 40 lbs . -RRB- finds it difficult to go up a slight incline as the frontwheel is light weight plastic and spins as if he is on ice as the center of gravity is towards the rear , however on a level surface had no problems.The back seat rest has 3 adjustable setting which is changed by just pulling the rest outand re-inserting it into another set of distances.Radio Flyer Big FlyerTM
 Our 4 yr old twin grandsons absolutely love these , when we first got them they had a little trouble pedaling , -LRB- short legs -RRB- but once they got the hang of it nothing could stop them ! I really love the durability , they were also very easy to put together .
 My wife and I bought this Big Wheel for my then 3.5 year old son for Christmas 2011 . It has taken him a bit of time to grow into , but he loves it . The front wheel has an extra layer of plastic , making it more durable than the big wheel that I had , growing up in the 1970 's . At first I had to fashion a set of blocks from a 2x4 that I zip tied to the pedals so that he could reach them . This big wheel is really more appropreate for a child of around 4 years old . My son is in the 75th percential in height for kids his age , so he 's not short . We got rid of the pedal blocks about a month before his 4th birthday . The Radio Flyer Big Wheel has proven to be a durable , well made product that my son really enjoys . I think that it should last him until he moves on to a bicycle . I plan to get one of these for my daughter too , once she is ready .
 All my grandchildren have one now.They love them.Ages 3 1/2 to 6 1/2 Hope to have many fun years with them.My own children had them and they stilltalk about their races .
 I bought this for my granddaughter 's fifth birthday . It is very durable and she loves it . Great for developing gross motor skills !
 This big wheel is very sturdy and looks authentic . Very easy to put together . Highly recommended . My two year old is a little too short to reach the pedals but I am sure when he grows into it he will love it . Currently he sits on it all the time and motors around using his feet .
 It 's a beatiful toy ! My 4-year-old boy loved it . But i verified that it 's a little heavy for him.Another thing that has to be told
 This is a wonderful toy , but it could use better wheels . They dont get a lot of traction , but good for smooth asphalt . My daughter has loved it since the day she got it . Still rides it .
 good product - enhances balance and gives confidenceI have 8 younger grandchildren , 6 can and do ride this bikeI bought 2 this time so they can share
 I bought this Radio Flyer for my grandson 's 4th birthday . He Loves it.When his mother was his age she had a Big Wheel , but the ones outthere now are cheaply made and I did n't care for them . I was happy to findthis one was a quality product , so he could have the same fun experiencethat his mother had as a kid . I will buy it for my other grand children .
 My grandson who is 3 yrs . & 4 months loves to ride this trike . It took him 3 days to get the hand of it with his daddy out there with him . Everything about is awesome ! Great color , great durability & stability and he can grow with it . Best Radio Flyer toy so far !
 My son got this when he was four . I had to put a towel at first for him to reach the pedals , but he quickly was able to reach . He has loved it from the start , the big wheel really allows him to go fast . His friends and cousin purchased one also , they all have such a fun time racing around on these . They are made well , my son uses it every day -LRB- weather permitting -RRB- , and it is still in great condition . I looked around for a while for a big wheel , and on the advice of my sister -LRB- who really researches everything -RRB- purchased this as the wheels are durable and will withstand wear . Highly recommend , a must have for a active boy .
 Sturdy , fun , and my grandson loves it ! Takes hard use and provides hours of fun for a four year old .
 I just got this for my son 's second birthday and he absolutely loves it !! It just perfect for him and looks really cool while he rides it .
 I got this for my 3 year old son for his birthday he loves it . My daughter is seven and also injoys the radio flyer also .
 The quality of the Radio Flyer Big Wheel exceeded my expectations . We have purchased quality products from Radio Flyer in the past , and we were not disappointed with The Radio Flyer Big Wheel . While others looked like plastic , this has steel and chrome and quality built in . Our little two year old grandson will have to grow into it , but he loves it already . I 've done the comparison shopping to similar models , and this one was the best we found .
 My 4 year old absolutely loves this Christmas gift !! He calls it his big wheelie !! It was not too hard to put together . The directions were missing one step but we were able to figure it out on Christmas Eve !!
 I purchased this vehicle for my 4.25 yr old 52lb son hoping he would enjoy it . He has found riding a bike challenging , and I wanted something he could get good exercise while having fun . As a single mom , he and I assembled it together . Assembly was much easier than the Cozy Coup we put together 2 years ago . Assembly went great and he has thoroughly enjoyed it ! He can handle the vehicle with confidence and peddles well . It seems very durable and given his size , he will put durability to the test . After researching this product and the original Big Wheel , I opted for the Radio Flyer for quality purposes . It was more expensive and I 'm feeling even though we 've only had it 2 weeks that it was a great decision . I highly recommend it !
 I purchased this Big Flyer for my grandson and it arrived promptly . Also , it was fairly easy to assemble . The quality of the materials was very good and I was impressed that it was very well designed . My grandson is enjoying it immensely!I chose this over the `` Big Wheel '' ; while it was twice as expensive , the quality makes up for the price -LRB- I saw the other one at Target and it was made of very poor quality plastic -RRB- . Sometimes you do get what you pay for !
 Our 3 year old son is a rough and tumble little boy . We had originally purchased one of the fold-n-go trikes but it was constantly tipping over and he was getting hurt . We wanted something he could enjoy riding at top speed without falling off , as well as something of lasting quality . Boy has this big wheel ever delivered ! He loves it , as do even the `` big '' kids on our street ! We love that the seat is adjustable for when he gets bigger , or when a bigger kid wants a turn . It moves back very quickly and easily . I would HIGHLY recommend this to anyone looking for a great ride for their kids that will grow with them and last . Awesome !
 My 4 year old loves riding around on this big wheel . He is average to small for his age and he no problems pedaling with the seat in the first position . I love that he can grow into it and get years of use out of it . The flag on the back makes me feel better b/c now he is more visible to cars in the neighborhood . Easy assembly and seems pretty durable . For the money , if they are going to ride it often , it is worth it . We 've only had it for a month , and have n't had problems with the wheels splitting or cracking .
 My 4yo 's favorite Christmas present , and he spent all of the day Christmas afternoon on it . We have only had it a couple of days so I ca n't comment -LRB- or complain -RRB- about the durability . He loves his `` motorcycle '' -- and with the adjustable seat , he has plenty of room to grow . If you are looking for a tricycle for a 2yo , this one probably is n't it -- it is certainly designed for a slightly older/taller child -- I 'd say that an older 3 up to a 7 year old would enjoy this the most . -LRB- My 9yo watches enviously as his little brother races up and down the driveway ! -RRB- We were looking for the more retro Big Wheel but could not locate one in stock -- this one matched our needs and price point , and we are thrilled with the product . -LRB- It does not have the `` brake '' I remember from the `` good old days '' , but I understand the new version of the Big Wheel does n't have that , either . -RRB-
 The toy is better then others of this type I have seen . I ca n't help comparing the same bike I got for my kids when they were little and this one I got for my Grandson . Why ca n't you make them bigger like they used to be ? Again , the quality is much better then most .
 My son has one of these his dad baught one for him over a year ago . He was to small then but now it 's perfect I forgot about the fun on these thing . lol . He is 3 yrs old he speeds this thing up and spins out doing 360 all the time . He loves to chase others on bikes and syke them out that he is gon na thit them and then bust a 360 at the last second . Big wheels are worth the money and they dont cost that much at all ... Get one of these bad boys your kids will spend hours on them and hang with their little buddies
 I purchased two different ` big wheels ' ; this one and a second brand . Within a month , the tread on the other bike wore out . The Radio Flyer bike still has its tread , even after a year . I recommend this item because the tread it an important consideration in the bike 's safety ; without tread , your child can not stop safely . I also appreciate that the flag height makes it easier for others to see my child on the bike . Enjoy !
 I bought this for my extra special son as he was not doing well on a bike . He was comfortable on his tricycle but much too big for it . This is a sporty , very nice looking toy . He can go fast and I do not have to worry about him falling off . It has been so nice to go to the bike trail at the park and actually get to walk and run with him riding along with me . The weight limit is listed at 65lbs . and he is 60lbs . It holds him very well . I have even taken the seat off and played `` scooter '' with it . It had no problem supporting my adult weight . The flag is a great feature that I really love . It makes riding so much safer . The only reason I am not giving this a 5 star , is after about 5 minutes of riding my son keeps saying the seat is hurting his back . We take it off and put it back on several times while riding . Without it on , he is overextending his knees when peddling since he can not reach the peddles properly . Overall it is a great toy . My son absolutely loves it .
 I bought this toy yesterday and I have been flying it continuously since then . Its a great toy , it took me some time to get the hang of it though . Which makes it even the more interesting . The only problem that I can see with this toy is that if you break the tail rotors -LRB- it comes with two of them -RRB- then I think it becomes pretty much useless . I have n't found a place to buy spare tail rotors yet . If you could buy spare tail rotors , then this toy will provide you months and months of entertainment . Having said that , the rest of the toy is pretty resilient to multiple crashes .
 The Havoc R/C is a very good beginner heli . While not `` indestructable '' it is very durable . I do think that MOST 8 yr olds can fly it and maybe some 5 yo kid that has an Xbox or PS3 could do it . One thing that you have to do is trim every time you power up . As the heli loses charge , you probably will have to adjust it again . It is all about lift and prop wash . I recommend that you trim at least 12 '' off the floor . Prop wash on the ground is about 3 times what it is 12 '' off the ground . The heli will naturally rotate CW -LRB- left to right -RRB- due to torque of the rotors on the body of the aircraft . -LRB- See Leonardo Da Vinci for reference -RRB- The tail rotor spins in the opposite direction -LRB- that is why it is on the right side of the boom . -RRB- This is very similar to a real helicopter with no counter-rotation main rotors . When you take off , apply slight right rudder . When in suspension also apply slight right rudder for anti-cw rotation.Practice on a lawn or soft surface . BTW , this thing wo n't fly in most outdoor environments . The SMALLEST of winds will blow this thing 100 feet in the air . I had it happen to me!Oh , I bought this same chopper for $ 25 at another place ... . I have no idea why it is so much here .
 I just opened this and after some tape on the nose it flies great and is very easy to control . I have several gas powered stunt 3d choppers and a batt stunt and those require a degree to fly and were well over 500 dollars each so for so much fun for so little price everyone should have one just for the sake of showing it off .
 I bought this toy a few months ago and it still works like a charm . It fell in water and it still works . I showed this to my friend and thought it was the coolest thing , I would recommend this to anyone who wants a fun and durable helicopter .
 I have had my Heli for a couple of weeks now . I can say from my flight experiences-this helicopter can take a beating . I would not recommend this item for small children . This is a very delicate machine and it is easily breakable . I have already broken off the styrafoam landing gear . But this is my first remote control helicopter . If you do buy this product -LRB- which I 'm not discouraging -RRB- keep in mind that this is very fragile and is easy to break . Just remember to control it VERY CAREFULLY !
 I have owned two of these and currently have one now for my kid who is only 3 years old . It is a great learning tool , I think , to teach kids hand/eye coordination especially for those kids younger than five and it will definitely hold their attention . The problems I have with these helicopters are 1 . They are not very durable and after a couple of months of taking beatings against the ceilings and walls they will tear up . 2 . The tails and propellers are pretty flimsy in fact the tail covering is only made of paper and will tear easily but will last longer if you reinforce it with tape . 3 . The charge doesnt last very long so you will only be able to fly it 5 to 10 minutes before having to recharge it . I purchased mine for less than $ 35.00 at very common stores that I am sure most of us are familiar with . The toys are great ; but I would not pay over 40 bucks for one .
 My boy 's love these . I ordered two and gave them as part of their birthday . O ' by the way ... they are 55 -LRB- my husband -RRB- and 30 -LRB- my son-in-law -RRB- .
 I am surprised that Disney did not make this monopoly edition a little more attractive to the eyes . Especially when compared to other Disney editions . This edition is designed for Mickey fans and collectors and will not necessarily appeal to all Disney fans . Also no special rules are included in this version . This is what you will find in this edition : BOARD
 My favorite thing about his edition is the design which is all retro . The board and box have a stressed , aged look to them and classic Mickey is everywhere on this game . It looks great , but it could have been better . First off why in just about every version of Monopoly are the `` Go '' , `` Jail '' , `` Free Parking '' and `` Go To Jail '' corner spaces always the same ? These should have been themed to better fit in with the rest of the design . Also the property cards have no themeing on them at all except for a Mickey face on their backs . One more thing , the houses and hotels are just the same as in classic Monopoly . Why bother theming the game if you 're not going to theme it all ? That said , the cards and money came out looking terrific as do the pewter pieces.Gameplay is exactly like regular Monopoly so the real reason to buy this edition is for the theming . Unfortunately although what was done looks great , there is much room for improvement . Here 's hoping the 80th anniversary edition of Mickey Mouse sees an even better version of this great game .
 To celebrate Mickey Mouse 's 75th anniversary , this edition of monopoly was released . While it has no special rules , any Disney fan will love it.The properties are replaced by Mickey Mouse shorts . They cover the entire range of his career from `` Steamboat Willie '' -LRB- in the Boardwalk space -RRB- and `` Fantasia '' -LRB- Park Place -RRB- to the latest short , `` Runaway Brain . '' I was a little surprised that the monopoly of recent cartoons did n't include `` Mickey 's Christmas Carol . '' Instead , the third is `` The Simple Things , '' his last short before his long break . The cards are black and white Mickey and color Mickey , the railroads are the various Disney TV shows , and the utilities are now Mickey Avenue and Walt Disney Studio . My favorite of the changes is Income Tax , which is now Magic Broom Flood Damage . Still do n't love landing there , of course . Each denomination of money represents a point in Mickey 's career as well , again covering the full range . While houses and hotels are called Movie Reels and Vaults , they still look like houses and hotels . The six figures are very fun . Classic Disney characters are represented , Mickey , Minnie , Donald , Daisy , Goofy , and Pluto.This set is guaranteed to make any Disney fan break out in huge smiles . It 's especially fun to play while watching some of the Disney Treasures DVD releases .
 THIS ITEM WAS NOT AVAILABLE IN ANY OF MY LOCAL STORES . I WAS THRILLED TO FIND IT ONLINE . SERVICE WAS EXCELLENT !
 My daughter is collecting Monopoly games and she loved this one for her Christmas present.It arrived before Christmas and there was no damage .
 I bought several Monopoly games as investments because I saw the values of some of the games . The games are all sealed in the original packaging , so I ca n't attest to any of the attributes that are in the star ratings . I just gave them five stars so the review could be published . I only bought games with themes I like personally .
 Bought this gift as a birthday present for my monopoly-loving mother . She loved the game and immediately upon receiving it wanted to play .
 i bought this game for my son and another friend also both have greatly enjoyed playing and it is a fun variation of the regular monopoly i personally think you will enjoy it vicki
 We got this for my dad for his 75th birthday , because of the 75th anniversary , and because he 's always loved Mickey . It 's a fun gift , nice retro touch , and still a quality game . Thumbs up !
 Wonderful toy for anyone with a creative mind . My son loves to build and rebuild anything . This is great because it also has a motor .
 Good for children but some parts are very hard to connect . Child ca n't apply enough force to join some parts .
 My kindergartener received this toy for Christmas . He was excited about the idea of building a robot and he had the pieces out of the box before the end of the day . The instructions are not too difficult to follow . There are large pictures . My son was able to put it together mostly on his own . Just watch out for which for how the pieces are oriented . My son got several on in the right place but turned slightly around in the wrong directions . He took about an hour to put it together with some help here and there . He felt very accomplished when he finished . Overall it is a fun toy that moves in a fun silly way .
 The kiddo opened this ... and was building a `` robot '' with her dad within minutes . It was a lot of fun ... and a great way for us to work on counting , adding , and patterns with her . She loves that she 's making something ... that then plays , too ! It 's a great concept that works . We 're very happy with this product .
 FYI - You CAN get a replacement remote/motor for this set . It is the same motor that is used in the Lights & Action Building Set.You can purchase this motor on the Learning Resources website . Click on the yellow `` Parents '' tab , then `` Shop by Category , '' then `` Replacement Parts . '' It is the Lights & Action Building Set Replacement Motor . The cost of the Motor is $ 3.99 and the shipping is $ 6.95 plus any applicable tax . I have provided the link below . -LRB- ... -RRB-
 This was a great buy for my 7 year old son ! He loves it and loves to build with these . He has made several different things with it and every time he is very proud of what he has made . I am so glad to find him toys like this to stimulate his creative mind . Hours of fun for him and we parents like them too !
 A great way for kids to use their imagination and building skills to set up a unique remote control toy!It ; s funny and fun to put together !
 This is a great toy . My 6 year old son loves it ! He can do it by himself with a little help every once in a while to take apart pieces . I had to return the first set I got because one of the wheels kept falling off , and even though we could push the toy and the gears would move , the motorized remote could n't move any of the completed wigglers . We figured out that the white prong on one of the axel gears was too short and caused the wheel to fall off , and also caused any gear on that side of the wigglers not to move.We requested a replacement set , which Amazon sent incredibly fast . Once we received the replacement set , everything worked great and we could move all the completed wigglers . The only other thing that caused the wigglers not to move with the motorized romote was that my son accidentally used one of the dark blue gears with a round attachment hole instead of the square one that is supposed to go on the motorized remote prong , but now we know to avoid that problem . Overall a great product , however , it is a pain to have to re-pack and return the defective first set .
 The battery powered motor on this set lasted only a couple of weeks . I bought it because the motor on an older set had gone bad and now that the new motor wo n't work as well , I am done buying ` Gears ' .
 This toy was purchased as a gift for my newphew and he loves it !! It Is fun to put together an even better once it 's built . Major hit this year with this gift !!
 My 7 yr old daughter enjoys playing with her wacky wiggler . I had to help her at the beginning to see how to put the parts together . But now she 's got the hang of it and can follow the directions , finding the right pieces and putting them together . We discovered that the blue gears have a round or a square hole in the middle and the square holed ones are the ones to put on the motor . This toy is great for learning how gears work and how to follow directions . The finished results are great for showing off to friends during playdates .
 This has got to be freshest toy idea in ages ! Great learning tool as well ! I 'm 54 and I have a ball playing with thing !
 Our 5 year old wanted a `` robot '' for Christmas , luckily we 'd picked this toy set out . He quickly figured out how to attach things , made a quick robot/truck/thing . The slinkies and flashers are fun . Following the instructions to make a complex model was a little harder -LRB- for mommy -RRB- . You should know the motor only makes it go back and in reverse , no turning . The cats are relieved.When an axle piece broke , the manufacturer 's customer service was friendly and agreeable about sending a replacement .
 I gave this to my 6 year old Grandson for Christmas and he absolutely loves it . It took him a while to get into it , but then you could see his imagintion taking over , it was a good decision to buy it for him .
 My son -LRB- 4y -RRB- and I have fun playing with these together . He gets to learn about how machines move and gets the satisfaction of making his own `` robot army '' .
 This toy can be played with over and over and not get boring . Some of the pieces are hard to snap together or pull apart . But my 6 year old can build things by himself and enjoys playing with this toy .
 We bought this for Christmas for our grandson who is 6 1/2 years old . He had wanted a Lego Robot but is not old enough for that . He and his father made the Wacky Wiggler featured on the cover and he loved it - even tho one of the joints for the head kept coming off . He would keep fixing it . Then he made a dog by himself and ran it all over the house for days . Would definetly recommend this for a child interested in building and motors .
 Santa brought this for our four and a half year old son for Christmas . Our son is always `` inventing '' something so we thought he would love this and he does ! It is easy to work with and seems pretty durable . Thank you Santa !
 Purchased for my 5 yr old Grandson for Christmas . He and his father assembled and had a great time . It walked off the counter a couple of times but with a few reassembled connections , it kept on rolling .
 I bought this item for my grandchildren . They were so excited when they saw it . There are lots of parts like eyeballs and slinkys that they can attach to their creation . The product is very colorful and lends itself to creative play . It is not a toy that they are finished with in five minutes and set aside .
 ... even more so than his first two-wheel bike.Here it is January 25th , and the `` Robot '' -LRB- Wacky Wigglers -RRB- is still getting pulled out almost every day . Both my 3 year ols and my 1 year old love it , and the older boy is single-handedly building some pretty impressive contraptions . My only potential complaint will be the cost of replacing all of the button-batteries in the various flashing elements once they start going dead . They make the whirling , chomping rolling -LRB- and flashing -RRB- contraptions that much more impressive , but for some reason , need to be turned off by an adult -LRB- funny , since they need no such grown-up help to turn on -RRB- . I 'd recommend this as a toy for 4-8 years with two big thumbs-up . It 's sort of like an erector set without the need for nuts , bolts , screws or tools . Everything just snaps together . Add eyes , floppy ears and alien hands and it all adds up to a wonderful outlet for young imaginations , and a great training tool for physical principles . -LRB- I 'm actually here on Amazon sourcing an expension set now . -RRB-
 My children recieved this toy for Christmas . We have had fun putting it together and it is hours of entertainment . This toy is great for kids 5 and older . That is because the pieces have a tendency to come apart easily . The motor allows you to move the parts forward and backward . I also liked that the book came with different designs to build .
 We bought this toy for our 4 year old son for his birthday . He wanted a `` robot '' -- so we thought this might fit the bill . He struggles with putting it together with all the pieces that are included , but is quite capable at building a basic structure . We 've found that the more elaborate structures does n't always work as designed , and invaribly it falls apart quite easily . BUT , I foresee our son growing with this toy -- learning how to use more and more pieces , and creating more complicated designs . Overall , it 's pretty neat and fun to play with .
 My son got this at age 7 . LOTS of fun ! My 22yr old had a blast with it too . Smaller kids will need help building the different figures , but it 's a great shared experience . Comes with instructions to make a few , but make up your own also . This set comes with some glow in the dark and light up pieces , which adds more fun when the lights go out .
 This was the first gears set we purchased , and now we have added four more . They are so much fun . We purchased this set for my son when he was five , and he 's a pretty experienced builder -LRB- lots of Legos -RRB- , and he loved it ! He opened it for Christmas last year , and MY parents loved it , too . It 's very unique in that it has glow in the dark pieces , slinky pieces , rotating gears , etc. . He 's been playing with it for over a year now , and it 's still one he goes to frequently . My three-year old is really getting into them now , as well.Also , to the reviewer who got the motor that did n't work , I hope you contacted Learning Resources . They 're very good about replacing parts.All in all , a fun , educational toy that 's very versatile - not one of those toys that 's limited to a few play-sessions , and the child is bored . All the gears sets are compatible , too !
 This toy stole the show at Christmas . Our son , who will be 6 in two months , played with it non-stop . We helped build the model pictured , but after that he understood how the gears worked and built anything and everything he could think of ! We did initially have some problems with the gears sticking and being loose especially on building the model pictured , but our son worked out the kinks ! We highly recommend this toy to the child who likes to build and create .
 If you were lucky enough to have a set of blocks as a kid you know how much fun they were . If you did n't , it 's time you learned.These are carefully made wooden blocks with no paint , varnish or shellac to worry about . They come in assorted sizes and shapes and there are plenty of each to work with . The larger ones are surprisingly heavy though not too heavy for a 2 to 3 year old to handle . They do n't plug in or need batteries . They do n't do anything on their own . They are powered by curiosity and imagination . Long after the electronic stuff has lost its charm , these blocks stay fresh.This particular set does not come with a box of it 's own . I put them in an office supply file box and they did just fine as far as the little guy was concerned . The company that makes them has other assortments that come with boxes or wagons to hold the blocks . You might want to consider that.Whatever you choose to buy , you wo n't be disppointed . This is a truly quality toy .
 Sir Jayko is very cool , there are now 2 nobs on his back in which you can lift his sword or his sheild , new armor , sword and sheild are awesome . Buy it
 My 6 year old son really enjoys playing with his knights.He is doing a pretty good job getting them together himself.He will play with them quietly for quite dome time .
 Sir Jayko of the Hawk strikes again with his new move
 Sir Jayko Hits Again Back In Stores With New Fast Armor!Jayko Hits Lord Vladek 's Secret Mask Of Doom -LRB- Vladmask -RRB- ,1,2,3 And ... Poof ! Dead I Tell Ya.Jayko Wins Again , Sir Jayko !
 Jayko 's Sliverish Armor Is Like A 5000 Thumb 's Up!I Wrote About Jayko Because He 's Always The Hero ! , He 's Friends With Sir Santis , And He Does Things HisOwn Way!I Like Red Color Most But I Like Jayko TheMost!Sir Jayko !
 Tonka Town Construction Site just did not work out . We set it up under the Christmas tree as a toy our 4 yr . old could play with when he got up . And he did . And he had fun with it until we started opening presents . When he opened his Bob the Builder Lego Freight Train he lost any interest in the Tonka Town Construction Site.The Tonka Town Construction Site has no educational value . There is no opportunity for children to use their imaginations or gain dexterity . It is an expensive toy which is interesting for a moment but winds up on the toy shelf the next day , not to be used much , if at all.And it is bear for parents . Just getting everything out of the box took me a half hour and almost an hour more to assemble . Hasbro tied the truck down so that it was very difficult to unpackage . Hasbro is notorious for making it difficult to unpackage toys . Perhaps Hasbro is fearful of damage to the toys either through shipping or children playing with them in the store but other manufacturers do not go to the same lengths . It took me less than a minute to remove a backhoe from a Bruder box shipped from Germany , two minutes to extract a Matchbox big aerial ladder truck from China.But getting the parts out of the box was just the first chore . The instructions say that it is to be assembled by adults . Well that adult must have strong arms and hands to fit the parts together . I am a mechanical genius , a mechanical engineer with a PH.D. and a skilled mechanic . I have been utting things together and taking them apart for over 60 years . But putting together the Construction Site was a real challenge . The instructions are so poor that it becomes more trial and error . Pieces do not snap together easily and great pressure is required . Worst of all , when they are snapped together they constantly fall apart.Then I found out that batteries were not included , seven AA in all . Installing the batteries was another problem . The instructions say that a Phillips head screwdriver is required . What they do n't say is that the screwdriver required in an almost miniature screwdriver which most people do not have and can only be bought at a hardware store . You ca n't run to your nearest supermarket or drugstore on Christmas Eve or Day to buy one . Fortunately , I have over 2,000 tools and I had the right size screw driver . But the screws are so small one can not use a power screwdriver and taking the screws out and putting them back in is a tedious process . Why a toy manufacturer uses screws for the battery compartment is beyond meWhile the instructions were clear as to how to replace batteries in the truck , nothing was said about the garage and trying to find where the batteries went in the garage was quite puzzling . I finally found a screw on the back that held a flap down but it was not obvious.I have not had good experience with Hasbro toys and this one was a nightmare .
 My son loves anything Tonka , and was crazy over this playset . It is a neat idea and the truck and garage are very cool . They talk to each other and are durable . However the pieces that snap together into the `` boulder loader '' area fall apart ALL THE TIME . It will not stay together , no matter how gentle you are . He just plays with the truck and garage , but all the rest are trash . Too expensive to be this cheaply made !
 My 3 year old got this toy for christmas , and it is a big hit . She loves moving the boulders up the elevator , down the chute , and into the truck . The talking garage is a big hit as well . I am sure that lots of little toys will be transported across the playroom using the dump truck as it is great for creative play . -LRB- Snap-together pieces make contruction of the town a snap ! -RRB-
 This toy doesnt really stay together . I have been constantly reassembling it . another reviewer was correct that you need a tiny screwdriver to put in the batteries and requires almost a whole package of AA 's . You need to use this on a table or for some reason the truck doesnt go back into the garage properly and cant get out either . Also , my 4 yr old had a tendency to move the truck even though it moves my itself and to hold down the garage door when it closes by itself so maybe it needs to be for children a little older . You also need a pretty open space to use it or the truck will drive itself off the table or keep bumping into you . I think my son would have more fun playing with it if he could move the truck himself , because i have to keep telling him to stop touching it because it moves by itself -LRB- what fun is it just to watch ?? -RRB-
 I have the Tonka Town Police Station and have had similar problems with the pieces coming apart . The trucks that go with the set are big favorites -LRB- they all have faces on them -RRB- in my home , however . Buy the trucks individually and use them with some other type of construction or garage playset that is more durable .
 This is the smartest toy on the market . My 4 year old son and 18 month old daughter giggle as they watch Chuck the Truck navigate around our living room and I am marveled when Gary the Garage says `` peek a boo I ca n't see you '' the cue for Chuck the Truck to find his way home . Chuck turns , backs up and turns some more as he seeks his way back into the garage . The hands on contruction site is easy for partents to assemble and if your little one happens to knock it down -LRB- time and time again , like mine does -RRB- it never breaks . After 2 1/2 months of constant use , I must say that Chuck is in need of repair - his back wheel does n't move and therefore he does n't turn very well . I 'm purchasing a second truck as I 'm willing to take the chance that I just may have had some bad luck with my first truck , and hopefully the second will last much longer .
 Not a bad toy for a kid who loves Star Wars . It does n't seem too exciting to me but my 7 year likes it . He has many other Star Wars figures and battle packs so this was a good addition to his collection . He does n't use the support stand - he just plays with it as is . If you did n't have other SW toys , I 'm not sure if it would be that fun . It is sturdy and well made , however .
 I could not be happier with this toy . My daughter is 2 and recently joined our family from an orphanage in Russia . The staff at her orphanage did the best they could with very little and the net result was neglect for my daughter until she came home to us . She did not play with toys at the beginning . She picked at the frayed carpet . It was incredibly sad to see a baby hope to amuse herself with frayed carpet because she had never had the benefit of a family 's love and attention This 4 in 1 Ride On was the first real ` toy ' that she became attached to . She loves the music from the steering wheel and she was able to master straddling the car and race it about the house . Now she zooms around and shrieks with delight as we chase her and applaud her efforts . You ca n't imagine our relief to see her breaking free from her early life of neglect . This toy is fun , accessible , stable , and tough . I highly recommend it .
 This is a well-rounded vehicle . It lasts a long time and goes through many of your babies stages.What I like best , compared to some other models , is the side bars and the seat belt . Baby ca n't fall out -LRB- within reason -RRB- and for when the baby is young and not always big enough to fit sitting on it , it gives extra protection for sliding.This seams a lot safer than another brand I had with my older son . You still need to watch your baby though , it will sometimes tip when being pushed and climbed on -- use your brain !!
 I have read all bad reviews before buying this toy . But I got it like 50 dollars so it was a really good deal.My baby was 7 months old , i just pushed him around in our appartement building to check the mailbox or in court yards . You do n't need to take always the stroller to go outside.It is true that baby controls the direction , it was annoying in the beginning . You can not go where you want to go . But after i just press on the back wheels to make the front wheels a little bit up , it works well and it does n't bother me . And it is lots of fun for the baby ... The sound is really great ... It will be great if we can have a way to block the front wheels when we want and get longer handle.And i do n't think it is a good walker , it is not enough heavy and stable . So I bought another walker for my son . ------- Updated on July 2011My son is 2 year old now , i have to raise the rating for this toy . It is so durable . It made all the steps for a baby boy , to push , to walk , to ride ... Until now , he has already a tricycle , but he still loves to ride this one with his feet every day . Great value !
 I am writing this review because my 3 and 5 yr olds are riding and enjoying this ride-on right right now ! I have gotten rid of most of their babyish stuff but I doubt I 'll ever sell this ride-on because of how much our boys , their friends , and young visitors enjoy it . The music on this is very cute and very much enjoyed . The push bar works well and the seat compartment is well-liked . I like this ride-on so much I plan to buy one for my sister 's twins soon .
 I agree with the other two people about the steering issues . There does need to be some way to lock the steering wheel when the car is being pushed from behind . I purchased this for my 10 month old grandson and he LOVES it . We push him in it all the time and it has never tipped over . I would n't go for long walks with it but we do laps around the pool , walk to the mailbox , and around the house . He loves the `` electronics '' that he can control himself . The whole neighborhood laughs when we walk to the mailbox and he 's blowing his little horn ! I think this is a great toy for what I have just described and I 'm sure when he can walk and push it himself it will be even better . If you want something to push a child/baby in for long walks , then take your stroller or a wagon . I 'm happy I bought it for him and would purchase it again .
 it is an excellent toy full of fun to my one year old niece.The product arrived within stipulated timeexcellent transaction
 We got this as a present for our 1 year old son . He loves this thing and rides on it almost every day . He 's also learning the function of each button and have a blast being his own DJ while riding . I agree with some of the reviews here that the activity module comes out too easily . Once the child learns that it can pop out , he/she would certainly keep taking it out . I solved that by putting some tennis racket wrapping tape inside the `` well '' before putting the module back in . That makes it harder for little hands to dislodge . Chicco should have engineered a retaining clip for it for removal . The other common complaint is the push handle . We too find this a bit feeble . However , so far it seems to hold up to normal -LRB- non-aggressive -RRB- pushing . The rods flex a bit but I think they 're stronger than they feel . I also agree with the steering issue . But since we use ours on hard floors , it 's not as much an issue , although it 's almost impossible to steer on carpeting . Ours did not come with the safety harness which is a bummer but the safety bars/armrest does a fine job . The storage area under the seat is completely useless except for maybe storing the footrests -LRB- if they fit , we have n't tried -RRB- . Our son generally dozes off after a few laps on this toy so it 's been very useful for his nap time . Overall , I think the engineering of this toy is excellent , far , far better than most Fisher Price garbage . The colorful large `` screws '' that hold some of the pieces together are a nice touch and not likely to ever strip . The wheels are safely tucked well inside the vehicle body so it 's almost impossible for the child to run over his/her own toes . There are n't any sharp edges that we could find . The built seems very sturdy and durable . Even if we had to pay for this toy , I think we would . It 's worth the price . If it was n't for the tiny quibbles we have , it would easily get 5 stars from us .
 Great sound effects , used velcro to keep the sound section in . Our son pushes it around , hides toys in the seat storage and loves to press those buttons . Overall we enjoy it , if he gets tired of pushing , he goes for a ride.Could steer better and be weighted better .
 Overall the toy is made very well . My 11 month old loves to ride on it . The rocker attachments are n't very useful ; they do n't rock enough for the baby to enjoy it . The child being able to turn the steering wheel is n't that big of a deal . The toy is capable of tipping , but she 's only fallen out of it once . I think that would happen with any ride on toy though . It does n't come with the seatbelts seen in some of the pictures . I almost did n't buy the toy because of all the negative reviews , but now I 'm glad I did .
 Overall this is a great toy . My 9 month old son loves sitting in it and playing with all the buttons . The rocker portion is ok , not the greatest rocking motion . We 've had to tape the steering wheel portion down because he can easily remove it . Have n't had a chance to take him outside yet in it because the cold , but it appears to be fairly durable .
 Let me first say that I have not used this toy in any other manner than the first use of it ... for the youngest stage of rocking . I have a 7-month-old and he is loving this thing ! We put him in it and he went crazy . He is just able to sit up with assistance , so being able to sit up `` on his own '' with the restraints and side guides is independence for him . He already can move it around , and although it may not rock as much as others have wished , it is enough for his age . He also has a lot of fun playing with the console . He played in this for 20 minutes the first time , which is like 2 hours for his stage of development.I might have to modify my rating after we graduate on to the other stages of use , but for now , this is worth the $ -LSB- ... -RSB- my mom paid at Costco ... just in that it 's another fun toy to occupy him other than his saucer and the door jumper.I think that if you are looking for a push car/toy for your child who is over the age of 12 months that you would use more like a stroller , you would probably want to select a different product -LRB- Little Tikes is good -RRB- . However , I think that this is a good one for when they are little and then able to scoot themselves along .
 We bought this toy for our daughter 's first birthday.She absolutely loves it ! We take her for a walk every day in it . She loves to push it around the house , she laughs as she walks . The controls keep her entertrined for a long time ! I recommend this car !!
 I feel conflicted on how to rate the Chicco Four-in-One -LRB- Il Quattro , as it is known in Italy -RRB- ride-on toy . To explain , it has been a life saver in keeping my very physically advanced -LRB- and curious -RRB- high needs son happy and safely exploring from the time he could sit upright unassisted -LRB- four months -RRB- until he has taken his first steps -LRB- 7.75 months -RRB- . However , once he was a full pre-walker at 8 months -LRB- could take his first steps -RRB- but not a confident walker , the Quattro was , frankly , dangerous as it is so tippy with the sidebars on , and even when I was beside him , he found a way to sort of stand and suddenly throw himself sideways onto the sidebars and tip out onto the floor . If you have carpeting that might be okay , but I have tile in the kitchen , so it was very unnerving and he cried.As background , my son is 99th percentile for height and weight , and has always been `` double-sized '' as I call him , ie . at seven months , he was the size of a 50 percentile 15 month old -LRB- 31 '' , 22 pounds -RRB- . Also , as a high needs baby , he is very driven to explore his environment which is why the Quattro really helped us out before he turned into a super-strong `` Bam Bam '' as we laughingly call him . At the point of 8 months exactly , I would estimate that we use this toy for a total of 1.5 hours every day , way more than we were able to use the Fisher Price Jumperoo at this point
 My grandson loves this toy . Geat productThe only reason i gave it 4 stars is the handel for pushing child seams weak although it has not broken dont think it would last beyond the house.Might not be desighned for anywere but house.satisfied with purchase.Would recomend to friend
 Both our boys absolutely love this toy . It has had use for four years and is in great shape . The side bars and rocking console come off and you can attach a parent bar that comes with it for guided strolls with foot rests or with out . So it is extremely versatile.When our boys were little babies learning to sit , it was a nice rocker , and a fun spot for the baby to watch the older child play . They love the music and noises and zoom all over the house in it at least once a day . Both the 2 year old and the four year old love this.We got the electronics wet , and ordered a new electronics console . I think it is great that this piece can be easily -LRB- and inexpensively -RRB- replaced.If you could only buy one ride on toy this would be a good choice . It is durable and multifunctional , and will grow with you r child . It rocks , it can be used to push off on and strengthen the legs , and it has a nice smooth and quick ride to it . It is easy to steer and stop , goes fine on gravel or pavement , or hardwood floors without marking them .
 I read several of the reviews that it was n't that interesting or child was n't interested . We purchased this toy when our was past needing the rocker . Having used that part with my son , admittedly it only rocks an inch or two and he was n't impressed . However , this toy is a must have at our house . My daughter played with it almost daily from about a year old to now almost 3 . I had to talk her out of it to pass it along to her younger brother . The other children who come to our house love it too , arguing over who gets to ride it first or wanting to push someone else in it . We take it to a preschool play time at a skating rink . It is never left just sitting , all the children want to ride it.The stages are great . I did start with the foot rests on and the handle for pushing . Yes , it is hard to steer , since the child does the steering and if you are using the handle it is quite a bend for you . I prefer to use it without the handle for young children , then its not such a stretch for steering . I imagine if I were outside on a sidewalk I would want the handle ; it is used mostly inside . I then kept the arm guards on the sides on for a while to assist with not falling off . Finally to everything off and just rolling . She has days and hours of fun on this . It is sturdy and has put up with lots of abuse . Now the 2 kids try to ride it together.What would I change ? The little ignition box on the steering wheel comes out easily . I wish it had a way to secure it so that parents could get in to change the batteries and children could not pull it out.I lost a part and had to order a replacement screw from Chicco . They were very easy to deal with and reasonably priced . Assembly was easy too ; I did it by myself without hubby . This is one toy that is invaluable at our house ; I would purchase it again .
 It 's true , this toy is not ideal as a ride on push toy using the long handle hence I have never used it that way.And It 's light so it tips over easily.And ... I could go on ... BUT my 16 mo old boys love it and have loved it for months . And it is really the only toy they always seem to both want at the same time . I would buy another except it is priced too high in my opinion.Here 's why they love it : They press the ` tunes ' button and dance along . Very cute.The other buttons make really cool noises -LRB- beeping horn , sound of an engine -RRB- They push it around and around and around and it is the only push toy they have used consistently even though we have two othersThey push each other around on itThey climb on it -LRB- have to be careful with this one as it tips easily so I only allow this on carpeted areas -RRB- It makes the transition from wood floor to carpet to tile very smoothlyThe seat opens up so they can stash shapes and balls in there . And take them out . And put them in again ... and againHere 's why I love it : It gives my kids daily enjoyment when almost all other toys have long since been discardedThe batteries are still going strong after months of playThe songs it plays are bearable to my very sensitive earsLike all toys it really depends on the child as to whether they will enjoy it . In my case they both love it . Yay !
 I purchased this car for my son when he was about 11 months old and we 've loved it ever since . It 's a great ride-on toy -LRB- we used it for a while with the parent handle but not the other modes -RRB- . It does tip , but it was never an issue for us - toddlers quickly learn not to push it over by leaning against the seat when standing beside it . The kids loved pushing it from behind when they were learning to walk and were very entertained with the sounds and music.They still play it with nearly every day even though they 're 3 and 5 and outgrowing it . They still love the sounds and music and the ability to store things under the seat -LRB- and they 'll even tuck a soft animal or doll behind the seat and take it for a ride -RRB- . It steers very well - they frequently take turns pushing each other around the house on it.The only real issue we 've had with it is that they 've sometimes run over their bare feet while riding since the back wheel sticks out further than the rest of the car to give it more stability.Definitely money well spent.Update 4/17/12
 Santa is driving the trolley on this accurate model of the short-wheelbase trolleys that were used in hundreds of North American cities and towns over 100 years ago . This car is certain to get attention outdoors , as well as indoors - it 's over 15 '' long and nearly 7 '' tall . This car is `` Large Scale , '' which means that it needs 45mm track -LRB- the kind that LGB trains run on -RRB- to go . This car is a great `` add-on '' to any Large Scale starter set , such as the Aristo-Craft Christmas Train # 28025 . If you do n't already have some Large Scale track , you 'll have to buy some track and a power supply to give this trolley something to run on . Note
 My 4 year old son received this for his birthday and woke me up at 5:30 AM the next day because he could n't wait to play with it . It is great if your child likes tools and is mechanically inclined -- my son figured this toy out before I did!It has provided hours of entertainment and is reasonably well made . I highly recommend it !
 I bought this for my 5 year old son this Christmas . He has been playing with it for hours and he really enjoys it . I think it 's well-designed and will keep a child occupied for a long time . Highly recommended !
 I purchased this for my 4 yr old car & truck enthusiast because of the good reviews I read & a great sale price . He loves it ! What a neat idea in design , perfect for creativity based on a love for trucks & construction . The different cable combinations are great for independent thinking . It kept his busy fingers out of trouble all morning -LRB- well almost -RRB- & we played with it on his bed right before nap time . Batteries included , how nice . Fast shipping from Amazon.com & a nice surprise for my son to find a package for him on the door step .
 My boys each got one of these as a gift . My 4 year old figured it out right away , while my 2 1/2 year old needed a little help to get started . My boys love trucks and tools , and this combines both . They have played with it everyday since they got it . I do n't worry about them breaking it because it is quite durable . It is also an easy toy to take to the grandparents house becuase it is full of things to do . The tools fit inside the truck , but not the power cords . That is my only complaint . The overall design is great . I would highly recommend this toy .
 My 4 year old loves this toy . Lots of different parts with endless combinations . Really encourages creativity ! Excellent toy .
 My son loves these Lego action figure type toys . I got these and He 's still playing with them years later .
 My son loved it . It is durable , and it looks even better than the picture . If your son is interested in lego figures , these are the ones to get . They came out a while ago for sell , but until now we bought them , and I think we will continue looking for more knights to complete the collection . Fun fun !
 NIce feel and have held up well with usage . I do n't know what else to say , I 'm just filling up space because you have to write a minimum amount of words to complete this rating ! LOL !
 It 's not easy to find comfortable underwear , let alone a jock strap , if you 're a big guy or just not built like the models they use to advertise these types of things . Usually a jock is more comfortable for me than anything else , but most of them still are n't `` just right . '' I bought one of these just to try , and WOW best underwear I 've ever owned ! It keeps things where they need to be , does n't bind , pinch , or move around on you , the sizing is perfect , and looks sexy on top of all that -LRB- c'mon guys , we like to look sexy just like the ladies do - do n't deny it ! -RRB- . I loved it so much I came back and more -LRB- eight total -RRB- , and they 're my new daily underwear . Please do n't ever change how you make these , otherwise I may have to go commando ! The price is also unbeatable . I had the same problem some other reviewers gave where after the first two washings I saw a few rubber strands come out , but even if these only last me a year or so I 'm pleased given how inexpensive they are . Since I wear these every day as underwear , I do n't expect them to last forever anyway .
 Color option is nice . Very comfortable . Doesnt constrict like others Ive used . Great if you looking for support and less constriction overall
 Fits like the package sizing says , supports while on my biking and sporting events . I even returned a previous package because I thought I had lost more weight than I really did and they exchanged quickly and without issue . I did n't even have to pay shipping . Great !!
 wear them all the time and these are so comfortable and quite reasonably priced . they arrived on time and they wash and wear wonderfully . thanks .
 This product does just what it 's supposed to.The only downside is that the waist band is sometimes a little rough for extended wear .
 Thank you for sending this product , they are just what the docotor order and they fit very comfortable
 I 've owned a few SafeTGard Adult Athletic Supporter Jockstraps for the past couple of years and this is definitely my favorite compared to other brands . I 'm a big guy , and the XXL fits perfectly . The material is comfortable , and keeps everything in place where it should be . When I receive them new , I always wash it once before I wear them because out of the box they are a bit stiff . After playing football , wrestling , and rugby for over 10 years wearing all different brands of jockstraps , this is the most comfortable jockstrap i 've ever worn .
 These are very comfortable , the fabirc is soft , yet keeps everything where it is supposed to be . Great support ! What more could you ask for in a jock strap ?
 I 'm not very athletic , so I 've never worn one of these before . But I got some surgery done and I have to wear one for a couple weeks . This one looked to be what I needed at a reasonable cost . Like another review stated , there are some loose threads that pop up every time I wash it . Do n't know how long it 'll last , but I do n't plan on wearing it much longer . The material has a very open weave . This can lead to occasional snags . Even after several washings the material is still a little scratchy . The waste band is nice . It does n't roll or bunch up . Overall it does it 's job , I just wish it was a little softer .
 I ` ve purchased several supporters from different stores that said they fit a 42 inch waist that were so tight that the band cut you in half . This brand of supporter fits snug but does n`t cut off your breathing as the others . The only con I have is that they say it ` s preshrunk but I recommend you hand wash it . I washed mine in my washer with my other clothes and it seemed to shrink some.Again I highly recommend this supporter and will order more than one the next time .
 While I ordered these a size larger than normal -LRB- based upon past experience with supporters -RRB- these are true to size . The one I purchased is too large , but I have no one to blame but myself . The material is comfortable , and am ordering one in the correct size . Gave 5 starts because of the quality of the material , sewing , and price .
 The supporter wears and fits well . but when i wash it the threading seems to be breaking down . Not sure how else to explain the thread and strings of thread hanging off of the item .
 Been wearing SafeTGard instead of briefs since some 8 years ago and would n't wear other jock , or briefs for that matter ! They fit perfectly , they 're cool , specially here in the tropics ...
 My 4-year old played with Marvin 's Magic Hat while on vacation . It held his attention for hours . It is an adorable toy .
 We bought this set over 2 years ago for my now 5 year old son . I would n't really say this is a toy for 3 year olds , but he was interested in magic early , and was able to master a few of the tricks pretty well . I just left a few of the other tricks out of the box until he was older . He still enjoys playing with it , and puts on great magic shows for us ! My 3 year old daughter even loves to try the simpler tricks as well . I 'm getting this same set for my almost 6 year old niece , because she loves to play with my son 's set during visits . This is a wonderful first magic set , and the fact that it includes a hat and rabbit puppet make it a great deal too . I highly recommend this for the budding magician !
 Great hands on tool for visual and kinesthetic learners . Great scale model . Simple yet very effective and not too expensive . A great addition to a geology unit .
 I used this for a summer school science class . We used it to learn the different layers of the Earth and to practice measuring and using fractions . It is more of an educational tool than a toy but because it looks like a toy the students were drawn to it .
 its awesome and very realistic cuz the armor can actually come off and the visor is a german visor and the decoration on his armor is also realistic -LRB- ive read alot abuot midevil times -RRB-
 its awesome and very realistic cuz the armor it can actually come off and i know what visor he has its a german visor and also the decoration on his armor is also realistic
 My 6 year old son really enjoys playing with his knights.He is doing a pretty good job getting them together himself.He will play with them quietly for quite dome time .
 I had so much fun with this micro helicopter , that I had to have all three . Now my daughter and I along with the neighbor kid fly around the house chasing the cat and running from the dog . Although the flight of this toy is not accurate to full scale helis , with a little practice the toy can be maneuvered to approximately where you want to go .
 Got this a couple of days ago on a whim . What a riot ! Truly amazing . Takes a few flights to get the hang of `` not spinning around '' . Like real choppers , it 's easy to over-control . I AM a real chopper pilot , btw . : -RRB- I have crashed it a couple of dozen times and it still works fine -LRB- unlike real helicopters ! -RRB- There is no fore and aft control , just altitude and yaw -LRB- rotate left/right -RRB- . It just sorta wanders around and I think it 's pretty cool . If I were buying it for a child , I would trim it up first , then let the child give it a shot . Loses trim after each on/off , btw . Also , do n't bother trying a gentle , controlled take-off . Just get it up and flying !
 I purchased this product for my 2 grandsons birthdays . They were delighted . I have never received a purchase as quickly as this one . Thank you .
 I 'm buying toys for public library use , so they have to be durable . I also prefer not made in China as it seems you never know if they 're truly kid-safe and if the finishes are non-toxic . This toy is cute and solid . It does n't have many pieces for the price , but you can tell it will last .
 I gave this to my 2yr . old grandson for Christmas . He absolutely loves it . The truck is made very well ... all wood and crafted excellently . This is something they will have for many years and can pass down to their children .
 I got this for my four year old on sale after christmas . I was a little disappointed when we first played it because I thought she 'd be learning facts about animals . But after playing it a few times we all like it -LRB- even my 1 year old watches the kids and walks from pad to pad -RRB- and its a good game to practice following directions , and that is very important for preschoolers .
 We bought the Hullabaloo DVD Game for my 6 and 3 year old children . They have been playing it everyday for a whole week ! My friend has an older version -LRB- not the DVD -RRB- and they like to play it but sometime ca n't hear it very clear . This one plays the game through your TV and DVD player . It is highly visual , fun and includes many more game options . It will be very good for autistic children to listen to a command and do things -LRB- the visual part will be very helpful -RRB- . I give it a 5 star plus!thanks .
 I bought the original when my kids were 5 and 3 , and it was a good game for them to play together for a change . The DVD game has the same concept , but is more visual ; when the announcer announces the pad , the possibilities show up on the screen . All the pads are animals -LRB- no food , musical instruments , as in the original -RRB- , but there is minimal animal education . Kids might learn which animals are farm animals , which are ocean animals , etc. . I think there is less variation in this game than the original ; after a few days play and repeat games , I can figure out -LRB- but not my kids -RRB- which pad will be the winning one . One of the best features of the original , is that it made my kids listen to the instructions . Listening skills can be replaced by visual cues in the DVD version .
 My 4-year-old received this for Christmas , and just loves it . I think he enjoys the feeling that he 's playing with the other `` kids '' on the dvd , and of course making animal noises is just a bonus :-RRB- I would recommend it for kids who like to move around and love animals , as my little guy does . It also keeps him occupied while I get other things done , yet I 'm welcome to jump in and play along whenever time permits . Not very educational , but lots of fun .
 I have 4 boys -LRB- ages 8 & under -RRB- and they love this game . The game can get loud and you need a good amount of space in front of the tv but that is the fun of it . The only thing I would change about the game is I would like the pads they stand on to be a little bigger -LRB- sometimes 2 kids have to share a space -RRB- . If your kids like active games then this is wonderul .
 We do n't have the original so I ca n't speak to that . This is one of few games that both my 8-year-old and my 4-year-old like . I also like that it 's a little active and gets us up off the couch
 We received this as a gift , and it has been terrific . My son is 4 , and has as much fun playing by himself as he does with other children . -LRB- it also works well even when there are several children of different ages/developmental stages -RRB- A great way to use up extra energy indoors . I highly suggest this game because it keeps his interest , includes movement , and is not dependent on an adult for the kids to have a blast .
 My 5-year-old daughter received this game as a gift for her birthday . She 's been playing it ever since . I love that she can play it alone , or with a group of friends , so it 's great for when I need her to amuse herself , or for a rainy day playdate with friends . She askes for it all the time , and giggles the whole time she 's playing . I would think that a game like this would become repetitive , but she does n't seem to feel that way . My 10-year-old son doesn/t mind joining in when she asks - I 'm not saying I 'd buy this game for someone his age , but rather that older siblings might very well be lured into playing with youngsters . Another great product by Cranium !
 Great for autistic child . Granted , he has memorized the DVD , so he knows which pad to end up on to win . But still entertaining . Does anyone have a suggestion for another DVD game like this ? Wish they would come out with a new version . My 2 year old little girl loves as well ... even though her brother always seems to `` win '' .
 Was n't sure whether to order this or not based on other reviews , since none was specific enough for me to know which ages would enjoy it , but it was a hit with my 2 , 4 and 7 year-old nieces on Christmas Eve and beyond . Any older than that , though , and it might be a bit ` below ' them , agewise.Especially good for kids who like music and dancing , as my nieces do . It was also a hit because they 're used to interacting with on-screen video games -LRB- Playstations and a Wii , for example -RRB- , so the DVD interaction added interest that a regular board game would not.It 's a game all can play together at the younger ages , however , and stay busy with it -LRB- at least 20 minutes by themselves , or until someone argues or gets hurt , or needs mommy , anyway ; - > ! -RRB- A perfectly harmless -LRB- meaning not obscene or rude or violent in any way -- which is nearly extinct these days ! -RRB- , fun , somewhat educational -LRB- helps with coordination and gameplaying , among other things -RRB- experience for the youngsters .
 All parts fit well together . Lots of extras with the drums , tools and weapons . Good detail . and just a joy to build . Gret price too .
 First things first
 We bought the letter E in order to scavenge it for spare parts since one day the N we had bought for our son was mysteriously -LRB- I think the vacuum got it -RRB- missing one of the two pairs of wheels . The E that arrived was dark brown not green like the picture shows , and we went about swapping wheels . Our N is in great shape now , though I wish I could just order a pair of wheels instead of a whole letter , as the E looks cool too and it is a shame to have it be missing its second pair of wheels.In short , these letter-shaped Name Train vehicles are beautiful ; they look great , they feel great , and they roll great . We love'em ! 5 Stars
 We have these mats and we got them second hand after a family of 5 kids . They are very durable and our kids jumped all over them and loved them ! I am getting ready to pass them on to a new family since there is still so much use left in them . Money well spent !
 These letters are great for several reasons . They are built to last - strong enough to be used daily throughout the years . Quiet - no clicking sound like the plastic letters emit . Tactile-friendly , kids want to use them -LRB- as do I -RRB- . The vowels are all yellow for easy retrieval.I am a para-educator and work in multiple classrooms . These are lightweight and easily transportable .
 These letters are the perfect size for little 3 yr old hands . I also prefer this type of magnetic material
 My son gave this to his sister for her 4th birthday , and she LOVES it ! It has been through many , many tea parties since and has held up wonderfully . The only thing is that the pictures are actually stickers and a few of them have fallen off while getting washed .
 I bought this for my little niece for Christmas and she was thrilled ! She went around the room and gave everyone a cup of tea immediately upon opening it . She played with it for nearly an hour and put it away carefully for use the next day . It is a lovely porcelain set and the quality is good .
 Bought this for my goddaughter as a Christmas gift , and she absolutely loved it - it was one of her listed items .
 Item was a christmas present for my niece . It came just fine no damage at all . However , tea set seemed like it had already been opened . It was upside down in its box . It seemed like it was a return item or something . The missing one star is because I was led to believe that I was buying it new when it was not . I can not complain because it was as described and nothing was missing or broken , and my niece loved it .
 I 've owned a few SafeTGard Adult Athletic Supporter Jockstraps for the past couple of years and this is definitely my favorite compared to other brands . I 'm a big guy , and the XXL fits perfectly . The material is comfortable , and keeps everything in place where it should be . When I receive them new , I always wash it once before I wear them because out of the box they are a bit stiff . After playing football , wrestling , and rugby for over 10 years wearing all different brands of jockstraps , this is the most comfortable jockstrap i 've ever worn .
 These are very comfortable , the fabirc is soft , yet keeps everything where it is supposed to be . Great support ! What more could you ask for in a jock strap ?
 I 'm not very athletic , so I 've never worn one of these before . But I got some surgery done and I have to wear one for a couple weeks . This one looked to be what I needed at a reasonable cost . Like another review stated , there are some loose threads that pop up every time I wash it . Do n't know how long it 'll last , but I do n't plan on wearing it much longer . The material has a very open weave . This can lead to occasional snags . Even after several washings the material is still a little scratchy . The waste band is nice . It does n't roll or bunch up . Overall it does it 's job , I just wish it was a little softer .
 I ` ve purchased several supporters from different stores that said they fit a 42 inch waist that were so tight that the band cut you in half . This brand of supporter fits snug but does n`t cut off your breathing as the others . The only con I have is that they say it ` s preshrunk but I recommend you hand wash it . I washed mine in my washer with my other clothes and it seemed to shrink some.Again I highly recommend this supporter and will order more than one the next time .
 While I ordered these a size larger than normal -LRB- based upon past experience with supporters -RRB- these are true to size . The one I purchased is too large , but I have no one to blame but myself . The material is comfortable , and am ordering one in the correct size . Gave 5 starts because of the quality of the material , sewing , and price .
 The supporter wears and fits well . but when i wash it the threading seems to be breaking down . Not sure how else to explain the thread and strings of thread hanging off of the item .
 Been wearing SafeTGard instead of briefs since some 8 years ago and would n't wear other jock , or briefs for that matter ! They fit perfectly , they 're cool , specially here in the tropics ...
 I wear a jock to the gym , and needed some new ones ! I made out like a bandit here ! Everything worked out-size , color and make perfect ! I 'd highly recommend both this jockstrap and Amazon to everyone !
 NIce feel and have held up well with usage . I do n't know what else to say , I 'm just filling up space because you have to write a minimum amount of words to complete this rating ! LOL !
 It 's not easy to find comfortable underwear , let alone a jock strap , if you 're a big guy or just not built like the models they use to advertise these types of things . Usually a jock is more comfortable for me than anything else , but most of them still are n't `` just right . '' I bought one of these just to try , and WOW best underwear I 've ever owned ! It keeps things where they need to be , does n't bind , pinch , or move around on you , the sizing is perfect , and looks sexy on top of all that -LRB- c'mon guys , we like to look sexy just like the ladies do - do n't deny it ! -RRB- . I loved it so much I came back and more -LRB- eight total -RRB- , and they 're my new daily underwear . Please do n't ever change how you make these , otherwise I may have to go commando ! The price is also unbeatable . I had the same problem some other reviewers gave where after the first two washings I saw a few rubber strands come out , but even if these only last me a year or so I 'm pleased given how inexpensive they are . Since I wear these every day as underwear , I do n't expect them to last forever anyway .
 Color option is nice . Very comfortable . Doesnt constrict like others Ive used . Great if you looking for support and less constriction overall
 Fits like the package sizing says , supports while on my biking and sporting events . I even returned a previous package because I thought I had lost more weight than I really did and they exchanged quickly and without issue . I did n't even have to pay shipping . Great !!
 wear them all the time and these are so comfortable and quite reasonably priced . they arrived on time and they wash and wear wonderfully . thanks .
 This product does just what it 's supposed to.The only downside is that the waist band is sometimes a little rough for extended wear .
 Thank you for sending this product , they are just what the docotor order and they fit very comfortable
 My son loves all of the Lego Knights Kingdom figures . They are very easy for a 7 year old to put together on their own , which is great for Lego . They offer hours of fantasy play fun . The one problem is that the shields fall off so easily that they are a constant source of frustration , and ultimately must just be put away . Otherwise these are very fun toys , durable , and great for your knights-loving child .
 The best , coolest , durableist , funest , awesomest , toy ever . easy to build , strong and cool . only problem , sheild falls off -LRB- not that easy though -RRB- , so what i did is i super-glued it . if you super-glue it , it will be so hard to take off . but still you can take it off by puting his hand forword and hold the bottum of his hand and pulling the sheild up . you can put his sheild back on by putting his hand forword and hold it in place and push down the sheild in the slot.anyways it is the best , coolest , durableist , funest , awesomest , toy ever.enjoy : -RRB-
 My 6 year old son really enjoys playing with his knights.He is doing a pretty good job getting them together himself.He will play with them quietly for quite dome time .
 These numbers are perfect for my magnetic chalkboard I built for my grandson . They are full magnets and not just pieces so they stay on very well . I also purchased the upper and lower case letters , they are all the perfect size to learn with .
 These soft magnetic numerals and equal , addition and subtraction signs plus some stars are perfect for my classroom . For students who have trouble writing their numbers these are great . They stick to the magnetic white board , and the stars can be used to represent numbers . I use these in my K-1 classroom , but they are not really a toy , but an educational tool . Kids enjoy playing with them and making numbers .
 I 've owned a few SafeTGard Adult Athletic Supporter Jockstraps for the past couple of years and this is definitely my favorite compared to other brands . I 'm a big guy , and the XXL fits perfectly . The material is comfortable , and keeps everything in place where it should be . When I receive them new , I always wash it once before I wear them because out of the box they are a bit stiff . After playing football , wrestling , and rugby for over 10 years wearing all different brands of jockstraps , this is the most comfortable jockstrap i 've ever worn .
 These are very comfortable , the fabirc is soft , yet keeps everything where it is supposed to be . Great support ! What more could you ask for in a jock strap ?
 I 'm not very athletic , so I 've never worn one of these before . But I got some surgery done and I have to wear one for a couple weeks . This one looked to be what I needed at a reasonable cost . Like another review stated , there are some loose threads that pop up every time I wash it . Do n't know how long it 'll last , but I do n't plan on wearing it much longer . The material has a very open weave . This can lead to occasional snags . Even after several washings the material is still a little scratchy . The waste band is nice . It does n't roll or bunch up . Overall it does it 's job , I just wish it was a little softer .
 I ` ve purchased several supporters from different stores that said they fit a 42 inch waist that were so tight that the band cut you in half . This brand of supporter fits snug but does n`t cut off your breathing as the others . The only con I have is that they say it ` s preshrunk but I recommend you hand wash it . I washed mine in my washer with my other clothes and it seemed to shrink some.Again I highly recommend this supporter and will order more than one the next time .
 While I ordered these a size larger than normal -LRB- based upon past experience with supporters -RRB- these are true to size . The one I purchased is too large , but I have no one to blame but myself . The material is comfortable , and am ordering one in the correct size . Gave 5 starts because of the quality of the material , sewing , and price .
 The supporter wears and fits well . but when i wash it the threading seems to be breaking down . Not sure how else to explain the thread and strings of thread hanging off of the item .
 Been wearing SafeTGard instead of briefs since some 8 years ago and would n't wear other jock , or briefs for that matter ! They fit perfectly , they 're cool , specially here in the tropics ...
 NIce feel and have held up well with usage . I do n't know what else to say , I 'm just filling up space because you have to write a minimum amount of words to complete this rating ! LOL !
 It 's not easy to find comfortable underwear , let alone a jock strap , if you 're a big guy or just not built like the models they use to advertise these types of things . Usually a jock is more comfortable for me than anything else , but most of them still are n't `` just right . '' I bought one of these just to try , and WOW best underwear I 've ever owned ! It keeps things where they need to be , does n't bind , pinch , or move around on you , the sizing is perfect , and looks sexy on top of all that -LRB- c'mon guys , we like to look sexy just like the ladies do - do n't deny it ! -RRB- . I loved it so much I came back and more -LRB- eight total -RRB- , and they 're my new daily underwear . Please do n't ever change how you make these , otherwise I may have to go commando ! The price is also unbeatable . I had the same problem some other reviewers gave where after the first two washings I saw a few rubber strands come out , but even if these only last me a year or so I 'm pleased given how inexpensive they are . Since I wear these every day as underwear , I do n't expect them to last forever anyway .
 Color option is nice . Very comfortable . Doesnt constrict like others Ive used . Great if you looking for support and less constriction overall
 Fits like the package sizing says , supports while on my biking and sporting events . I even returned a previous package because I thought I had lost more weight than I really did and they exchanged quickly and without issue . I did n't even have to pay shipping . Great !!
 wear them all the time and these are so comfortable and quite reasonably priced . they arrived on time and they wash and wear wonderfully . thanks .
 This product does just what it 's supposed to.The only downside is that the waist band is sometimes a little rough for extended wear .
 Thank you for sending this product , they are just what the docotor order and they fit very comfortable
 The pieces fit together well and produce a fine model for what it cost . Use an airbrush for painting and you will have an authentic reproduction of the real Wildcat .
 REALY NICE KIT !!! I LOVE OLD WW2 FIGHTER PLANES ! EASY TO PUT TOGETHER BUT MIGHT BE CHALLENGING FOR YOUNGER MODELERS . PIECES ARE VERY SMALL . GREAT KIT OTHERWISE !!! HAPPY MODELING EVERYONE !!!! SEE YA NEXT TIME , ... MITCHELL TODD EMERTON .
 Fish is always a fun game to play with children . They learn whilehaving fun ... It 's also perfect for a children under five ...
 We LOVE this mat !! My kids use it in their play/physical therapy area , and they love to roll around on it . It 's great for new walkers too ! AWESOME !!
 It 's soo cute and cuddly ! Not only is extra soft , it 's small enough to fit in your palm or make a great addition to a desk . It looks realistic too , it had the little cat fur covering its eyes making it even more adorable , the only downside if you trying cuddling with it to go to sleep make sure you take out the `` TY '' tag otherwise you would end up with heart shape marks on your face = -RSB-
 My grandkids love the kitten . And I do n't have to worry about a litter box ! lol
 This is a wonderfully soft and cuddly toy that I would highly recommend.My 9 year old daughter wanted a toy cat to help her cope with the loss of our cat , who was very sick with cancer and had to be put to sleep . I searched high and low to find a toy that looked as much like him as possible , and was very happy to find this one . She takes the Beanie Babies Cabaret cat -LRB- now renamed Boots , after the real cat who died -RRB- to bed with her every night and loves to cuddle him.He is so soft and cuddly , and is just what she needed to help her cope with her bereavement .
 Ty beanie baby cabaret is so cute and so soft it 's like holding a 10 week old kitten it 's just so cuddly it 's like a real cat and it looks so realistic .
 I bought several of these in different colors for Christmas gift cards . The recipients had a great time solving the puzzles . They were the hit of the day . I trust they all enjoyed the gift cards as well . I did receive one damaged puzzle case . Amazon quickly exchanged it .
 A toy you can play with for hours . It 's always fun to play with Legos !
 You ca n't go worng with Legos and this set is great ... it mixes well with the other Bob the Builder Sets . . I like that you get an actual `` play scene/set '' that can be built !
 My boys love the Bob the Builder Legos Roley was a great addition to our team .
 Product was of high quality , delivered timely . Hand addressed envelope was a nice touch . Highly recommend .
 Glass counter stones can be expensive if you buy a small pack of a single color from your friendly local game shop . They 're a little more affordable here on Amazon , but in 20 packs sold as `` gaming stones '' is probably the most expensive ways to buy these little glass beads . Particularly if you want more than one color , these Mancala stones are a good way to get ten each of five different colors.I took a chance and bought a second set to try and get 20 each of the five colors . There 's no guarantee of that , but I thought it was worth a shot . They were the same , so I ordered a few more . I 've now got 50 each of five different colors
 My kids had misplaced many Mancala stones from the game board they 've had for several years . I purchased these as replacements for $ 5.00 . I thought it was a reasonable price for a game they love to play . Kids are 7 and 12 . Stones are colorful and durable . Easy to lose , unfortunately , and probably choking hazard concern if you have kids younger than 4 or 5 . For Kindergarten and up , this is an enjoyable game .
 the stones are perfect for your mancala board , or if you need a board , Maple Landmark carries those .
 My grandchildren introduced me to this game . It 's more fun than winning a checker tournament . Fast paced and causes giggles .
 This is a light dice game very fun for gamers and non-gamers alike . Very easy to explain , easy to start . The colors in my version do n't match the dice -LRB- for instance , the purple person has pink dice -RRB- . We pull this game out either to start the evening or end it , since it takes 15-25 minutes to play . It 's the only way I 'm going to get my husband to dance !
 Dancing dice is just a simple dice rolling game to get combinations . But it has a lot less downtime for all the participants as compared to the old standard of Yahtzee . For that reason , I like it better . Its simple enough to get the whole family involved .
 I 've owned a few SafeTGard Adult Athletic Supporter Jockstraps for the past couple of years and this is definitely my favorite compared to other brands . I 'm a big guy , and the XXL fits perfectly . The material is comfortable , and keeps everything in place where it should be . When I receive them new , I always wash it once before I wear them because out of the box they are a bit stiff . After playing football , wrestling , and rugby for over 10 years wearing all different brands of jockstraps , this is the most comfortable jockstrap i 've ever worn .
 These are very comfortable , the fabirc is soft , yet keeps everything where it is supposed to be . Great support ! What more could you ask for in a jock strap ?
 I 'm not very athletic , so I 've never worn one of these before . But I got some surgery done and I have to wear one for a couple weeks . This one looked to be what I needed at a reasonable cost . Like another review stated , there are some loose threads that pop up every time I wash it . Do n't know how long it 'll last , but I do n't plan on wearing it much longer . The material has a very open weave . This can lead to occasional snags . Even after several washings the material is still a little scratchy . The waste band is nice . It does n't roll or bunch up . Overall it does it 's job , I just wish it was a little softer .
 I ` ve purchased several supporters from different stores that said they fit a 42 inch waist that were so tight that the band cut you in half . This brand of supporter fits snug but does n`t cut off your breathing as the others . The only con I have is that they say it ` s preshrunk but I recommend you hand wash it . I washed mine in my washer with my other clothes and it seemed to shrink some.Again I highly recommend this supporter and will order more than one the next time .
 While I ordered these a size larger than normal -LRB- based upon past experience with supporters -RRB- these are true to size . The one I purchased is too large , but I have no one to blame but myself . The material is comfortable , and am ordering one in the correct size . Gave 5 starts because of the quality of the material , sewing , and price .
 The supporter wears and fits well . but when i wash it the threading seems to be breaking down . Not sure how else to explain the thread and strings of thread hanging off of the item .
 Been wearing SafeTGard instead of briefs since some 8 years ago and would n't wear other jock , or briefs for that matter ! They fit perfectly , they 're cool , specially here in the tropics ...
 I wear a jock to the gym , and needed some new ones ! I made out like a bandit here ! Everything worked out-size , color and make perfect ! I 'd highly recommend both this jockstrap and Amazon to everyone !
 NIce feel and have held up well with usage . I do n't know what else to say , I 'm just filling up space because you have to write a minimum amount of words to complete this rating ! LOL !
 It 's not easy to find comfortable underwear , let alone a jock strap , if you 're a big guy or just not built like the models they use to advertise these types of things . Usually a jock is more comfortable for me than anything else , but most of them still are n't `` just right . '' I bought one of these just to try , and WOW best underwear I 've ever owned ! It keeps things where they need to be , does n't bind , pinch , or move around on you , the sizing is perfect , and looks sexy on top of all that -LRB- c'mon guys , we like to look sexy just like the ladies do - do n't deny it ! -RRB- . I loved it so much I came back and more -LRB- eight total -RRB- , and they 're my new daily underwear . Please do n't ever change how you make these , otherwise I may have to go commando ! The price is also unbeatable . I had the same problem some other reviewers gave where after the first two washings I saw a few rubber strands come out , but even if these only last me a year or so I 'm pleased given how inexpensive they are . Since I wear these every day as underwear , I do n't expect them to last forever anyway .
 Color option is nice . Very comfortable . Doesnt constrict like others Ive used . Great if you looking for support and less constriction overall
 Fits like the package sizing says , supports while on my biking and sporting events . I even returned a previous package because I thought I had lost more weight than I really did and they exchanged quickly and without issue . I did n't even have to pay shipping . Great !!
 wear them all the time and these are so comfortable and quite reasonably priced . they arrived on time and they wash and wear wonderfully . thanks .
 This product does just what it 's supposed to.The only downside is that the waist band is sometimes a little rough for extended wear .
 Thank you for sending this product , they are just what the docotor order and they fit very comfortable
 This action figure is very well made and colored ! My nephew loves to play with it !
 This is such a cute stuffed animal for any baby or toddler . I bought this for my 6 month old niece & she loves it !!
 My daughter loves Curious George . This item was very cheap and it was brand new with tags . She loves it !
 great price and prompt shipping . Bought it for my gf and she sleeps with it every night i am not home . thank you
 Item is great , well made and similar enough in appearance to bring back great memories . Worth having . The price was reasonable and shipping time was quick .
 We bought this Curious George to help my daughter 's 2nd grade teacher , who had a much older Curious George that was , well , falling apart . Upon receiving this plush , I took it out of the box and handed it to my daughter who immediately squeezed it and said she liked him . Curious George has since then gone to be in the 2nd grade class to be used as a `` Reading Buddy . '' He appears made well but I feel that time will only tell if he holds up to the rigors of 2nd grade life . So , I will not guess as to his durability at this time . My wife has commented that she feels that this Curious George 's face very well resembles the story book character of Curious George .
 Russ Berrie Curious George with Red Shirt 16 '' PlushOur Grandson loves this all tho he is really little he enjoys being read to and George helps him to identify with the story ...
 My 5 year old son got this classic stuffed animal from Santa as his stocking topper and he was elated . CG is very well made , the perfect size to tuck and go and always very curious . It 's not an educational toy per se , however we have already had several teachable moments using CG & I 'm very pleased with the purchase .
 NIce feel and have held up well with usage . I do n't know what else to say , I 'm just filling up space because you have to write a minimum amount of words to complete this rating ! LOL !
 It 's not easy to find comfortable underwear , let alone a jock strap , if you 're a big guy or just not built like the models they use to advertise these types of things . Usually a jock is more comfortable for me than anything else , but most of them still are n't `` just right . '' I bought one of these just to try , and WOW best underwear I 've ever owned ! It keeps things where they need to be , does n't bind , pinch , or move around on you , the sizing is perfect , and looks sexy on top of all that -LRB- c'mon guys , we like to look sexy just like the ladies do - do n't deny it ! -RRB- . I loved it so much I came back and more -LRB- eight total -RRB- , and they 're my new daily underwear . Please do n't ever change how you make these , otherwise I may have to go commando ! The price is also unbeatable . I had the same problem some other reviewers gave where after the first two washings I saw a few rubber strands come out , but even if these only last me a year or so I 'm pleased given how inexpensive they are . Since I wear these every day as underwear , I do n't expect them to last forever anyway .
 Color option is nice . Very comfortable . Doesnt constrict like others Ive used . Great if you looking for support and less constriction overall
 Fits like the package sizing says , supports while on my biking and sporting events . I even returned a previous package because I thought I had lost more weight than I really did and they exchanged quickly and without issue . I did n't even have to pay shipping . Great !!
 wear them all the time and these are so comfortable and quite reasonably priced . they arrived on time and they wash and wear wonderfully . thanks .
 This product does just what it 's supposed to.The only downside is that the waist band is sometimes a little rough for extended wear .
 Thank you for sending this product , they are just what the docotor order and they fit very comfortable
 I 've owned a few SafeTGard Adult Athletic Supporter Jockstraps for the past couple of years and this is definitely my favorite compared to other brands . I 'm a big guy , and the XXL fits perfectly . The material is comfortable , and keeps everything in place where it should be . When I receive them new , I always wash it once before I wear them because out of the box they are a bit stiff . After playing football , wrestling , and rugby for over 10 years wearing all different brands of jockstraps , this is the most comfortable jockstrap i 've ever worn .
 These are very comfortable , the fabirc is soft , yet keeps everything where it is supposed to be . Great support ! What more could you ask for in a jock strap ?
 I 'm not very athletic , so I 've never worn one of these before . But I got some surgery done and I have to wear one for a couple weeks . This one looked to be what I needed at a reasonable cost . Like another review stated , there are some loose threads that pop up every time I wash it . Do n't know how long it 'll last , but I do n't plan on wearing it much longer . The material has a very open weave . This can lead to occasional snags . Even after several washings the material is still a little scratchy . The waste band is nice . It does n't roll or bunch up . Overall it does it 's job , I just wish it was a little softer .
 I ` ve purchased several supporters from different stores that said they fit a 42 inch waist that were so tight that the band cut you in half . This brand of supporter fits snug but does n`t cut off your breathing as the others . The only con I have is that they say it ` s preshrunk but I recommend you hand wash it . I washed mine in my washer with my other clothes and it seemed to shrink some.Again I highly recommend this supporter and will order more than one the next time .
 While I ordered these a size larger than normal -LRB- based upon past experience with supporters -RRB- these are true to size . The one I purchased is too large , but I have no one to blame but myself . The material is comfortable , and am ordering one in the correct size . Gave 5 starts because of the quality of the material , sewing , and price .
 The supporter wears and fits well . but when i wash it the threading seems to be breaking down . Not sure how else to explain the thread and strings of thread hanging off of the item .
 Been wearing SafeTGard instead of briefs since some 8 years ago and would n't wear other jock , or briefs for that matter ! They fit perfectly , they 're cool , specially here in the tropics ...
 My kids love the theme of the toy but it is n't the most sturdy lego toy . The pieces fall off easily however it is also easy to put back together . Overall , if your child likes the idea of knights and swords , they will enjoy it .
 I wear a jock to the gym , and needed some new ones ! I made out like a bandit here ! Everything worked out-size , color and make perfect ! I 'd highly recommend both this jockstrap and Amazon to everyone !
 NIce feel and have held up well with usage . I do n't know what else to say , I 'm just filling up space because you have to write a minimum amount of words to complete this rating ! LOL !
 It 's not easy to find comfortable underwear , let alone a jock strap , if you 're a big guy or just not built like the models they use to advertise these types of things . Usually a jock is more comfortable for me than anything else , but most of them still are n't `` just right . '' I bought one of these just to try , and WOW best underwear I 've ever owned ! It keeps things where they need to be , does n't bind , pinch , or move around on you , the sizing is perfect , and looks sexy on top of all that -LRB- c'mon guys , we like to look sexy just like the ladies do - do n't deny it ! -RRB- . I loved it so much I came back and more -LRB- eight total -RRB- , and they 're my new daily underwear . Please do n't ever change how you make these , otherwise I may have to go commando ! The price is also unbeatable . I had the same problem some other reviewers gave where after the first two washings I saw a few rubber strands come out , but even if these only last me a year or so I 'm pleased given how inexpensive they are . Since I wear these every day as underwear , I do n't expect them to last forever anyway .
 Color option is nice . Very comfortable . Doesnt constrict like others Ive used . Great if you looking for support and less constriction overall
 Fits like the package sizing says , supports while on my biking and sporting events . I even returned a previous package because I thought I had lost more weight than I really did and they exchanged quickly and without issue . I did n't even have to pay shipping . Great !!
 wear them all the time and these are so comfortable and quite reasonably priced . they arrived on time and they wash and wear wonderfully . thanks .
 This product does just what it 's supposed to.The only downside is that the waist band is sometimes a little rough for extended wear .
 Thank you for sending this product , they are just what the docotor order and they fit very comfortable
 I 've owned a few SafeTGard Adult Athletic Supporter Jockstraps for the past couple of years and this is definitely my favorite compared to other brands . I 'm a big guy , and the XXL fits perfectly . The material is comfortable , and keeps everything in place where it should be . When I receive them new , I always wash it once before I wear them because out of the box they are a bit stiff . After playing football , wrestling , and rugby for over 10 years wearing all different brands of jockstraps , this is the most comfortable jockstrap i 've ever worn .
 These are very comfortable , the fabirc is soft , yet keeps everything where it is supposed to be . Great support ! What more could you ask for in a jock strap ?
 I 'm not very athletic , so I 've never worn one of these before . But I got some surgery done and I have to wear one for a couple weeks . This one looked to be what I needed at a reasonable cost . Like another review stated , there are some loose threads that pop up every time I wash it . Do n't know how long it 'll last , but I do n't plan on wearing it much longer . The material has a very open weave . This can lead to occasional snags . Even after several washings the material is still a little scratchy . The waste band is nice . It does n't roll or bunch up . Overall it does it 's job , I just wish it was a little softer .
 I ` ve purchased several supporters from different stores that said they fit a 42 inch waist that were so tight that the band cut you in half . This brand of supporter fits snug but does n`t cut off your breathing as the others . The only con I have is that they say it ` s preshrunk but I recommend you hand wash it . I washed mine in my washer with my other clothes and it seemed to shrink some.Again I highly recommend this supporter and will order more than one the next time .
 While I ordered these a size larger than normal -LRB- based upon past experience with supporters -RRB- these are true to size . The one I purchased is too large , but I have no one to blame but myself . The material is comfortable , and am ordering one in the correct size . Gave 5 starts because of the quality of the material , sewing , and price .
 The supporter wears and fits well . but when i wash it the threading seems to be breaking down . Not sure how else to explain the thread and strings of thread hanging off of the item .
 Been wearing SafeTGard instead of briefs since some 8 years ago and would n't wear other jock , or briefs for that matter ! They fit perfectly , they 're cool , specially here in the tropics ...
 This 13-inch collector 's figure may say it 's good for those 5 and above , but that 's about choking hazard and not age-appropriateness . As you can tell from the price , this * is * a collector 's figure , and only worth getting if it 's well taken care of -LRB- so , if you 're buying it for your kid , they better be old enough to not make this figure `` fly '' -RRB- . What 's great about this figure is that it actually has semblance to Brandon Routh -LRB- unlike many other toys -RRB- , has a good-quality cloth un-zippable suit -LRB- behind the cape , of course -RRB- , and has multiple points of articulation , most of which work with the cloth surrounding it . * But * it comes with a display stand which will not work to display Superman standing up -LRB- i.e. , if this is the case , you 'll have to be careful to have it balance on the feet -RRB- , and must clamp around something -LRB- presumably the waist -RRB- , which is visible . Also , though posable , certain poses leave the figure looking somewhat unrealistic -LRB- for example , in order to have a raised arm -LSB- like flying -RSB- the biceps must be manipulated in a way that leaves a huge , rectangular-type shape on top of the arm ; and , the arms can not lie remotely flatly against the body , as is also sometimes a ` flying position ' -RRB- . And , though pretty good quality , certain things are less than I expected
 This looks like Brandon Routh ! I 'm not taking it out of the box . It 's staying mint . Great piece of movie memorabilia ! Sure to become a valuable collector 's item . Get it while you can !
 For the price , this is a great train controller . I use it with my N-scale set in my garage , and the momentum control is wonderful . Amazon makes buying my train accessories fun and easy - do n't have to pay high retail store prices anymore .
 My son is 3-yrs old and he loves this toy . He cant get enough of it :-RRB- ... Amazon shipping was super fast and I got it even before the shipping date . . :-RRB- -RRB- . . Thank you Amazon !
 0ur 16 mo old daughter got these for a Christmas gift . she 's learning all of her animal names and/or the sounds they make . It did n't take her long to be able to put the cubes in on her own and she loves it when she hears the animal noises . We always get a big grin for big accomplishment .
 I think this toy is a great learning tool -- just a little too old for my 18mth old . I 'm sure she will grow into it , but right now she just enjoys stacking the blocks .
 My son liked this toy . I 'm not sure the price justifies its fun value , but he enjoys the motorized trains . This particular one is cute , as it is so different than the rest of the Thomas trains .
 I bought this as a tribute to all the boxers that have been in my life over the years ... it is absolutely adorable and brings me a smile as it sits on my shelf .
 This is going to make an adorable gift for my son to give his girlfriend ! She has a boxer bulldog , so we wanted to give her a small cuddly one to sleep with at night .
 I bought this and Henry for my son . He played like anything , misused like anything but still these runs great and functioning well . Only con is connection between two compartments is very weak .
 We love Thomas the Tank EngineTrains ! Henry is definitely a favorite . Recommend for any child who loves to play with trains . Good sturdy plastic . Battery operated , usually a C battery .
 My boys have the Ultimate Tomy Thomas the Train set with a collection of engines . They love this Train set and play with it for hours . And as rough as my boys are , these toys manage to survive ! But parents beware ! You 'll be making new track configurations on a regular basis !
 Hooray for Thomas the tank engine and ALL of his friends !!! The only thing that humors , amuses and completely enthralls my 2 year old boy is his trains . He can play for hours , uninterupted for minutes on end , ok , then he has to show me and Mommy must play too , but the creative play that the trains and coordinating videos provoke is priceless !
 A good activity for sitting still ! My kids enjoy it on sick days when they are home from school .
 This is a great alternative to the cork bed for railroads layouts , it is more flexible and easier to use , the only problem was the packaging , even it came on a sturdy package and well packed some of the bedding came bend , other than that it was a good price .
 This stuff helps in your layout if you are using &#34; regular &#34; tracks , it 's very easy to use for straights and for the curves you need to watch it just a bit and a little cut helps , it 's just a matter of getting used to it .
 I remember when I was a kid and was all into pokemon . This game showed me how to play the original trading card game -LRB- better than those manuals you got from the complete decks from wal-mart ! -RRB- . I played up till the 4th generation of pokemon video games but stoped playing the card game at the start of the 3rd generation . Im not really getting back into pokemon but the thousands of cards I have sitting in boxes still have value ! If your an old fan of pokemon trading cards and is just sitting around with nothing to do then consider this game a token of memorabilia . Its like playing the chess and black jack games your computer came with . Not thrilling but gives you somthing to do with somthing you once enjoyed ! -LRB- Problem is , I played this game over ten years ago . If I buy another copy I 'll have to play it on my ten year old laptop with XP ! -RRB-
 Considering how hard it is to find a Mushu toy now , I was very excited to see this ! He was a bit smaller than I expected , but very adorable !
 We have almost all the figures that are available for the Clubhouse , and have had hours and hours of fun with them . They all interact with each other , and have provided unending fun for our 3 year old with just adding a little imagination ! Highly recommend for any little ones !
 This is a well made , nice size puzzle for family and friends to work . More for folks who are above the age of 6 .
 I have purchased three pair of these ice skates for my daughter whose foot seems to grow overnight ! My daughter is 4 years old -LRB- skates on average 8-10 hours a week -RRB- and is in our local Figure Skating Club who also competes . The Riedell 10 skate is perfect for her little -LRB- but growing -RRB- feet . They are nicely padded on the inside of the boot which make for pain-free skating . She has never complained of cold or hurting feet/ankles . I always have them sharpened when I first receive them and then again every 2 months or so . Since we store them completely dry after skating , and put them on the boot warmer before hitting the ice , I have yet to see any rust . I have been advised to move her up to the Riedell 12 when this recent pair gets too small . I highly recommend Riedell to the occassional skater or the skater who is just starting out but skates frequently .
 The Riedell Ice Skates 10 is a nice entry level figure skate that wo n't break the bank and wo n't exactly discourage your child from learning how to ice skate . Our daughter loves it and we 're sure we 'll be upgrading once she outgrows this pair but we 're expecting this pair to last at least 1 or more seasons . The padding along the ankle area is a lot better than what we 've seen when shopping for a nice entry level pair of skates . Overall , a nice entry level pair to have your child break in with .
 I bought these skates in size 2 for my 9 year old daughter . They were too snug , but fortunately , they fit my 7 year old daughter who wears size 13 in regular girls ' shoes . We have not used the skates yet , but will soon . They are beautiful and well-made .
 These ice skates are nice . They have held up great , and are wondeful quality . I will be buying the next size up this year , and I do n't feel any need to look at all the other choices .
 My daughter has been skating for a year and she 's doing free-style . This skate is a great buy at a reasonable cost . If you are not doing a lot of jumping or turning , this would work for you . If you are doing some hard stuff like a lot of jumping then you may want to find something on a higher end .
 My wife is a retired professional figure skater , so when she picks out skates for a granddaughter , she knows what she 's looking for , and this was her call as the best skate short of custom-built . Excellent value , especially when kids are growing .
 I bought these for my 7 year old daughter . She has skated many times , but is just now starting actual lessons . They were slightly uncomfortable on the first wear , but now she says they feel completely comfortable and easy to skate in . I bought the Riedell womens 115 skates and am very happy with my purchase . So comfortable and easy to skate in !
 i recieved my item in a timely manner . my daughter loves these skates and they are perfect for her new interest . they are steardy and they clean up well after use . thank you so much for all the reviews they helped me a lot when making my purchase .
 Great starter skates !! delivered promptly . . My 10 year old daughter wants to skate everyday and loves having not to rent anymore . . The only thing is the Rink recommended sharpening them . .
 Mugen . Jin . Fuu . 3 of the coolest characters in anime are now 3 of the coolest figures . Yamato StoryImageFigure line are some of the best anime and manga statuettes out there . This set is very artistically done . They invoke the colorful yet gritty feeling of the period of Ronin and Yakuza . The detail truly represents these characters personalities . The super extra bonus of a stylized character-scroll-bust magnet with each figure will let you proudly display your Hip-Hop Samurai stylee somewhere other than your display shelf . Do n't be a sucka , drop your duckets on these bad mothas fo rizzle .
 The figurine set of the three characters is a very nice addition to any action figure collection for fans of the show . I love the show and am happy with the purchase for the figures part of the set which is why I bought it . It is not too small . I have the figures together like they are in the picture and I do n't think they all stood on their own so you pretty much have to display them that way . One downside to the figure is that Mugen 's sword is very loose.The magnets are n't any good because they are too heavy to stay stuck . It is just a poor design when they really need stronger magnets so I actually got rid of them .
 These figures are well made and look great , especially for the price . The magnets are a little heavy and do not stick too well . I may have to add another to them so they will not slide down the fridge .
 Great fun unwrapping this ; each of the three characters comes with a small bust as well , the likenesses are all nicely done . I picked these up as a stocking stuffer for my son as we enjoyed the series thoroughly . He was very pleased with them -LRB- he 's 22 -RRB- . They fit nicely on the computer desk separately or linked together as in the display .
 My daughter loves animals of every kind . She requested this wooly mammoth for christmas . I was very pleased with the quality and size of the plush . Well stuffed and authentic looking for a stuffed toy . Sometimes you get one and find that it is poorly filled or the eyes are goofy or it may not be the right proportion , but this one is nice .
 Our grandson lives , breathes and sleeps in the Jurassic period . And although he had all sorts of anatomically correct dinosaurs , he longed for a wooly mammoth . This guy made him so happy . Most successful gift I ever gave . Big shoulders , long tusks , sloping body , and so cuddly , the mammoth of his dreams .
 Oh how I doth long for the Pleistocene age.Until a scientist can clone a Wooly Mammoth for me ... this lil ' fella will suffice.Trunk is longer and turns under rather than out unlike the listing picture .
 This Mammoth was just what my son wanted for Christmas . It came right on time . He is very cute ! Thanks !
 I bought this for my grandson for Christmas and he has been carrying it around and to bed . He wanted to take out to play in the snow , had to delete that idea ...
 My daughter is into dinosaurs and the like and wanted this toy . I got it and we are very satisfied . Good quality as well !
 My son is an animal kid 100 % and was totally happy with this version of the Mammoth ! Great job thanks !
 This button is a bit smaller than it appears , as most reviews have said . It 's about the size of your palm , but full of fun .
 Pretty damn funny . I play it daily , it 's a great stress buster to have next to your computer like I have . Came with batteries too .
 i love this little thing i have sitting on my shelf that has cool stuff like bobble heads , statues , ect . Whenever a friend comes over and walks by the shelf some one always ends up hitting it .
 Six or eight of us get together early in the mornings for a BS session . I bought this and took it with me . Everyone loved it !!
 This button will bring tears to your eyes , when you see the lookon people 's faces , when you tell them how you really feel aboutwhat load of boooooooooooooool shizzle they are trying to sell you.ATTENTION BS DETECTED ! TAKE PRECAUTIONS ! LOLits farging hilarious , trust me , it never gets old ...
 I work in the hospital , so some of the stories patients give just makes me want to push the button . . It made ms laugh so hard I sent one to my family who works in the government and she packed it with her and told me that I had to have this button made especially for her . Lol
 It 's not a toy for kids , well not small kids anyway . It has 4 distinct ways of delivering its message and I honestly ca n't pick a favourite . I am not sure how long it lasts but for now , it sits on my desk and is a great way to use the ` b ' word .
 Bought this for my office mates , everyone loves it ! We have people stopping by from different departments to play with it , and it 's taken a tour of the building . Great fun and a great stress reliever .
 I already own a similar item , but found that this one draws way more laughs in my office . A great one to have around in any place that deals with crap management and/or clients . Definitely worth the $ 2.20 or so I paid - would have been worth $ 5 or maybe more , depending on how often you can hit such a thing in your type of office .
 I think it 's silly ; the wife thinks it 's funny . So it sits at her desk and she giggles when people walk up and hit it . So , it serves the purpose . Btw , it is nicely made and does seem like it will last .
 This is probably not politically correct in every office situation . In fact , you could probably be &#34; written up &#34; for indiscrimate usage ... however , the sound effects , the voice and the different sayings make this a good piece for &#34; illustrating &#34; your awareness that some piece of information might be lacking in substance ...
 Got this for my dad for his desk and it was the best Christmas gift ever . Plenty of different sayings and he loves hitting it when the BS gets serious .
 this is a tipical item to have on your working desk to have a quick laugh when stupid and useless questions are addressed to you .
 we use this botton if there is something that we dont like or its bull s *** , it comes with 5 voices 4 out of 5 r good
 I bought these as gifts . The people loved them and their friends . People wanted to know where I got them . Yes I would recommend it .
 It was the best Christmas gag gift I have ever given to the best brothet in law on Christmas Eve
 This arrived quickly and I was surprised at the size . Its really smaller than the picture , but it is funny it has several different phrases that it says when you press it . Its loud and clear , very funny . It came with batteries in it and its ready to go .
 This was a gag gift for my son-on-law and he absolutely LOVES it !!! It is so funny and the words are clearly spoken so it is easy to understand . My son-in-law was saying that he is going to set it on the coffee table -LRB- at his home -RRB- and when some particular friends come over and start `` spouting off '' about something he is going to just slap the button and watch their expressions . I highly recommend this as an adult toy !!!
 Great office toy . Not really suitable for children . Everyone working in an office environment could appreciate this as a viable alternative to the Easy Button .
 I gave this as a gift and he loved it ! We had a lot of fun with it . Awesome for an office setting . I 'm going to order one for myself now , because what 's more handy than this ?
 I like this to joke around with friendsI buy for my Brother to xmas he is a BS guy beliver
 Bought this as a joke for my husband because I know they have an `` easy button '' they play with at his work . He thought it was hilarious , and I thought all of the sayings were funny myself . He took it to work right away and said it was a big hit , makes everyone laugh . Would totally buy this again , he probably got more enjoyment out of this cheap gag gift item than some of his other gifts ! Now , this is n't really for kids even though I see it 's labeled as a `` toy '' - but would recommend this for coworkers or friends or anyone who would appreciate the humor AND if their office environment would n't find it offensive .
 It has 5 different phrases , and it is pretty funny . Great gag gift . No problems with ordering or packaging issues .
 I received it very fast and I was excited to see that it came with batteries!It is a nice conversation piece ; -RRB-
 funny funny funny , i loved this button as it made me and my friends laugh so hard and so many of them i could use in situations
 You do n't realize how many times you can use this button during the course of the day . If you have a cool boss , it makes it all the more funny .
 I bought this as a gag gift of sorts for my husband . There 's been a lot of BS at work as of late and I thought this would be perfect for him ! He loved it . Took it to work with him the day after Christmas !!! Money well spent to see him smile !
 Well , I enjoyed this BS Button very much , but the durability may be a little questionable . Perhaps I wore it out . I used it a lot ; I just could not find a single discussion around the home where the BS Button could not be brought into the conversation . But after a few days , I could n't find it . I think one of my 8-year old twins stole it . Maybe it was the wife . Coulda been any of them , actually . Or the neighbor 's wife , come to think of it .
 I bought it for the Office &#34; White elephant &#34; gift exchange and it was the most sought after item.The different messages are hilarious and hours of laughter .
 I have a couple friends that will be receiving the bullshit button for a gift . Extremely funny and so appropriate for my situation.And that 's NO BULL#@*#
 This was a perfect gift for our white elephant Christmas party and was highly sought after ! Nice clear voice , and it has 4 different sayings .
 i sell this thru my personal storeright to the point . keep one on counterjust for people to play with
 I gave this to one of the health care workers who came to see my mom ! She laughed so hard and really liked it . I think it 's fun and funny . Give it to someone who really does have to go through a lot of b ` sh ` t ! They will enjoy it .
 this fun little gadget can consume hours of your productive time and is entertaining in all manners and form : -RRB- get this and call it like it is . . lol !
 I used this to monitor the coffee drinkers at my business and it worked great !! The first time I used it everyone roared !! Very Cool !
 I got this button for my boss who likes his `` Easy '' button . Thought this would be a great variation of that . It is very funny and I 'm sure he 'll like it , but the batteries included did not work . Not sure I 'd pay this price again if that is the case .
 I bought this specifically to bring to work so I could call my office mates on their various levels of BS . It 's just plain fun !
 I bought this because I `` m tired of wasting my breath on bone headed , arrogant and stubborn conversations with stupid people . It 's easy to find , easy to punch and brings some lightheartedness to the situation . I just wish the voice coming out of the button was louder , MUCH LOUDER .
 Great toy , good fun to break up the office monotony , just keep it to yourself and away from the boss or else !!!
 I love this !! I purchased it as a gift and instead of giving it away I 've kept it !! It 's too funny !! It has more than one saying and they all are bulls *** !!!
 The official bullsh * t button also known as bs button has lighten up our work enviorement . As we use it as not to offend anyone .
 I bought this for my boss as a Christmas present and he loved it ! The perfect addition to more ` alternative ' office environments : -RRB-
 This is a great gift for Father 's Day or for a man 's birthday . Some women would also appreciate it , but it is a neat gift for the man who has it all . The button randomly goes through different sayings each time you hit it . The sayings are very funny and make you laugh .
 The BS button is so cool.I use it a partys , lunches and of course it 's always in my garage ... . AKA mancave . All the buds love it !
 When I found it on amazon , I fell in love ! They say laughter is good medicine . Everyone I 've showed it to , starts laughing . I did , however , experience some malfunction at first . The batteries it comes with do n't work . Then when I inserted a new pair and screwed back the cover , it did n't work . The only way I got it to keep working was to leave the bottom cover unscrewed.We all face BS on a daily basis , so having this device would be beneficial and come in handy . Hope you buy it : D
 This is the second BS button I have owned , the first one was a gift and my family had so much fun with it that we passed it forward to a friend and then decided to purchase a new one to keep the fun going . The 4 different chimes are guaranteed to offer a good chuckle for all within earshot and the `` phrases '' are tastefully done despite the foul -LRB- but funny -RRB- name of the button . Great party gift !
 It 's funny . It says several things . It 's the perfect device for when you are sitting with family and that certain uncle that tells long drawn-out stories is telling a long drawn-out story . It 's clearly one of those embellished or completely fabricated stories you hear all the time and are getting tired of because you know it 's fake . In those situations , you need to just keep this bull **** button hidden behind your back and as the story wraps up , put the button on the table , push it , and then walk away . Then everyone can have a good laugh at the expense of your boring liar uncle who has nothing better to do but to sit and tell lies about things that never happened .
 prchased this asa gift for my mother.she is a 24/7 caregiver for my father and she thought it was great
 its good its like a buzzer lol it came wit this thing so i can stick it to surfaces so place it anywhere n buzz it if u hear bs !!! o it comes with baterries too
 Love this BS button . I put this on top of my PC which is on my desk , that way it is always ready when I need it . Very funny , just do n't overdo it as it can be annoying . My other officemates want one too , but no can do . There should only one BS button in this workplace , and it shall be on my desk.Everything is made of plastic . The button is just a tad less than 3 inch in diameter . It shipped with batteries too.I ca n't believe I ordered this . But it turned out it 's worth it : -RRB- Great gift idea .
 I got this for my sister as a Christmas gift and she absolutely loves it . This thing will keep you laughing .
 I totally love this . I got one as a present to a friend to use with her clients . Great for spouses , coworkers or anyone you want to call on their `` stuff '' . I would have like just one phrase rather than several -- but this is fine too -- and it knew it had a few phrases when i ordered it . one of the phrases , we do n't like at all . The others are all ok and a couple are hysterical.GREAT gag gift.You can velcro this to the underside of a desk so unsuspecting people wo n't see it . and then nonchalantly press it and see their reactions !!!!
 Nice little decoration for a desk or workbench . When you feel someone is giving you a line , to save on your vocal chords , you simply hit the big red button , and it gives the other party a good idea of what you think !!! : -RRB-
 I am in b2b sales and have placed in this on my cube in the &#34; sales pit . &#34; Everyone walks by and pushes it . Love this guy .
 All this does is break the silence and/or the seriousness inside the office ... or even everywhere ... with a smile or even a laugh ! I just love this !
 I bought this for my sister in law when she started her new job and felt overworked and overwhelmed . She keeps it in her desk drawer to lighten the mood !
 Very convenient for many things . I used it immediately when everyone had excuses for being late . I keep it on my desk at the office.i
 Good for a white elephant gift exchange among friends with a sense of humor who are not too easily offended .
 this is sure gon na make for some fun laughs at work ... been needing something like this for a bit now
 It was a gift for a coworker , and it became the IT item in the office . Everyone presses it once in a while .
 Every time my sister walks into my room , she snaps the button . It is fun to play with ...
 Love it . My kids gave to husband as gag gift . We all love it ! Helps provide clarity to any situation .
 One of my favorite sayings is that I have lived long enough that I have something that younger people do n't , and that is a Bulls *** Button . At one point in my life I was young and gullable , but now I know better about a lot of things . When I saw this online I thought it would bring some humor to the office . It is now official ... I have a Bulls *** Button . It has five different electronic messages that bring a smile to people 's face .
 Great for a gag gift ! This is perfect for the person with a sense of humor that has everything . Great to keep at the office for a little comedic relief .
 I bought this as a Christmas present while my wife was away . I knew her cousin would enjoy it . The whole family actually thought this was funny as heck , and great match for her cousin 's personality and work situation .
 I have a sixteen year old nephew who is bright and fun and supremely difficult to buy for . Sure , all he wants is money , but he has to have SOMETHING to unwrap , right ? So this was under the Christmas tree and has been a favorite of the whole family . Sure , it 's a bit inappropriate , but very fun . The button is exactly what you would imagine - it 's sturdy and when pressed comes up with different sayings involving the word BS . His Mom -LRB- my sister -RRB- is already irritated with it , so I have achieved my purpose !
 Bought this for my Dad for Christmas and he loved it . Really it 's just there to be funny and it definitely serves its purpose . It also went over rather well as he loved the gift . : -RRB-
 I gave this to a 76 year old man that has everything , and he absolutely loves it . Sometimes , a simple , inexpensive gift can provide the most entertainment .
 Great gag gift for someone . I bought it for myself and mounted it to the wall in my office at work . It comes in quite handy on a regular basis . Recommended .
 This is a fun practical joke . Several sayings , great to share with coworkers at the end of a day , or before the day starts . Sure to get laughs .
 This button says a couple of funny things . Great if your office environment is relaxed enough to stand cursing and could use a little laugh .
 Make someones day ... ! I do n't consider it a toy it 's a. ... work stress reliever ! Too funny !! In no way would I call it educational , not for kids ! It was a hit ! My co-worker loved it and so did everyone else !
 I bought this as a white elephant gift for my company 's Christmas party and it was a hit ! It 's almost like the Staples `` Easy '' button , but has a smaller width and longer height . It says 4 different phrases and is n't too loud . My cubicle neighbor `` picked '' this gift and every once in a while I hear it go off when he senses someone 's BS ; - -RRB-
 Great motivational tool on my desk when I think I am getting snowed . It has broken the ice a few times and got my empolyee on track with a laugh .
 This is a fun way to let off steam when dealing with people who like to blow smoke up one 's collective skirt .
 This is a very durable and fun item . There are about 5 different types of the word and funny things they say ... it is a great novelty for the office !
 Cool fun product . After pressed the button lights up and a sound effect is played . There are around 5 sounds .
 You can not , I repeat , can not go to your hunting camp or on a fishing trip , or family reunion , or any gathering of you and your buddies without this gag!It is a barrel of laughs . It is non-stop laughter when you push the button as your buddies start with their bullsh-t stories and see the look on their faces!I 've had it along on 5 fishing trips , 1 family reunion , and a bunch of home parties and it breaks up the crowd all the time.Everybody wants to know where they can get one . Amazon of course.I 've already handed out 6 ! Great fun and a fantastic simple gift that is guaranteed to get laughs all the time.I give it 5 stars and that 's no bullsh-t !
 Great fun tool for cutting through the typical BS one seemingly encounters in todays business enviroment . When it gets `` thick '' push the buttom and a reality quickly is brought to the forefront of what is happening at the moment . Not for some of the self centered idiots too many have to deal with on an almost daily basis !
 i got this as a gift for a friend for christmas . the button came very quickly ; i selected standard shipping at checkout but got the button in about 2 or 3 days ! the button itself is very loud and easy to hear , and comes with about five very funny and interesting phrases . everyone was amused by this including myself , and i think it 's a very good ` gag ' gift or something funny to give a couple of friends !
 Ordered this button for stocking stuffer for adult children . It was the favorite gift of the year .
 I got this as a gag gift for my Husband - it 's hilarious ! He and I have pressed it over and over and it 's still funny - he even brought it to work and has it attached to the hutch of his desk and everyone loves it ! It 's perfect when appropriately used !
 Politicans are great for telling us what we need and how they are going to help us and that it wo n't hurt a bit . If you are at loss for words when watching C-SPAN or the evening news . Then your answer is here . I took it into my senator 's office and used it when I was told how interested he was in my problems . No citizen today should be without one .
 this button is lots of fun has 4 different sayings it is like having 4 different buttons in one
 Great Stress Reliever . Especially if you were in customer service - it fits right at home -LRB- at work -RRB- .
 I gave these as office gifts to a few coworkers and I have to say they were a huge hit . There are about 5 phrases and we had so much fun hitting the button when we knew someone was giving us a load of BS . Tons of fun and cool just to have sitting on your desk .
 I bought this for my boyfriend for Christmas , and it is by far his favorite gift . This happens to be his preferred swear word , and uses it constantly in reference to work . I just could n't resist getting it for him when I stumbled across it . It now lives on his desk at work , and is a favorite there as well . It has no educational value , that 's for sure , and it 's as durable as you would expect . But , it sure gets a good laugh from everyone -LRB- even the boss ! -RRB-
 This was a great gag gift . Lots of fun for the office . My boss really loved it . I need to buy more now !!
 We gave these for holiday gifts and everyone just loved it - still getting compliments on it - and there are several b * s *** statements made on it that make it even funnier
 This button is HOT ! I love it when someone is near me and doesnt know I have the button . Make it so much fun to press the button and see their faces . So priceless ... def recommend .
 Everyone got a huge kick out of this . Everyone wants on on their desk at work ! Guess I know what to give for presents at the next office party
 This is a great gag gift , it will bring lots of laughs guaranteed ! It also includes a sticker to secure the bulls *** button to a table or office desk !
 Everyday my Aunt posts how much her coworkers absolutely annoy her with all their bulls *** . So I figured this would go over very well on her desk !
 My son purchased this for his brother to take to work with him at a construction site . This was too much fun at Christmas . Everyone laughed !
 I work in a shop full of men and while it was immediately a huge hit , none of us figured it would last . However , this little thing has held up to multiple hits a day -LRB- some a little harder than others -RRB- and never ceases to lighten even the most tense situations and grumpy butts . The customers love it , as well . It is definitely a conversation piece but the durability make it priceless . Now I do n't know what we would do without it !!
 This button is hilarious . It 's obviously not for children , but it 's great fun for the office or for family get togethers . We keep it on the table when playing board games : -RRB-
 Great for calling it like you see it , without you actually having to &#34; say it &#34; . The button does it for you . My co-workers love it : -RRB-
 Yes , I would recommend this item . It arrived as advertised , on time , safely packaged , and I had no issues at all.I would def do business with this company again.Excellent product !! - Jim : - -RRB-
 this button does exactly as described , it alerts you to BS :-RRB- , button works great , no complaints , well packaged and does it what it says
 Received alot of laughs . Arrived on time , and has worked with no probelms at all . Good for getting colleagues to laugh !
 Its funny , was a good gift for an engineer . I was expecting a bigger button though . Has a variety of different sayings .
 Just what was expected when I ordered . Everyone loved it , but at times the sound seems a little muffled . But heh , you get what you pay for , and this was not expensive in the least . The plastic is decent , and has not fallen apart .
 This was a big hit as a white elephant gift . The only problem with it is the volume is n't loud enough . It is a great alternative to the &#34; That was easy ! &#34; button from Staples for those of us who live in the real world . LOL
 Purchased as a gift for my stepfather , who will most likely take it to the bar and annoy the other patrons . It ought to be a good time , says several different bulls *** related sayings .
 This toy was very educational - it got me thinking , and inspired creativity.This button is AMAZING ! My boss has an easy button , so of course I had to get one too ... because I 'm just that kind of employee ... lol ... riiiiight . I wondered if I could swap the guts of an easy button with a BS button ... so I ordered both on Amazon , and had some fun doing a little creative soldering , trimming of internal plastic -LRB- under `` easy '' -RRB- , and use of a rubber band to hold the pressure button from the easy button in place on the BS button after soldering the wires -LRB- see below for walk-through -RRB- . A switcheroo when he was out of his office , and presto
 I keep my BS button by my desk . Whenever someone comes to me with a ridiculous question , an absurd assignment , or opinion that they should have left at THEIR desk , I push my BS button . Nothing clarifies communications , shortens discussions , or moves managers along faster than a healthy does of `` That Was BS ! ''
 This is exactly what I was after . Check out the YouTube videos of this toy if you want to see how it sounds like and what the messages are .
 I love it ! The first time that I saw the BS button was when a co-worker brought one in that he bought locally . Another co-worker of mine found the BS button on Amazon ; I immediately ordered two . The one that I intended to keep for myself is now a fixture in one of my hangouts and gets heavy use and my significant other has the other one , which has also seen heavy use . I heartily recommend the BS button as a fun thing & recommend DollTV as the place to buy one .
 I bought one of these about three months ago for use with the missus . I got tired of hearing all of her complaints , such as I have n't increased her household allowance since 1978 and I keep coming home smelling of cheap perfume . This button has really kept her shut up!This morning , I was served with divorce papers . You know what I think about that ? BULLSH ...
 Not much to say here . I have several buttons on my office desk . This one gets the most use and attention . It has several BS recorded sounds that are randomly `` voiced '' after each press -LRB- or slap -RRB- of the button . I 've had this for several months now , and it still works after being slapped repeatedly by office visitors.My favorite recording ? `` Ah come on now , that 's not even BS , that 's HS ! '' : - -RRB-
 Sometimes in life you have to call it when people are telling their story.This button makes it easy to call.Numerous expressions that all relate the same messege.This is an adult item but you 're never too young to call it when you hear it.Quite a funny device , Got ta Have It !
 Like millions of Americans , I 'm white , uptight , and lack any sense of spontaneity , humor , or the ability to fit in in most social situations . The comedy of Robin Williams , Sinbad , and that one Hispanic fellow who used to be on tv , leaves me confused as often as entertained . If you 're like me , and you 're looking to entertain your cats during your weekly Glee party , or to have a `` comeback '' at work , then this gag gift is a God send . Finally , a toy for the rest of us .
 I love this item ... I 'm the most senior executive in my branch and I just love using this item ... my team now walks into the office and instead of looking at me when presenting an idea or talking about business , they just look at my hand and wonder if it is going for the button ! hahahahaha ... . and they High 5 each other if they walk out without the button going on ... how cool is that ... . It is a really nice addition to any office ... not sure if this is the main purpose of it ... but it is a good -LRB- in a sick way -RRB- motivation tool : -RRB-
 This is a truely practical gift that you will want to buy for yourself and use daily at work . Buy several , you probably need them.Ken
 I bought this as a bit of a gag gift for my mother . She is always screaming at the TV when various game-shows and programs pull some well ... You know what!This is a great toy to keep around the house and might go over well at a place of work that is relaxed about cursing . It is a fun toy that says it as it is basically . In terms of relative size this button is around 1/2 the diameter of a Staples `` EASY '' button . It feels to be just the right size and the audio it puts out is crystal clear.The button comes with 5 different ways to say exactly what you really want to say without actually having to say it . It is pretty sturdy with construction , durable plastic , though for the price do n't expect it to withstand being thrown around or dropped form very high places . The device takes 2-AAA batteries and will require a Philips-Head Jeweler 's screwdriver to undo the screw holding the battery compartment closed.OVERALL I would say this is a great gag gift or item to keep around a relaxed atmosphere office . It is durable enough that it could take a bit of abuse if you decide to slap down on the button , and should definitely get a few laughs . Although small it puts out a loud , good quality audio . A great toy that will certainly say it as YOU see it . * NOTE
 I bought this as a Christmas Gift literally for a guy who buys whatever he wants and needs himself . It 's a nightmare finding something he does n't already have . This gift was a big hit with everyone and made Christmas day more interesting and fun . HOWEVER I would not buy this for a child or even call it a toy . It is not appropriate for most children as it has several rude phrases it says randomly at a push of the button .
 I 'm a lawyer , so I mounted this up under my desk with the sticky velcro that was included . Thank you for shipping to APO boxes !
 On my desk . Hit it when required by someone 's comment or just in general for an office mood change .
 This toy is a lot of fun . There 's also an official version in iTunes for the iPhone and iPad with even more sayings.I 'm just sayin ' . : -RRB-
 Instead of divisive personal comments use this instead . Rather than having both people angry , use this instead and turn confrontation into hilarity . Also works with friends .
 Love this BS button . I put this on top of my desk , that way it is always ready when I need it . Very funny , just do n't overdo it as it can be annoying . My other officemates want one too , but no can do . There should only one BS button in this workplace , and it shall be on my desk.Everything is made of plastic . The button is just a tad less than 3 inch in diameter . It shipped with batteries too.Great gift idea .
 Perfect for meetings or even when somebody starts talking to you spewing nonsense.Warning - Make sure your boss or superiors have a decent sense of humor . I am not responsible for somebody who gets terminated because they failed to use better judgement on if they are allowed to use this .
 I use it at work to give other employees a laugh . Comes in handy when your boss sometimes talks BS . One con is that I wish it had more than six lines .
 I bought this for our military office . It is quite hilarious . We press it everytime someone needs a BS call . It does a few different sayings and everyone has begun to use it . It 's a lot of fun .
 It arrived not working , so I read the `` instructions '' on the back of the package it came in , and the batteries are listed as `` temporary . '' Luckily I had a few AAA 's in the house . Getting the battery cover to open is a trick . It is actually nearly permanently sealed and at least 1 tiny screw holds the cover on . I carefully pried it open with a small screw driver -LRB- did n't have one small enough for the screw itself -RRB- until the screw holding it in lifted out , i.e. I carefully forced it open . Once the batteries were replaced and the cover carefully put back on , it worked . On the `` fun '' side , my wife and everybody in her office thinks it 's a great item . So remember , the batteries it comes with are temporary and will probably be dead .
 Bought as a joke gift for a friend and VERY FUNNY . Have no idea how long it will last and it certainly is NOT educational but gosh it is funny !
 Pretty funny little gizmo . Great gag gift.If you 've got a Staples-type button collection going , then you MUST add this one to your display shelf .
 The perfect gift for someone with an `` off-the-wall '' sense of humor . Loved it so much I did n't want to give it away !
 This was bought to add some entertainment to the office . Everyone could n't wait to hit the button especially when it applied to a situation or conversation going on in the office .
 Great addition to the office and for the meetings where you need some humour or serious BS ! I use it all the time .
 What can I say purchased this as a gift , it was well liked by the recipient ! Very popular at work and brought a lot of laughs !!
 I work in an office with big open cubicles . I can hear everyone 's conversations and they can hear mine . Additionally , sometimes things just happen to myself or my coworkers that are complete BS . When in need , I press the BS button.This little red button is awesome . There are a handful of sound bytes that the button plays and so far we have n't gotten tired of hearing them . Obviously , I have mine placed in an area where it can not be `` accidentally '' pressed . The workplace requires discretionary use , but we enjoy the times when we are able to shed a little stress and enjoy the sounds of the BS button .
 A super fun gift for the friend who has everything ! Even the dog can press the BS button ... a total riot !
 I gave this to a college professor to convey feedback to his students for their late project excuses . He loved it .
 Everybody knows somebody who slings more BS than should be allowed . In my case , it is my brother-in-law , so the button was a Christmas gift for my sister . It was the hit of Christmas Eve .
 gave this as a gift for the office and it does not disappoint . very hilarious from the first push . months later we 're still cracking up .
 I have purchased three pair of these ice skates for my daughter whose foot seems to grow overnight ! My daughter is 4 years old -LRB- skates on average 8-10 hours a week -RRB- and is in our local Figure Skating Club who also competes . The Riedell 10 skate is perfect for her little -LRB- but growing -RRB- feet . They are nicely padded on the inside of the boot which make for pain-free skating . She has never complained of cold or hurting feet/ankles . I always have them sharpened when I first receive them and then again every 2 months or so . Since we store them completely dry after skating , and put them on the boot warmer before hitting the ice , I have yet to see any rust . I have been advised to move her up to the Riedell 12 when this recent pair gets too small . I highly recommend Riedell to the occassional skater or the skater who is just starting out but skates frequently .
 The Riedell Ice Skates 10 is a nice entry level figure skate that wo n't break the bank and wo n't exactly discourage your child from learning how to ice skate . Our daughter loves it and we 're sure we 'll be upgrading once she outgrows this pair but we 're expecting this pair to last at least 1 or more seasons . The padding along the ankle area is a lot better than what we 've seen when shopping for a nice entry level pair of skates . Overall , a nice entry level pair to have your child break in with .
 I bought these skates in size 2 for my 9 year old daughter . They were too snug , but fortunately , they fit my 7 year old daughter who wears size 13 in regular girls ' shoes . We have not used the skates yet , but will soon . They are beautiful and well-made .
 These ice skates are nice . They have held up great , and are wondeful quality . I will be buying the next size up this year , and I do n't feel any need to look at all the other choices .
 My daughter has been skating for a year and she 's doing free-style . This skate is a great buy at a reasonable cost . If you are not doing a lot of jumping or turning , this would work for you . If you are doing some hard stuff like a lot of jumping then you may want to find something on a higher end .
 My wife is a retired professional figure skater , so when she picks out skates for a granddaughter , she knows what she 's looking for , and this was her call as the best skate short of custom-built . Excellent value , especially when kids are growing .
 I bought these for my 7 year old daughter . She has skated many times , but is just now starting actual lessons . They were slightly uncomfortable on the first wear , but now she says they feel completely comfortable and easy to skate in . I bought the Riedell womens 115 skates and am very happy with my purchase . So comfortable and easy to skate in !
 i recieved my item in a timely manner . my daughter loves these skates and they are perfect for her new interest . they are steardy and they clean up well after use . thank you so much for all the reviews they helped me a lot when making my purchase .
 Great starter skates !! delivered promptly . . My 10 year old daughter wants to skate everyday and loves having not to rent anymore . . The only thing is the Rink recommended sharpening them . .
 My dad got me this . It 's so cute ! I love having my little Kon plush to sit on my shelf next to my Toy Story dolls . He 's really soft , my cat likes to lay with him too .
 i love this little kon stuffed animal , he is kinda flimsy in the arms though and i recommend not to pull on his arms , he is also kinda small too , but i dont mind that , i also love his cute little butten on him.i recommend him if u cosplay or just simply love little kon from bleach .
 I originally bought this plus toy because it would make complete my cosplay outfit this an up coming expo that I will be attending , I must say that it was smaller than I had anticipated but overall it is a good size for the use that I will be needing it for . I am satisfied with my buy
 I got this for my sister for her birthday and she absolutely loved it ! She is a big fan of the show . I would recommend this item !
 Looks great , exactly as advertised . Only possible issue is durability , this is good to look at , but I wouldnt give it to a small child as the legs will be removed quickly .
 This kon plush I bought as gift is definitely quite adorable , and the certain someone I gave it to loved it ! The only problem I 've seen are the same as any other for this one in particular and that is the fact the legs are a bit weak . Had to re-sew them , but overall this plush is definitely nice to have .
 The bleach Kon was smaller than expected . It was only about 7 1/2 inches from head to tail . The arms a stiff and stick out , while the legs are floppy and not very durable . The tip of Kon 's tail is only glued on and will probably come off . -LRB- I sewed it on . -RRB- He is made of a rough fabric that I 'm pretty sure is felt . He 's not very cuddly and even has a string atached to his head like he 's only meant for decoration . Even with all his flaws I still do n't regret buying Kon . He 's supper cute and fun to look at . He 's a perfect companion for watching your favorite episodes of bleach . All in all I would say he was a good buy and got here in record time .
 Great plush for Cosplay and Anime/Comic cons . Plush is soft , durable and adorable . I recommend for Bleach fans and cosplayers who love to take pics !
 I think this is the perfect plush for any Bleach Fan ! Makes a great gift ; it 's a good size and looks just like the actual anime Kon -LRB- he 's not stuck in any silly poses either -RRB- . Great for cuddling too.I 'd recommend him to anyone !
 I 've seen a lot of plushies , and I have n't liked many of them , but this little guy is absolutely adorable ! Completely huggable . Thumbs up choice !
 I love this plush very much ! Although , it was a little smaller than I expected and its limbs are kind of flimsy . Other than that , little Kon is a very huggable little buddy !
 Yet another item that has the same material I despiseThe reason I bought it is because I 'm a fan of the series and Kon is one of my favoritesI place my main concern on how flimsy the limbs areThey 're attached by thread so they can move easily but if it 's tugged on too much it will definitely come apartIf that were to happen I could just sew it back onThe limbs are what surprised meIt 's cute to pick up because then you can see the arms and legs flopping about their floppy wayIt does n't have a squeaker in the middle like the anime hasThat 's okIt 's stuffed a bit too much meaning it 's not something I 'd cuddle on a daily basisBut I still love itI keep it next to me almost all the time
 I got Kon for a freind and myself because we 're both big BLEACH fans and no collection is complete without Kon . My friend just loves him , he 's so cute .
 Cute little thing is n't it ? My friend Chesca owns one . I thought it was the most adorable , perverted , lion , soul-mod , plushie ive ever seen . -- and I said that before I whached bleach -- after I found out it was a anime plush I instantly started whaching bleach . Now I have a Ichigo and a Gin plush ^_- I just ordered this Kon plush resently and loved it once I got it.The size did bother me though , its pretty small , so do n't expect large .
 I looked around for a while for a cuddlely plush that actually looks like Kon from Bleach . Seen alot that are stuck in a pose , and thats cute and all , but not what I was looking for . This one looks the closest to Kon and he is just too cute . Those who were complaining about the durability of it 's legs must be planning to treat it like they do on the anime , kicking and hitting Kon about . If that is so , this is NOT the right plush for you . His arms and legs dangle just as they do in the anime ... I love it that way ! If you just want to have Kon to cuddle and enjoy some episodes of Bleach , this is the one for you !
 It 's really nice , and you should get one too , but ... if you read the specs -LRB- `` Product Dimensions
 Kon is one of the best characters from bleach just love him!i found a amazing facebook page for him reguarly updated i just love it -LSB- ... -RSB- Enjoy Kon fans ^_^
 Just a great gift especially for someone who 's into bleach . Gave it to my boyfriend and caused a mutual friend much jealousy hehe .
 I have purchased three pair of these ice skates for my daughter whose foot seems to grow overnight ! My daughter is 4 years old -LRB- skates on average 8-10 hours a week -RRB- and is in our local Figure Skating Club who also competes . The Riedell 10 skate is perfect for her little -LRB- but growing -RRB- feet . They are nicely padded on the inside of the boot which make for pain-free skating . She has never complained of cold or hurting feet/ankles . I always have them sharpened when I first receive them and then again every 2 months or so . Since we store them completely dry after skating , and put them on the boot warmer before hitting the ice , I have yet to see any rust . I have been advised to move her up to the Riedell 12 when this recent pair gets too small . I highly recommend Riedell to the occassional skater or the skater who is just starting out but skates frequently .
 The Riedell Ice Skates 10 is a nice entry level figure skate that wo n't break the bank and wo n't exactly discourage your child from learning how to ice skate . Our daughter loves it and we 're sure we 'll be upgrading once she outgrows this pair but we 're expecting this pair to last at least 1 or more seasons . The padding along the ankle area is a lot better than what we 've seen when shopping for a nice entry level pair of skates . Overall , a nice entry level pair to have your child break in with .
 I bought these skates in size 2 for my 9 year old daughter . They were too snug , but fortunately , they fit my 7 year old daughter who wears size 13 in regular girls ' shoes . We have not used the skates yet , but will soon . They are beautiful and well-made .
 These ice skates are nice . They have held up great , and are wondeful quality . I will be buying the next size up this year , and I do n't feel any need to look at all the other choices .
 My daughter has been skating for a year and she 's doing free-style . This skate is a great buy at a reasonable cost . If you are not doing a lot of jumping or turning , this would work for you . If you are doing some hard stuff like a lot of jumping then you may want to find something on a higher end .
 My wife is a retired professional figure skater , so when she picks out skates for a granddaughter , she knows what she 's looking for , and this was her call as the best skate short of custom-built . Excellent value , especially when kids are growing .
 I bought these for my 7 year old daughter . She has skated many times , but is just now starting actual lessons . They were slightly uncomfortable on the first wear , but now she says they feel completely comfortable and easy to skate in . I bought the Riedell womens 115 skates and am very happy with my purchase . So comfortable and easy to skate in !
 i recieved my item in a timely manner . my daughter loves these skates and they are perfect for her new interest . they are steardy and they clean up well after use . thank you so much for all the reviews they helped me a lot when making my purchase .
 Great starter skates !! delivered promptly . . My 10 year old daughter wants to skate everyday and loves having not to rent anymore . . The only thing is the Rink recommended sharpening them . .
 CuPig is as cute as he looks in the picture . His wings flap as he sings .
 My parents thought the singing pig was cute ; it had a different tune than what I heard from my friend , which I guess I was expecting them to receive the same tune ; `` I 'm too sexy for my shorts '' but they got the tune of `` Cupid Draw Back Your Bow '' . They did n't know the difference , so the idea was cute .
 Product was very cute . Was funny to listen to when you push its paw . thanks !!
 I bought this board for my daughter . It is simple and easy to use with only a games addition to the entire scoring board itself . Made of really nice maple , it also comes with wooden pegs -LRB- which I hate and would recommend you buy 2 sets of metal pegsMetal Cribbage Pegs , 6 pegs , 2 gold , 2 silver , 2 blackor another set made custom atCribbage Pegs Deluxe Set of 9 Metal . Metal pegs are much easier to use.The maple is beautiful and the compartment has this wood piece over it that is nailed into the board and all you need to do to open it is to move the wood over following the nail `` hinge . '' I am not sure if this is the `` best '' way to cover a compartment . Most cribbage boards use a piece of metal with grooves in the wood over the compartment and the metal slid into the grooves to securely keep the pegs where they belong.One problem I had with this board were just getting the pegs out of the round and deep compartment in the end of the board itself . There are 3 red and three black wooden pegs with much larger than necessary tops . They were stuck inside of the board and I finally had to get a pen , take out the ink cartridge , and push it in and out until I finally got them all out . I was reluctant to put them back in and , fortunately , I also got a couple of sets of metal cribbage pegs that go into this compartment easily as well as come out easily .
 This is my first cribbage board . I was looking for something relatively cheap , just in case the game did n't turn out to be my thing . I almost orderedBicycle 3-Track Color Coded Wooden Cribbage Gamejust because of how cheap it was , but I was hesitant for three reasons . It 's made in Taiwan , it 's not real wood , and the colours are distracting . Thankfully , I did some shopping around and came upon Maple Landmark 's products . A quick visit to their website led me to this , which is their basic , standard cribbage board . It is hand crafted in Vermont with sustainably harvested New England maple . The best part ? It 's only a few dollars more than the made in Taiwan piece of junk , and still relatively cheap on its own.I received it today , it is a basic and very nice board . It arrived shrink wrapped with a sheet of cribbage instructions . The pegs were stuck in the storage hole , but banging my hand on the opposite end dislodged them . The corners are sanded smooth so there are no pointy parts . There is a very small dent on the side , and two small blemishes in the lacquer on the bottom , but I was n't expecting it to be perfect . The company 's logo is etched on the bottom of the board , along with the month and year that it was crafted.It reminds me of a professional quality version of something that a high schooler would make in wood shop.Maple Landmark also makes continuous , and even three track cribbage boards , as well as some that are in unique shapes -LRB- the Vermont shaped one may be of little interest to most of us , however -RRB- , all for reasonable prices . I definitely recommend this board , especially for the price . Not to sound like a sales pitch , but they also make some very cool toys and games that are all handcrafted . This board should be a no-brainer compared to the other options in the entry level price range .
 I was looking for a cribbage board with three qualities : - Made in the USA-Wooden-Peg storage in the boardThis little board has all three , and ca n't be beat for the price . Very durable and sturdy construction . The shape makes it super easy to pack - it can fit in just about anywhere .
 My boyfriend had talked about playing this . I remember playing when I was young so decided we could enjoy this passtime . We have tryly enjoyed it and want to teach my grandson how to play now .
 This is a well made , easy to use and attractive board that you can take anywhere you go . The pegs store inside the board too .
 This standard cribbage board made an excellent Christmas gift and was enjoyed by the owners immensely . They will have many years of fun with it .
 The standard cribbage board is a nice wooden board . The only recommendation I would make in changing the board would be to have metal pegs rather than plastic .
 This is a simple traditional cribbage board . It is easy to use and it is highly durable ; it is a simple solid piece of maple . It is finished , and the natural beauty of the maple speaks for itself . This is an outstanding , simple , utilitarian , but beautiful cribbage board that will serve you well . It is affordable , and made in the USA , which is very important to me . A very good purchase .
 I have purchased three pair of these ice skates for my daughter whose foot seems to grow overnight ! My daughter is 4 years old -LRB- skates on average 8-10 hours a week -RRB- and is in our local Figure Skating Club who also competes . The Riedell 10 skate is perfect for her little -LRB- but growing -RRB- feet . They are nicely padded on the inside of the boot which make for pain-free skating . She has never complained of cold or hurting feet/ankles . I always have them sharpened when I first receive them and then again every 2 months or so . Since we store them completely dry after skating , and put them on the boot warmer before hitting the ice , I have yet to see any rust . I have been advised to move her up to the Riedell 12 when this recent pair gets too small . I highly recommend Riedell to the occassional skater or the skater who is just starting out but skates frequently .
 The Riedell Ice Skates 10 is a nice entry level figure skate that wo n't break the bank and wo n't exactly discourage your child from learning how to ice skate . Our daughter loves it and we 're sure we 'll be upgrading once she outgrows this pair but we 're expecting this pair to last at least 1 or more seasons . The padding along the ankle area is a lot better than what we 've seen when shopping for a nice entry level pair of skates . Overall , a nice entry level pair to have your child break in with .
 I bought these skates in size 2 for my 9 year old daughter . They were too snug , but fortunately , they fit my 7 year old daughter who wears size 13 in regular girls ' shoes . We have not used the skates yet , but will soon . They are beautiful and well-made .
 These ice skates are nice . They have held up great , and are wondeful quality . I will be buying the next size up this year , and I do n't feel any need to look at all the other choices .
 My daughter has been skating for a year and she 's doing free-style . This skate is a great buy at a reasonable cost . If you are not doing a lot of jumping or turning , this would work for you . If you are doing some hard stuff like a lot of jumping then you may want to find something on a higher end .
 My wife is a retired professional figure skater , so when she picks out skates for a granddaughter , she knows what she 's looking for , and this was her call as the best skate short of custom-built . Excellent value , especially when kids are growing .
 I bought these for my 7 year old daughter . She has skated many times , but is just now starting actual lessons . They were slightly uncomfortable on the first wear , but now she says they feel completely comfortable and easy to skate in . I bought the Riedell womens 115 skates and am very happy with my purchase . So comfortable and easy to skate in !
 i recieved my item in a timely manner . my daughter loves these skates and they are perfect for her new interest . they are steardy and they clean up well after use . thank you so much for all the reviews they helped me a lot when making my purchase .
 Great starter skates !! delivered promptly . . My 10 year old daughter wants to skate everyday and loves having not to rent anymore . . The only thing is the Rink recommended sharpening them . .
 I purchased this mower for use at a Pre-school . I found it at a local store and thought I would give it a try . There is nothing special about the features , as it is very basic , but the children love to push it around the playground . It has held up nicely even though it is used by a group of 12 children on any given day . I admit I did n't think it would last more than a few weeks , -LRB- I paid $ 6 for this -RRB- , but it is tougher than it appears . Time will tell in the long run , but we have had this for 5 months now and the children ages 12 months to 3 years love it . We also have the wheel barrow and a wagon from this same company .
 The lawn mower came in the wrong color -LRB- before they added the colors may very -RRB- . My son is 1 1/2 and is a great walker/runner , he is n't too interested in it yet , but my niece is 2 1/2 and comes over and pushes that thing everywhere ! I wish it was a bit heavier at least in the bottom but it 's fine .
 Purchased this after reading the online reviews here . Yes it is n't heavy duty plastic but my 15 month old granddaughter pushes and pulls it around the yard and it 's still with us ! She has n't used it a lot yet , because of the weather , but I hope to use it more this Spring . She loves to push things such as her vacuum so this is great for that ! And being all plastic I can wash it off or if left out in the rain it does n't matter . Plus it was less than 1/2 the price of the Little Tikes and works just as well !
 We bought this for my son about a year ago . He is 3 now . For 10 $ it was great ! it 's lasted this whole time and he chases the dog around with it in the back yard . He is really rough with it and it just now finally broke . The handle does separate a lot , but it 's easy to put back on . He does it himself now . The actual plastic stayed intact until today . Loved it for the price !
 We are purchasing this mower for the second time . We bought our first one seven years ago , and it has finally needed replacement . It has been used by five of our kids and their friends . Yes , it is cheap , thin plastic , but it serves its purpose ... it runs nicely through the grass . My kids have all enjoyed it , and have not cared that it does not have all of the bells and whistles of the fancy kid-mowers . It 's a kid 's toy for Pete 's sake ! Bonus ... I like that it folds up fairly flat and fits into the kids ' outside toybox with all of the other bright-colored cheap plastic kid toys they use and abuse outside .
 I bought this lawn mower for my 20 month old great-grandson and he loved it . Easy to push , has enough gadgets on it to keep him interested . It was a great price too .
 I got this for my little boy since its starting to get nice out and he needs some outside toys . He loves pushing it around and he likes that it is light enough for him to pick up . It makes clicking noises while he pushes it so it sounds like it could be running . Overall I think its a great toy . Have n't had it very long so i dont know how durable its gon na be .
 We love this toy . Bought the same mower for my five year old three years ago from a second hand store . It held up for three years -LRB- plus however long the previous owner had it -RRB- and finally gave up the ghost this past summer . Bought this one to replace the first one for my now two year old . I love it because it was inexpensive . Several reviewers have commented about the cheap plastic , it is flexible , but seems to hold up fine . Both boys have loved pushing the lawn mower inside and out . Would definitely buy it again .
 We bought this for our 18 month old grandson for Christmas , so he has not seen it yet . It is exactly as pictured and the delivery was exceptionally fast . I think he 'll have a lot of fun with it .
 This lawn mower is great . I bought it for my 18 month son and he loves it . Has n't stop playing with it since he got his hands on it . Colors do vary fortunate for me he did n't get `` girly '' colors . His was forest green and orange . When moving the mower forward it does make a little noice . It has n't took much wear yet so im not all the way sure about durability . But for the most part it is a wonderful toy . I do recommend to anyone looking to buy .
 This was just the right height for my 3yr old . There is a red `` dipstick '' to pretend to check the oil , and a red switch to turn it `` on , '' however , it does n't make any noise . My son does n't have any problems pushing it through our grass while pretending to mow . Because it 's 100 % plastic , he can wash it without ruining any parts . We 've actually had this for two summers now , and we might get a third out of it before he gets too tall.Another outdoor favorite of his is theGarden Rake Gardening Tool .
 My in-laws gave this lawnmower to my son when he was 19 months old . He loved it then , and I ca n't imagine how many miles has been put on it . He `` mows '' the lawn with his Dad every week and also uses it when I vacuum inside the house , along with many other times . Finally , more than a year later one of the wheels is coming off and we are looking for a replacement mower . We live in the south , so lawn mowing goes on virtually all year . This makes noise , but does n't have any batteries and has been amazingly durable . I would recomend it to anyone looking for a toy mower . ADDENDUM
 Got two of these mowers for my grandsons when they were about 18 months old . I am at this moment looking out my window at them playing on the lawn now shortly before their fourth birthdays , and they are delightedly mowing the lawn . In between , these mowers are their third most used outdoor toys , after their bicycles and trikes.Yes , the construction seems rally cheap It looks as though rambunctious grandsons will destroy these after a day or two of use . But in this case , looks -LRB- and feel -RRB- are highly deceiving . There are hundreds of hours of these being pushed all over the place . They love `` mowing '' the lawn , the high grass , the ground cover , everything.Far and away , these are the most fun for the money of any toy we have ever purchased -LRB- and trust me , we purchase many ! -RRB- They are so simple , yet for some reason I frankly do n't understand so incredibly appealing . They are totally safe , they encourage active play , they are cheap , they are durable , what else could you possibly want ?
 This toy was everything that I hoped for , my neighbors son enjoys this toy so very much there is not a day that goes by that he does n't play with it . He copies his father when he mows the lawn , it is so good to see , the best money I ever spent . Thank you .
 this little lawn mower , for the money , is a great buy ... it 's super light-weight , and actually rolls pretty well in the grass -- which is pretty much the whole point , is n't it ?? Great buy for so cheap !
 My son loves this ! It serves both as a vacuum cleaner and lawnmower . Just a good , cheap , durable toy , that withstands my two little boys , 11mths and 2 .
 this soap works so great my hands no longer look dirty from too much garden work . I just love it .
 I 've put this in every size racquet you can imagine including racquetball -LRB- though I think it is way better than a racquetballer needs , it was all I had -RRB- and have had no complaints , the white looks especially good on some of the darker frames . 16 gauge so it is elastic and durable , a 15 gauge would last longer but not have nearly as good a ` feel ' , a 17 gauge would have a better bite on the ball and better stretch but would n't last as long . Good all around string choice .
 This toy does n't have the lights and sounds that most other trucks have , but it did entertain my 18 month old for a considerable amount of time . He likes pulling out the tow thingy in the back and pushing it back in over and over . I 'm sure he 'll learn to actually tow things on it when he gets older . It 's a good basic truck for kids . I like it .
 We got this on clearance and had shipped to the grandparents ' house to have when we visit , and he loved it so much we almost had to bring it back home with us ! He was able to tow all kinds of different items and really loved it . It 's a very sturdy , solidly made toy and should stand the test of time and toddlers , I think -LRB- though we only had the opportunity to play with it for 3 weeks -RRB- .
 As described , easy to locate . A mother of girls buying for nephews . Was a little apprehensive , having no clue . Perfect for the boys .
 This is great for young children that want to create but ca n't handle glue or the adults do n't want to deal with glue . Love this ! Comes with two backgrounds that were attached to the book . I cut them out so each of my kids could have one . We even bought more felt and I cut our more shapes to add to the fun .
 the bells are solidly attached . they are quite loud.I use these as puppy potty training bells - much more economical than what you find in the pet section , and its not toy-looking to prevent the puppy to want to play with it .
 Purchased these for my toddler . They are great quality - nice and sturdy . Wrist strap is adjustable with velcro closure and can be sized to fit both kids and adults . Bells have a great sound . Fantastic find for the price !
 I gave this as a Christmas gift - my greatnephew loved it . That toddler loved &#34; making music &#34; all day . His older brother even wore them for a while . They jingled at every step .
 Kids love to sing Jingle Bells with REAL Jingle Bells !!! This light weight way to make Christmas singing more fun for the family was a real life saver this holiday for me . The black and silver colors make it so fun you can wear it for a night out on the town with friends to ring in the New Year . The Velcro is strong and stays put even with heavy playing . Shipping was fast , and the seller was very nice about the sale .
 I use these as doorbells for my dog to ring when she wants to go outside . If you 're looking for a quiet set of bells go elsewhere . I love that I can hear these bells upstairs , they 've held up to her occasional thrashing at them , and they look nice too .
 When I purchased these bells , I expected the bells to be smaller than they were and for them to look cheap , but I was pleasantly surpised ! They 're actually very well made . I got them to use in my homeschool music class with my 4 yr . old . The band is fastened with velcro so it 's easily adjustable and they 're large enough to be worn on the wrist or ankle and my daughter loves them !
 The workmanship is very good . I do n't like being required to give a set number of words . How enthusiastic should an adult be about a kid 's toy .
 Expensive , but great for my child . She loves being able to put her baby to bed and put the mommy in the nursery with the baby ! My child is deffidently entertained !
 Hard to find 6 '' dolls -LRB- scale 1:12 -RRB- with clothes for Loving Family sized dollhouse . These work great . They are half the size of `` Barbie-type '' . I like that they are not anatomically correct for younger kids .
 I love this little dollhouse family set . It 's sort of old-fashioned in style , which I personally love . It reminds me of such sets from thirty years ago . It 's true that they are n't the most bendable ever ; they bend with a little effort and do n't stay completely in position -LRB- I think this is a common problem with any set except perhaps plastic -RRB- . But I 'm willing to sacrifice that for how detailed and beautiful they are , compared to many of the wooden or plastic sets . Great purchase !
 the dolls are great . The only thing that frustrates my daughter is that the do not stand and they are difficult to bend . It 's so hard to find a larger sized doll for a doll house so we 're glad we at least found some for hers .
 I did like the figures - but when I was searching , the only ones available that I liked was just this family - I now see more available with a large family .
 brought this for my granddaughter that is 3 . she loved it ... for what you pay , you could give a little more .
 I bought this family to live in the Emilys dollhouse I bought for my nieces -LRB- ages 5 & 9 -RRB- . They love the family . The girls thought the best part was that all the clothes came off . I have no idea why that is such a great thing for dolls .
 The doll house family is somewhat flexible . All the joints in the body do not move.Some of the clothing - jackets - can be removed.It is wonderful that the family can be ordered in various ethnic origins .
 This family is so nice . Our 3 year old loves to take the clothes off and try to put them back on . The details of the dolls facial features and clothing are quite nice . She currently places them in her minivan and some day we will get her a wooden dollhouse so she can play with them in there as we can tell they will last her a while . I ca n't say enough about what a good buy these are !
 My husband is building our 10 year old granddaughter , Meghan , a Victorian Doll House . We were looking for sturdy , well built furniture and a family that was reasonably priced . We purchased the Family since it met all our requirements . The dolls are perfect for the house and I am sure our granddaughter will enjoy playing with them upon the doll house 's completion . The family make-up fits intoVictorian Doll Family By Melissa and Doug the rooms we are building in the house .
 My daughter was very pleased with these dolls . She loves playing with them and making them go on adventures throughout the house . They are the only dolls that we found that were not really odd looking . The only downfall is that the girl 's headband does not stay on well and we find it throughout the doll house and my daughter 's room . Overall , excellent choice for a doll house .
 My niece really loves her Melissa and Doug Doll Family . It goes great with the doll house she has .
 This is a great family for a child 's doll house . The only thing it is lacking are additional family members . I would like to purchase more `` people '' for the house and there does n't seem to be another type of family to add that go along with the look and feel of this family .
 These dolls rank the least of the accessories for the Melissa & Doug Victorian Dollhouse . All of the other accessories are very nice , high quality dollhouse items . Not your typical Toys R Us , Target or Wal-Mart toys . Our 10-Year-Old daughter loves her Melissa & Doug Victorian Dollhouse and all of the accessories that we purchased to go with it . However , the dolls leave a little to be desired . As one reviewer wrote , the dolls are not even victorian ! You 've got to have dolls , not sure of a better option .
 This is one of the few doll house figure sets that has children much less a baby . My daughter loves it and seems to play with her dollhouse more now .
 When I got my grandaughter the doll house for xmas the first thing she wanted to know ... Where are the people ??!! They 're perfect for a doll house , durable and sized right . Cute too .
 I had a difficult time finding the family that went with the Melissa & Doug Victorian dollhouse , but was able to find it from Kid Genius . I am unable to review the durability , popularity of the item with my daughter as of yet , but I can say the supplier was very helpful and prompt with delivery .
 These are smaller dolls that work well with a 2 ' x 2 ' type open walled doll house . Do note that these dolls do n't really bend or conform to different shapes . We purchased because they are dressed with dignity and not as white trash ! Enjoy .
 Having three 1:12 dollhouses I know a thing or two about dollhouse dolls . Yes , they are hard to find . This would be because years ago there actually were collector dollhouse enthusiast stores that carried from the inexpensive to the expensive . Now you have to go online or a big box craft store with limited selection . At any rate , my now 35 year old daughter went through a few sets of dolls as did my now 22 year old . They are meant for mild play . No they do n't sit `` natural '' but neither does a full sized play doll . Amazon does have a jointed set of dollhouse dolls as well and they sit somewhat better . The nature of them being a small scale leaves not much lee-way in how well they can be constructed . Dollhouse dolls are n't constructed like full sized play dolls and you ca n't expect them to be . The hair used on the girl dolls is a fiber that gets `` fuzzy '' with handling . As to the issues some have with there being too small it does state 1:12 scale . That means 1 inch to the foot , the standard for wood collector doll houses . They are not Fisher Price sized or Barbie sized . The houses that go with the latter two I consider a toy as apposed to a wood prebuilt kit or a from scratch built wood 1:12 dollhouse . The dollhouse family dolls are inexpensive enough so if your child loves playing with her dollhouse expect to buy a few families while your child still has the interest .
 This family is made to scale for most dollhouses . The clothing is well made and the hair is very realistic . The faces on the dolls have an attention to detail , not almost creepy like other sets I 've seen . A good buy !
 My daughter received a dollhouse for christmas and i was on the search for dolls for it , and came across these . I was worried they would be too small for the size dollhouse my daughter received -LRB- 5 ft x 5 ft -RRB- but they are not . They are such pretty dolls and i think the picture shows the true nature of how the dolls look . I bought other doll sets and was not happy . But i was pleased with these and will be looking for more . My 6 year old daughter loves these little dolls and they stay in the dollhouse at all times . She is very protective of them . I would highly recommend .
 well built , my kids love this family , easy to move body and fun for all ages . this family fits real well with doll houses , and is quite affordable .
 Very durable dolls . Do n't have to worry about finding arms and legs and heads to put back on them all the time . They are very durable and fun to play with . I would recommend this to anyone with little children who love to play with dolls . You wo n't have to look for pieces to the dolls anymore !
 My 2 year old really loved this family set . Great gift and was very satisfied with quality of doll and also liked bendable arms and legs .
 I got this for my niece , who 's family looks JUST LIKE THESE DOLLS ! How adorable , right ? I ca n't wait to see her open them in a couple weeks . Fast shipping !
 SO , SO ADORABLE . IT REALLY LOOK LIKE MY FAMILY AND I LIKE IT MORE THAN MY KID . IT GOES PERFECT WITH A DOLL HOUSE . I WILL HIGHLY RECOMMEND THIS PRODUCT .
 A legacy for the granddaughters to enjoy . A family to live in the rooms , a way to role play for the children .
 The dolls are cute but a little cheap looking . They will do the job for now until I can find something a little nicer . Great for the price !
 This is the cutest doll house family I found . They are very cute even in person . I just wish they could bend so you can sit them down on the chairs .
 My granddaughter wanted an entire family similar to the one she has to play with in her dollhouse . She 's 6 and this was just right for her to play make believe . They do n't stay in the dollhouse though because she puts them in her purse and takes them everywhere . They look very lifelike and have real clothes and are poseable and soft . She plays with them on car trips and enjoys taking them out at restaurants and wherever she has to wait patiently to be served or leave .
 The family I purchased for my grand daughter 's doll house are very nice . I wish there were more families , or additional children to buy to go along with them . Overall , very pleased with the doll house as well .
 this purchase was an add on to a present for my god daughter , along with the doll house she loves it and i am happy
 My 8 yr old likes them but she complains that they are n't flexible enough and i agree . Overall , I think she will still play with them .
 good value item . dolls fit nicely in the house and honestly it is the best thing you 'll find at less than $ 20 . Very pleased !
 Granddaughter loved them and since they did n't have multiple pieces to come apart , they are also safe around her 14 month old brother .
 I bought these dolls because this was the size and brand that was supposed to go with the rather large sized doll house my daughter wanted . They are cute , although not very flexible . You have to really force their arms or legs if you want to pose them , and even then they dont really stay in that position . nevertheless my daughter loves them and they are not creepy looking as I find alot of other dolls to look . I do however and maybe its just me as my daughter is not bothered by the this -LRB- yet anyways , shes only 4 -RRB- they seem rather small for the house they are supposed to go with . The house is large , and the furinute and huge and clunky style and the dolls -LRB- at least this size that is what the box recommends -RRB- seem very small .
 My niece really enjoyed this item while playing for hours with her So Chic doll house the family dolls are real like with hair and moveable arms and legs
 The dolls were made well and well detailed . They look sturdy and can stand up to my 7 year old granddaughters playing .
 I purchased this for a Christmas present for my almost 4 yr old and she loves it ! The clothes are very durable and dont come off easy -LRB- good thing for us -RRB- and they are very soft and fun . I would recommend anyone purchase these !
 My 3yr old daughter does like these dolls , even though the flexibility of the dolls , is not great for real play ! They are very adorble and look great , but we really needed something than can handle real play ! My daughter has the Playwonder Playhouse and these were also very small for it , but mostly , we wanted dolls to be more flexible . We ened up purchasing after they finally came out with really nice one 's , the Playwonder doll family -LRB- very flexible for kids play ! -RRB- .
 My daughter loves playing with the family . The mother and daughter often switch clothes , and the baby is always being rocked in her rocking chair .
 My granddaughter loves these . One is her , her mom , her sister and her dad . PERFECTLY even looks like them . . Its become a very special toy that we take very special care of . Since she is little , the coats keep coming off , but , i like how the other clothes dont come off . . and the hair does not mess up easily . I saw the other familys , asian and african american at a museum , I cant wait to be able to buy those familys for her as well ...
 Okay , I just have one question about these doll house dolls . They are called a Victorian Doll Family , although the picture -LRB- or pictures ... for some reason 2 different pictures come up for these dolls , so I am not sure which one comes if you order them -RRB- shows a man and woman and small child and baby , not in Victorian clothes . The `` other '' family shows a man and woman and small child and smaller child -LRB- not a baby -RRB- . In both cases , the little girl has on pants -LRB- not exactly Victorian -RRB- . The mother has on a plaid knee length skirt or in the other version picture , she has on a grey coat and turtle neck , but I am not sure what else she is wearing . So , how is this Victorian ? And which one comes , the woman in a plaid skirt with a baby or the woman in the turtle neck and coat and two young children -LRB- in both cases there is a dad , but in both cases , he is pretty generic looking , although not very Victorian -RRB- .
 I really like this doll set . I like how their faces and bodies look real . My daughter really enjoys playing with them . Their legs bend easily so she can manipulate them to sit down . I would recommend this product to a friend .
 I bought this doll family for my 9 year old daughter who loves to play house with Barbie and Ken . The appeal here was that they came as a `` family '' . This is hard to find . The mother and older daughter have nice hair to play with but the one drawback my daughter found was that she ca n't change their clothes . For some reason , part of their clothing is glued on . Otherwise , she loves them .
 These dolls are sweet and well made . She likes taking their jackets off and that sort of thing which is a nice feature too . My only negative comment is that they are difficult for my daughter to bend them into position . If they were a wee bit more malleable that would be helpful .
 Melissa & Doug and the little girl and baby girl are excellent for my niece to play with her dollhouse . It matched her family since she has a baby sister and is 3 years old herself . She actually has a 9 yr old brother too and 10 yr old and 7 yr old stepsisters , so we need to buy more dolls to go with it to fully represent her family . Great value for the money !
 These dolls are a perfect addition to your 1:12 scale dollhouse . They have detailed features and are bendable so they can sit at the table and in chairs .
 This Melissa and Doug family , house and accesories has a perfect value-quality toy . Its quality is pretty good and all are so cute for the girls .
 There have to be cuter sets for the young child 's dollhouse , though my granddaughter did n't seem to mind them as much as I did . They are bendable but lack a cuteness and charm that I wanted . I 'll continue looking for a sweeter set for her . She 's playing with them until then . I just did n't find them appealing .
 Great for a doll house or imaginative play even without a house . Good quality .
 This is great . It is wire based and so you can bend the legs and hands . It is something my kids love a lot .
 i bought these for my niece 's doll house . she really liked them and they go well in her doll house
 These dolls are very cute and my grandaughters really like them . However , they are billed as Victorian dolls but are dressed like a modern family .
 Well , score one for grandpa again with this doll outfit . It was a great hit for our 7 year old granddaughter . Really a well made toy .
 I gave this is a gift to a family of three sisters . They tell me that it was just what they were looking for .
 These dolls are very well made and my granddaughter is having so much fun with them in her dollhouse . The bend easily to sit and they foster imaginative play .
 These dollhouse dolls are wonderful . My 4 year-old daughter LOVES them . They are beautifully made with gorgeous clothes . Best dolls for dollhouse that I have seen !
 The dolls looked exactly like the picture and they are excellent quality like every other Mellisa and Doug product I have purchased .
 Arrived as described and shipped with free shipping no problem . Quality is good , price is right . 4 year old daughter loves to play with them with kidskraft playhouse - compatible with many doll houses . Good product/good price .
 Very cute and well made ! Arrived in perfect condition and looks realistic . Was using it for a school bulletin board and it was a huge success !
 The romance between the human race and the Vulcan race is one of the most compelling themes of the new Star Trek series , `` Enterprise . '' I use the term `` romance '' because the relationship between these two cultures is stormy to begin with , and only through the evolving teamwork of T'Pol -LRB- a Vulcan -RRB- and Archer -LRB- the human captain of the Enterprise -RRB- is something more meaningful slowly being cultivated . As T'Pol is half of the embodiment of this main dramatic theme , her action figure is an essential part of any fans collection.Art Asylum , the sculptors of the figure , have done an outstanding job -LRB- their decication to perfection included scanning in the actor 's head to render it exactly -RRB- . They used a modern soft-plastic so that her hips have no seams ; this is aesthetically pleasing but because it is fragile , this figure is best kept under glass in a display box , rather than being played with . Frankly , it and all of Art Asylum 's Enterprise figures are works of art and should be displayed as such ; you can buy window boxes at most picture frame stores.Includes extra hands -LRB- including one giving the Vulcan peace sign -RRB- and silver phaser weapon , and Vulcan tricorder . You could not ask for more . Though some feel the use of the soft plastic at the hips was a mistake , as such materials may disintegrate in time .
 Art Asylum 's initial releases under the Star Trek license are excellent pieces , be they for the collector or for play.The laser-etched figures in this line are top-notch . There are subtle things that the company has done right that some might not notice . For instance , Jolene Blalock -LRB- the actress who plays T'Pol -RRB- , has a slightly crooked jawline . Sure enough , the T'Pol figure has that same slightly crooked jawline . The Archer figure shows Scott Bakula 's features extremely well . Even the secondary characters , such as the Suliban Silik , and the Klingon retain many of the features of the actors who portray them.All in all , a quality start for the new series of collectibles .
 I 'm told by toy and game industry insiders that it 's next to impossible to get the marketing types to understand that there 's a HUGE demand for sexy figures of popular fictional female characters . -LRB- Maybe they 're like the auto industry execs at Ford and GM who keep trying to kill the Mustang , Camaro and Firebird because they do n't want to admit how popular muscle cars are , even when they 're selling well ... something about selling a type of product they are n't sure is in line with their `` O so conservative image ... anyway ... -RRB- The fact that such figures sell out in record time seems inadequate evidence to make the case and so it can be hard to find such figures in stores even short days after they hit the street . I purchased this one as a gift for someone who is one of a growing army of adult collectors of such fun figures and he loved it . If you can find it -LRB- currently unavailable -RRB- ... it 's a keeper .
 I am a fan of the star treck series and couldnot resist getting the prodect when I saw it . It arrived in good condition and very promptly so I was very pleased .
 This is a very detailed toy that is a must have for your collection . I am amazed that it looks so real . The small details on Data show real well and it 's amazing how much it looks like him and his uniform . Since this is Data 's last planned movie , it is a nice collectable to have .
 This action figure is so detailed , it looks like someone hit Brent Spiner with a shrinking ray . It is remarkable how much this looks like Data 's character . The subtle wrinkles in his uniform , the veins in his handsand even the shape of his nose and nostrils is phenomenal.His head turns left , right and bends up and down . The wrists and ankles turn , knees and elbows bend , and thighs and shoulders pivot in their sockets.You can put him in any normal pose - mine is sitting on my monitor with no concerns that he 'll topple over .
 I love this diamond figures , well done , nice price just want to get my collection commplete , I hope soon .
 When I saw this figure of Data I was pleased at how much it resembled the real actor on the show so I had to get it . It arrived on time and was just like the one I had seen and in great condition . Thanks .
 The Star Treck Action figures are three times better than the ones Playmates made . Art Asylum has done an exellent job sculpting these toys I give them a 10 of 10 GREAT JOB !!!!!!
 This is probably the easiest Impossibles puzzle I 've done , which is n't to say it is n't challenging . Like all of the others in the series , it makes you approach it differently than other puzzles . After all , with five extra pieces and no border , you do n't know if there 's a matching piece . But you end up staring at all the unfinished eggplants and saying `` Thay ca n't ALL be on the edge . `` Because of the vivid colors and multiple images , it 's a little easier to go at systematically than other Impossibles , but still harder than most standard jigsaws . -LRB- Or at least the ones that do n't have you assembling 500 pieces of undistinguishable forest , snow , or sky , which I find irritating rather than pleasantly challenging . -RRB- I highly recommend this puzzle , especially for those looking to make a first step into non-standard 2-d puzzles .
 Highly recommend this program for all LPN students . Really great , even if you ca n't do math !
 I loved this movie and this character even though the movie was hailed as a dismal failure . I am not a Trekkie , and I loved it !
 When I first saw the movie I knew I had to have the action figures.But I thought Paramount did n't have an agreement to make toys to anybody.So I went to Toys ` R'Us just to look around.And I found Captain Picard.Then I looked and looked for more figures.Then I found Data.So I looked some more and found Shinzon and his Viceroy.I only had enough money to buy three so I left the viceroy.I gave it five stars in every category because I have fun reanacting scenes from the movie.It is educational because you get to learn how long the people at Art Asylum had to work on these toys.I gave it five stars in durability because my little sister repeatedly beat it against things.There supposed to make an Enterprise-E fall 2004 . I checked on the internet and they postponed a worf for fall also.They have an agreement that there will be one ship per series , and one weapon , and at least two series of figures.I got most of this information from the 150th anniversery issue of the Star Trek Communicator.The rest is from the Art Asylum web site and various other web sites.Live long and prosper :-RRB- . Good bye
 This figurine of Shinzon is so lifelike . It really looks like the actor , Tom Hardy who portrayed him in Nemesis . His cloak is made of a soft rubbery material.The detail done to his face is also very nice . If you look properly on his face , you can see a small scar -LRB- as seen in the movie -RRB- above his lips . At first when I got this figure , I thought that it was a scratch or perhaps an unpainted part . I was wrong !! Art Asylum is doing well with their range of Star Trek toys . Keep it up !
 Mr. Wonderful . Need I say more ? He 's been unavailable for SOlong , but now , he 's back for a limited time only and with veryfew brothers , yet he can be all yours if you two `` click '' . You too can have a `` man training device '' and teach other mento be as Wonderful as he . Just press the tummy and train your man to show you some R - E - S - P - E - C - T , girl!Order now before some other woman grabs him and holds him tight !
 I bought Mr. Wonderful as a bachelorette gift for my sister . He is so funny , and sounds very exagerated ! We got many laughs from this one !
 We could not stop laughing at this toy ! Mr. Wonderful is exactly that ... and I am married to him!People Are So Different !
 I have purchased all the aciton figures and toys that Art Asylum has made since they have been doing Star Trek . They are simply the finest on the market . The attention they pay to detail is amazing.Two thumbs up for Star Trek and Art Asylum
 Though she does n't get to do much , Ensign Hoshi Sato is my favorite character on the new Enterprise . She was left out of the first series of figures , but here she is finally , albeit encased in a bulky spacesuit.Her facial sculpt is a decent likeness . But , like all these Art Asylum Trek figures so far , it seems to capture the features , but not the expressions , sorta like a `` dud '' photo . Better than 95 % of the figures this size , but just close enough to leave you wanting better.The articulation is excellent . She can stand in different positions no problem , and her hands hold the props from this series great . She 's held onto T'Pol 's communicator through some pretty demanding missions . Her removable air supply pack -LRB- not shown in Amazon 's photo -RRB- fits on perfectly . The helmet detaches from it , again perfectly.I would have preferred Hoshi in her uniform -LRB- or maybe in her decontamination outfit ;-RRB- , but this is such a nicely done toy I ca n't complain .
 Though she does n't get to do much , Hoshi is my favorite character on the new Enterprise . She was left out of the first series of figures , but here she is finally , albeit encased in a bulky spacesuit.Her facial sculpt is a decent likeness . But , like all these Art Asylum Trek figures so far , it seems to capture the features , but not the expressions , sorta like a `` dud '' photo . Better than 95 % of the figures this size , but close enough to just leave you wanting better.The articulation is excellent . Her hands hold the props great ; what a rare treat ! She 's held onto her communicator through some pretty demanding missions . Her removable air pack fits on perfectly . The helmet detaches from it , again perfectly.I would have preferred Hoshi in her uniform , but this is such a nicely done toy I ca n't complain .
 Identical to the Elenco resistor substitution box , but with a changed faceplate . The PCB is identical , so the capacitors are labeled R1 , R2 , ... , and the pin spacing is more appropriate for a resistor . Some of the capacitors are slightly too tall for the design , and get squished a little bit in assembly . For more details , see reviews of the resistor box , since it 's the same product .
 As was said previously , this kit uses the same circuit board as the resistor substitution box kit . As a result , bending the leads of the capacitors to fit the holes meant for resistors was a bit of pain , but not overly difficult . Other than this , assembling the kit is fairly straightforward -LRB- you have to know how to solder , of course -RRB- and is functional and useful when built .
 I puchased this item to use when modifying guitar amplifiers , and it works great . It was a fun kit to build as well . I would recommend this kit to anyone that needs to try different value capacitors in a circuit . If I could change anything about this kit , I would have made the capacitance value range a lot broader ; like 10pF to 10uF .
 A nice unit for the hobbyist electronic , I 've used it many times on my breadboard for testing purposes . It was another fun and simple kit to build .
 Bought this as a kit . It assembled very easily . The directions were well written . Finished product looks good and is excellent .
 It 's your Basic sub box.Step by step check off instructions , all parts are mounted on aclearly marked silk screened PC board for easy assembly.Project is suitable for beginners . Instructions are excellent.Adequate range of values for hobbyist , experimenter or tech . school .
 It obviously needs assembly , as it is called a `` kit '' and it clearly states in the product description that is is not assembled . Assembling it is rather enjoyable , and really , if you 're unable to assemble this kit , you have no business using it . -LRB- Really -- if you ca n't assemble a simple PCB , what would you use it for ? -RRB- If I were design it , I 'd have a different range of capacitance . It works well , and had a broad range . As the other reviewers have said , it makes testing how different capacitances effect a circuit a snap .
 When it comes to Star Trek toys , AA -LRB- not the AA you are thinking of -RRB- is the king ! Malcolm Reed looks amazing and is actually shorter when standing next to the Archer action figure , so the realism is very detailed . I ca n't say that the face is 100 % , but it does look close . Overall , whether you are a Trek fan or especially a fan of ENT , you need this in your collection !
 For starters , the detail is incredible ! In my opinion , these toys that Art Asylum have made are far superior to anything Playmates ever produced . As everyone knows , the sculptors created the figures using scans taken from the actor 's faces which creates a very accurate look . Then , the uniforms , which are made of a soft plastic , that almost feels like rubber conceal the figure 's joints underneath . Though this is neat , it is possible that too much rough play could cause the uniform to rip . Another thing that adds a nice touch are the accessories included with the figure . Malcom Reed comes with 2 Phase Pistols -LRB- again , incredible detail , a communicator , closed scanner , and a carrying case which holds the 2 included weapons . Also included is a display stand , and Art Asylum 's Seal of authenticity -LRB- the coin that people always mention . I would not recommend this for young children , but older kids and collectors WILL NOT be dissapointed !!!
 Art Asylum is phenomenal ! If you have never owned an Art Asylum action figure , you owe it to yourself to have one you can call your own . More than just an action figure , but a true piece of artwork . All joints move like they do on a real human being . The wrists turn , the elbows bend , the shoulders pivot . The hips pivot , knees bend and ankles turn . The head can turn left or right AND bend down or up - all in life-like realism.In the package , Archer 's helmet is a separate item , but it attaches easily and the rubber hoses connect to sockets in the back of his life support pack.The pack is removeable by undoing rubber-like latches under his arms . The belt straps on his thighs are even adjustable . This looks like one of those one-of-a-kind items created for the cast or producers - not something affordable for fans . Exquisite detail .
 Length :
 This is a great toy . I 'm a toy collector , and a Star Trekkie . This is show-accurate , to the extreme . The hoses do n't stay very definetly , but they can be made to stay with some work . Very nice , and totally worth the money I paid .
 Captain Jonathan Archer is lookin ' good in this action figure . It is well detailed and articulated . I gave this to my grandson who is a StarTrek fan and he loves it .
 Art Asylum has simply out done themselfs on this one . All the Away Team figures are the best toys on the planet ! Sculpts , durablility attention to detail is astounding.Buy it while you can .
 My son received this puzzle as a gift when he was just 26 months . He loved it so much and played with it all the time . He knew all his letters when he received this toy , but it helped to reiforce them . Unfortunatley , even though this is a very educational toy , it has some big problems . The letters in the puzzle appear to be painted on , they are not ! The letters have a sticker GLUED on , not painted as it appears in the picture . Needless to say after little hands play with them for a while , the sticker peels off and you are left with a bare piece of wood . Next , the wood is of very poor quality and has some jagged edges . The last point is not all pieces fit very well in their spot . It is such a shame because the concept is great and it is very educational just very , very poorly made . I would recommend taking a look at the puzzle in Toys r us first or any Imaginarium store to get a good look at the quality . Personally , we had to dispose of this puzzle and bought the Alphabet Art Puzzle from Lights Camera Interaction . Much Better .
 This puzzle is made of wood and the letters are very colorful that attracts my tot 's attention . I brought it only 2 days ago and I start teaching him the alphabet . He already learned 2 letters as I am teaching him a letter a day . The beautiful part is you can use the letters independently without the board . Also , after removing a letter , you 'll see a picture of an item which started with that letter . very educational ! Excellent teaching tool !!
 I got this puzzle and the big knob geometric puzzle for my 21 month old twin daughters because their other 3 piece puzzles were no longer challenging , but they really liked them . This puzzle is good quality but not excellent quality . The letters do not have knobs , but they are not hard to get out because the places where they go are shallow . As a result , the letters fall out easily if the puzzle is tipped -LRB- which means cleaning them up a lot -RRB- . The letters have pictures under them for each letter , though I would have chosen different words for some of them . My girls already knew all their letters before I bought this puzzle , but it is great for reinforcing them !! They can pick up a letter and name it . You can also do colors as well , though there are only 4 colors . If they chew on the letters , the colored coating will scratch off . It is great for fine motor skill as well and hand eye coordination -- trying to get the letters in the right way . I would recommend this puzzle . My girls have really enjoyed it .
 My son started with this puzzle just before his 2nd birthday and now just 4 weeks after his birthday , he already knows all the letters and the sounds they make.I agree with the other posters that some of the images under the letters could have been more thoughtout . A for Airplane and J for Jet is confusing . L has a Ladybug on a Leaf ... but still not really concrete . W for wagon , but there is also a horse in the picture ... Issues like this can be overlooked because of the quality of the puzzle however.Overall , I think it 's a great starting tool for ABCs .
 TheLarge Wooden See Inside ABC 26-piece Puzzleis an educational tool to help toddlers identify with the alphabet letters . When my grandson removes a letter , he finds a picture that allows him to identify the object with the alphabet . This also allows him to pronounce the name of the object and increase his vocabulary . Also the alphabet allows him to familiarize himself with the appearance of the letters so he can write them .
 This looks cool up front , but some of the letters are cut out asymmetrically so they only go in the puzzle one way - very frustrating for a 3-1/2 old . Examples
 my 2 yar old loves putting these togther and learned his abc 's thanks to this puzzle ... goodbuy all mothers should get it
 My 20 month old loves this ... shes been playing with it since it arrived . its not the best quality but it serves the purpose .
 This puzzle gives great shapes/pictures to help make the letter learning more fun . It keeps my 4-year old 's attention and he is starting to associate shapes and sounds of the letters . For example , he now says `` K for keys , mom '' or `` Curvy S for Socks and Shoes '' or `` Zig Zag Z for Zebra '' . Well worth the price .
 Bear in mind that my toddler is only 20 months old.I bought to give him a tangible experience of the alphabet and also teach him it . Its intended as a `` grow with me '' puzzle in my case . I think it 's a great buy and I see it being around for years to come .
 This is a great wooden puzzle for my students . I teach mentally handicapped adults and some of them are so low functioning that working on puzzles are just a few of the things they can do well .
 Daughter with Autism loves this product . The pieces are very sturdy and large enough for her to use . Highly recommend this product to parents with children on the Spectrum .
 This is another great wooden puzzle from Melissa and Doug . It 's an excellent way to begin your children on letters and to teach them to appreciate the quality of real materials.All of the letters lift up to reveal a picture of an object that starts with that letter . It 's essentially the same concept as early alphabet books , but you can make it into a game -LRB- pick a letter out of a bag and you must say an object that starts with that letter before placing it in the puzzle -RRB- and encourage its use in solo play . Wonderful !
 This puzzle has lived through three children ! All of them have enjoyed playing , and learning with this toy . It is very durable , and easy to use . The letters fit in their places with ease . Good for little fingers , and bigger ones as well . The pictures behind the letters are clear , and easy to interpret . I highly recommend this puzzle ! Your children will enjoy learning their ABCs with this toy .
 My daughter received this puzzle when she was 15 months old . She can put all the pieces in the right place , name all the letters , and name all the pictures underneath the letters . She is 18 months old now and will sit and do it 5 or 6 times in a row . It sure does keep her still and quiet !
 Spent great time with my son with this toy.Some pieces got lost during the toddler years , and the boy often put the pieced in his mouth causing it to lose its paper coatings . But we had great time together .
 At 18 months , my son knew his alphabet thanks to this puzzle . We have 4 other puzzles from this manufacturer and this is his favorite . He loves puzzles and quickly masters them so we keep buying them . We also let him watch Wheel of Fortune and he calls out letters as Vanna turns them . He spells out letters on books , cereal boxes and tee shirts . These real life examples demonstrates that he can distinguish the puzzle from the real world . We play mind challenging games with our son daily !
 I got this back when my son was only about 9 months old to supplement my home-made flashcards & the educational videos . I did n't take out the plastic at that time since I know he 'd just eat them . I just let him point out the letters besides the alpha blocks that he 's also learning from . To make a long story short , my son 's mastered the alphabet at 14 months old -LRB- & to think he was 5 wks preemie when he was born -RRB- both the upper and lower case letters and all the letter sounds . Also , the main thing that made him extremely excited and interested are the animals behind the letters since he 's familiar with all of them . Now at 18 months and with a vocabulary of over a hundred , he 's reading the words that he used to know by recognition only . He can actually read now and builds the words using the letters on this puzzle . It 's cheap but learning with it lasts a lifetime ! Great buy indeed !
 I purchased this recorder for my 9 year old daughter to use in her school . After taking it to school a lot of her friends wanted one . The colors are great and the quality of the recorder is perfect . She has dropped it a few times and the paint has not chipped . It is a two piece which makes it very easy to clean . We have had the recoder for about 5 weeks and is in good condition . The sound is clean and clear . A lot of wooden recorders are a bit too pricey . I am looking foward to buying a few more to give as gifts . I absolutely love it !
 Terminal tracks are required for any model train . These will also &#34; re-reail &#34; cars that are slightly off the rails . I hid mine in tunnels . -LRB- Using more than one terminal track insures a good electrical feed ! -RRB- More than one re-railer is also useful!E - Z Track blows away anything I ever had as a kid . N Scale is pretty small 1:160 , about half the size of HO so having track that connects easily and stays together is absolutely necessary ! This track is great !
 Well needed and used rerailer that is perfect for my set . Keeps the train on track . I have two as again it does a great job and avoids me doing it when the cars get mis-aligned .
 My grandchildren loved this puzzle . And so did I . We spent many happy hours with it and I thoroughly recommmend it .
 As much as I am a huge Trekkie , I must give this a bad review . Though it is unrealisticly realistic , the turtleneck collar began to cripple only a week after purchasing . I believe that the other members of the NEMESIS line up by ART ASYLUM is somewhat superior to this toy .
 Like the title states , this version of Capt. Jean-Luc Picard is the best to date . I bought one recently and was amazed . The likeness of actor Patrick Stewart is dead-on . The uniform is well done with the stretchable material around the neck . The material is that of the uniforms in the ENTERPRISE line . Art Asylum did a great job on this figure . It comes with a problem though . Mine did n't have the best uniform paint job , and paint is flaking of off the rubbery sections around the waist . Also his Starfleet communicator pin was n't completely painted . Overall , Art Asylum is making a great product and the best Picard to date , and I am eager to purchase Lt. Cmdr. Data from this line . I ca n't wait untill Art Asylum makes a complete line of Next Generation figures . Once the make a Cmdr. Riker figure , I 'll be happy .
 Art Asylum did a pretty good job when they made Nemesis Picard . It is true that it does n't look 100 % like Patrick Stewart , but it is close enough to tell it is him . Once again , not as detailed as Data when it comes to appearance , but he is stil worth having in your collection .
 Truly better than any other action figure of Picard , Art Asylum dropped the ball on this action figure . This is not the quality one has grown to expect from the original bar-raisers in this industry . Yes , his wrists twist , his knees , elbows & ankles bend , his shoulders & hips pivot and his neck turns and bends ... but he looks like a cadaver.Remember the poor mortician job they did on Saddam Hussein 's sons for the media ? That 's what they did w / Picard ... he looks like he died , got embalmed , then put in an upright position for photographs . Does it look like Jean-Luc ? Yes ! But a dead Jean-Luc ! I ca n't explain it ... perhaps it 's the fallow look to his cheeks or the way it looks like his shoulders are slumped , but he does n't have the same look of life as the other Star Trek characters done so artfully by Art Asylum.Still , it 's the best you can get shy of buying Patrick Stewart ... and so far , Amazon has n't been offering the British actor for sale . : - -RRB-
 I do n't know what the the guy above me is talking about ! This is the most realistic portrayal of Picard ever ! It makes the Playmates toys look like lego figures ! This figure won the most realistic award from Toyfare -LRB- the leading action figure magazine . Art Asylum has breathed new life into Star Trek from the stale toys that Playmates put out .
 I was looking for a variety of Easter bunnies , and this one -LRB- with a singing chick in an egg that opens -RRB- was one I had seen before but I was having a hard time finding it this year . It is a delightful Easter bunny -LRB- and singing chick -RRB- to brighten up some child 's day . On/off switch on the bottom , and squeeze a foot to play . It plays a variation of Rockin ' Robin , with the chick doing the chorus -LRB- twiddley dee dee , ... -RRB-
 I just got the Archer And Reed figures and they are very nice figures !! Comeing with many acceseries and items . May not be for small kids but is great for slightly older kids . And for the collecters these are probably the nicest figures from the star trek series ever !
 Art Asylum 's work on Star Trek has given us the best Star Trek toys to date . The sculpting , paint , and creativity put into this toy go far beyond what any previous maker has done . This shows in the uncanny likeness to the actors in the series and the high level of detail on the included accessories . Collectors of Star Trek and well made action figures in general will love this . Unfortuneately , to those not familiar with the Enterprise T.V. show they will be little more than a bunch of folks in variations of the same blue jumpsuit . Also , Art Asylum used a soft plastic material on the waist of these figures to hide the hip articulation . This has met criticism because paint peels off the material easily , and on some figures the material is misaligned . If you 've seen these on the pegs , you 'll know what I mean . This problem is significantly reduced on more recent production runs . This figure is great for collectors who display their items , but not for kids who 'll expect miles of play usage .
 I 've been collecting Star Trek figures for awhile now but none of them look this good . The figure looks just like Scott Bakula and I mean it 's a dang good likeness of him . Anyway Jonathan Archer was in command of the NX-01 Enterprise and has a strong dislike or distrust of Vulcans . The figure comes with a Communicator , Scanner -LRB- Tricorder -RRB- , A Stand , Phase Pistol and an extra set of hands ... for some reason . If you 're a collector and enjoy collecting Star Trek characters , get this figure right away , it 's really a nice figure for collectors .
 If you 're a Star Trek fan , it 's a must have for your collection . Following the Big Bang Theory 's advice , I 'm keeping mine `` mint in box . ''
 I , for one , am impressed with the Archer toy . I only have it for show purposes , so I ca n't speak for those who play with it , but it is perfect . I have it out of the box as well , but I have n't had any troubles with paint coming off . I do n't usually touch it . So , overall , it is a good display and worth having for Enterprise fans .
 Product arrived as described . Fast service . Good quality . Very comfortable product.Product colors have not faded or bled . Would order again .
 But that 's okay . The figure pictured above is actually the main `` villain '' from the movie , named Shinzon.After being blown away by the movie , I had had a passing thought of collecting the action figures , but I never really said `` I 'm going to do it '' because from my experience , movie action figures never really look much like the actors they 're supposed to portray.However , as I was doing Christmas shopping for my older sister who is an avid Star Trek fan , I came across the Shinzon figure and what immediately grabbed me was the how closely the action figure resembled the actor ! As a result , I ended up buying Jean-Luc Picard for my sister and Shinzon for myself.Here 's my yays ! :1 -RRB- They DO look like the actors - very much so ! 2 -RRB- Their bodies are jointed so you can pose them quite a bit3 -RRB- They are sturdy-madeAnd nays ! :1 -RRB- The paint job for the most part is really meticulous and detailed , however , the manufacturer could have been a little more careful with the hands ... 2 -RRB- The figures are sturdy , but I 'd still be careful of the handsAnd if you let your imagination fly , this toy can be quite educational ! ^_^ Overall , 5 stars all around !
 But that 's okay . The figure pictured above is actually the main `` villain '' from the movie , named Shinzon.After being blown away by the movie , I had had a passing thought of collecting the action figures , but I never really said `` I 'm going to do it '' because from my experience , movie action figures never really look much like the actors they 're supposed to portray.However , as I was doing Christmas shopping for my older sister who is an avid Star Trek fan , I came across the Shinzon figure and what immediately grabbed me was the how closely the action figure resembled the actor ! As a result , I ended up buying Jean-Luc Picard for my sister and Shinzon for myself.Here 's my yays ! :1 -RRB- They DO look like the actors - very much so ! 2 -RRB- Their bodies are jointed so you can pose them quite a bit3 -RRB- They are sturdy-madeAnd nays ! :1 -RRB- The paint job for the most part is really meticulous and detailed , however , the manufacturer could have been a little more careful with the hands ... 2 -RRB- The figures are sturdy , but I 'd still be careful of the handsAnd if you let your imagination fly , this toy can be quite educational ! ^_^ Overall , 5 stars all around !
 My 4 y/o son loves it ! It has also helped him with the basic math skill of adding to 5 . He always says `` I have two pieces , I need three more '' , etc. . I also do n't mind playing with him , unlike so many other games for preschoolers !
 Purchased his game for my daughter for her 3rd birthday -LRB- it had a princess theme -RRB- . She is now 5 and still enjoys playing this game . Educational in that she started to learn her numbers at an early age and it helped build memory skills . It has a good theme . Game pieces are durable and easy to handle .
 Design genius . The puzzle is a sensory delight
 I loved this puzzle the minute I went on to this site and found it . It is high in teaching kids dexterity , hand-eye coordination , working with phonics , matching pictures to their background , and learning the alphabet . I love it because there are no pieces to get lost . It will be enough to challenge my 3 year old and as she grows with it ; it will be enjoyable to do it . She loves puzzles but I was never able to bring them into the car because the pieces are never attached . This one is different and will definitely be going on vacations , grandma 's , and to the doctor 's office . I also like the fact that it is 2 different puzzles . They can flip to the other side and they still have to figure the puzzle out . This puzzle is a class act all the way . Makes a great gift !
 I bought this for my wife . She has become the hit at all of of nephews , nieces and grandchildren 's parties . The price seemed a little steep however , after using it dozens of times it was a very wise investment indeed ! WE LOVE AMAZON.COM !
 If you want a better deal , buy this on ebay Not only is it less expensive but the shipping is free . Great product and an excellent choice for both the professional and the laymen .
 product is great , paints work great , still learning how to work the colors , but it 's easy . if you have painted anything it will be easy . if you have n't it 's easy enough to learn , just common sense on how to layer things . the colors are bright , works easy with just a small amount of water . and it washes off easy enough .
 I needed this product within 5 days and I actually received it in 4 days . The only complaint I have is the system told me it was scheduled to come in 12 days so I had to cover myself and find some product before that date . I wish the system was a little more truthful about the dates . I understand the need to be cautious with shipping dates , but it does nothting to help plan ahead . Now that I know I can rely on the company to send quicker than projected dates .
 I bought this for my 7 yr old daughter for Christmas . We have had fun playing it . She likes feeling grown up and `` shopping '' . You can use your own store ads to go `` shopping '' to give a change to the game . It teaches how to read ads , and shop for the best price .
 My boys started hitting off the tee by their grandparents ' house out in Pennsylvania and love it . When we go to the golf course they did n't have much selection for kids so I thought why not get them their own for Christmas . They love them . My older is 8 and the clubs are fine and he has room to grow into them . My younger is five and although the clubs say 5-12 they were still a little big but workable.Very happy with the product for its price .
 My son so so pleased to get his own golf set and it 's such great quality.The bag is durable and you can even purchase more clubs and they will fit in the bag.This is a great product for any girl or boy who enjoys golf . And the best part is that you can go golfing together .
 Kids loved it . An old fashioned toy that is still very interesting to children . They enjoyed it very much on Christmas day .
 First , I won the 3 place at an annual contest of plastic model with this babe !! It is very well injected . I did n't have to make any great ajustments . It was only needed my skills !!
 What you see is what you get . I bought it for my wife because it was her first car 35-40 years ago . Excellent reproduction .
 What they started with the `` Broken Bow '' series , Art Asylum carries through on . With the figures in the `` Away Team '' series , they 've again crafted an excellent likeness , in this case of Jolene Blalock 's T'Pol -LRB- complete with slightly crooked jawline -RRB- . The environmental suit look excellent as well . I ca n't wait for their next mission .
 This action figure is highly detailed and excellent to have on display . I received Commander T'Pol action figure within the stated time frame . I am happy with my investment and service . I am unclear as to the `` educational value '' of this toy , however , I am happy to have it in my collection ... and in the end ... that 's probably what matters most !
 Works well , but the DX7 does not balance via its strap lug . A trip to the hardware store for an eye loop and some nuts and washers and you can fix it !
 First , this item is classified as a toy but it 's really not . That being said , type item is well made , and fairly easy to adjust . One thing that confused me is how it 's supposed to be adjusted ... I made the mistake of removing the clips that allow you to adjust the strap 's height . I do n't know if I got it back together properly , but it works very well for what it 's worth . It feels good around the neck and the clip that attaches to the transmitter itself is very solid . Highly recommended !
 If you 've been holding your transmitter while flying , you 're not doing yourself any favors . Why ? Because holding it prevents you from relaxing your hands and focusing on the controls , as well as allowing you to have a good hand placement , which will let you manipulate the toggle switches more efficiently.Welcome
 I got the package fine . The neck strap was actually thicker and of higher quality than I expected ! It makes flying more enjoyable and practical to have your hands free . I though that I was never going to buy one , but when you start flying and walking , launching , relaunching the plane , it makes sense to have one . thanks !
 The quality is good . The strap is wide and comfortable . Ca n't go wrong .
 The Vahki is great , but has a few basic flaws . One is that it is kind of hard to turn it into the `` spider '' form and get it to look cool , not stupid . But other than that it is a pretty flawless toy .
 The Vahki are realy cool toys . I spent a lot of my free time to build different models . I 'm a big fan of Bionicle , and almost all the Bionicle sets .
 This bionicle is great ! The toy , even fom the cover , gives a menacing look and the figure itself is awsome especially for a boy . It 's got two hook-like extremities protruding from the mouth that look like fangs . Bordahk holds two water razors that are easy to pose in cool positions unlike previous Bionicle sets . According to Bionicle , the Bordahk can possess Ga-metru matoran to do whatever they need . An Excellent assesst to any collectors set .
 When I first heard of the Vahki in 2004 , I was extremely excited to try them out for myself . The color scheme , weapons , and unique design caught my attention in the blink of an eye.As Lego Bionicle VAHKI Figure # 8615 Bordakh -LRB- Orange Cap -RRB- is a 2004 Bionicle , it had what I like to call the `` disc gimmick '' . What this means is that Bordakh can launch discs from its mouth simply by squeezing its disc holder . I 'm also very pleased to say that the disc holder has almost no chance of letting go of the disc if you do n't want it to.Because 2004 focused mainly on the `` disc gimmick '' not enough thought OR effort was placed into the `` gear gimmick '' . In Bordakh 's back is a tube that you can twist -- resulting in Bordakh 's upper body to move . The problem with this is that it looks completely stupid ; how will Bionicles hurt their enemies by twisting their torsos?In this last paragraph will I explain one of the best gimmicks the Vahki had to offer
 With the Vahki Lego tried to do to much the duel pose is cool yet looks silly in some ways . Also the Kanoka Disk Launcher in the mouth is way to random and still dose n't work well . This set has alot bigger parts which is very nice but make it harderto pose . This is still a very nice set and I recemend to buy it or any of the Vahki .
 A great board game for introducing the stock market to kids . Its not an overly complicated game to play , and it provides the kids with a positive introduction to how the market works . Actually , this might also be good for some adults as well albeit , that is for another discussion not here . This would be a great gift for anyone who has friends who have kids from age ranges
 I bought this for my nephew and he loves playing it . It is educational and fun .
 I bought this as a gift for someone else , and she really like it . Since she likes huskies , enjoyed this and added it to the collection she now has .
 My -LRB- now -RRB- 5 year old has been wanting to be a guitar player just as her dad is-I happened to see this about a week before her 5th birthday-it was the last one in the store-so I grabbed it . I am very glad that I did-she ABSOLUTELY LOVES IT !!!!! My 3 1/2 year old also loves it , it fits perfectly in both of their hands . It came with 2 or 3 extra strings , a guitar strap , a pink pick and a zippered carring case . All day long she is strummin ' away at it.....ahem-guess next I should buy her a set of guitar lessons if I want to stay sane . It is a real guitar , just a smaller version for kids . Beautifully constructed . The first few times of trying to tune it the strings will get out of tune because they are brand new and will stretch out of tune , but that will be solved after a few times of your child playing it . A total recommended toy .
 My daughter is 6 y/o and wanted a `` guitar '' for christmas . I searched and found several different types of guitars but they were toy guitars with no real music appreciation value . This guitar is `` real '' guitar quality and my daughter said it all when she opened her gift . `` It 's a real guitar , Mommie '' !!!
 She wanted a guitar for her b-day and she loves it ! She plays and sings songs to us and lullabies to her little brother . It is so cute and I would recommend this guitar to any little girl !
 MY 6 YEAR OLD DAUGHTER LOVES THIS GUITAR SHE WAS SO HAPPY TO GET A GUITAR AND ESPECIALLY THIS ONE BECAUSE IT IS BARBIE AND IT IS AS CLOSE AS THE REAL THING AS YOU ARE GOING TO GET FOR A KID.LOVE IT ...
 This is a great first guitar for young `` wannabee '' musicians . My five year old loves it and plays `` band '' with her younger sister , who has the Barbie Piano . Only negative thing is it did n't come with instructions and I ca n't figure out how to install the strap.Other than that I highly recommend it !
 I 've always wanted to play an instrument ever since mid Kindergarten.So I looked on Amazon.com typed in `` Guitars '' in `` Search '' and got Barbie Acoustic Guitar `` So I may want to buy this product.But I 'm not saying yes , I 'm saying mostly no but I might wan na take a wack at it .
 CUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTE !!! 1IF IM GETTING ONE GUTIR FOR CHISTMAS DAD SAID SO !!! IF I PAINTED IT I WILL BE THIS COLER !!!!!!!!!! ps i dont belve santa
 Cute design . Nice paper . I ca n't say how well it works on walls . I used it as decoration for a baby shower . It was really hard to find classic pooh decorations -LRB- or anything else for that matter -RRB- , so I used pieces of this as a kind of table runner . worked great !
 I really love this classic pooh border . It goes nicely with my Classic Pooh comforter set and valance . The colors are soft and subtle and the installation was easy . Very pleased .
 So cute and very easy to put up ! I saved a few dollars buying it here and it arrived quickly . Highly recommend !
 We ordered this border for our nursery . It was very easy to apply and was the perfect pattern . One thing to keep in mind -- if you want to match the pattern the whole way around , you may have to cut a few inches -LRB- 6 - 12 -RRB- off of each roll before you start applying it , so order accordingly .
 This has got to be one of the cutest things Hasbro has ever released , especially in the My Little Pony collection ! Just like the other so soft baby ponies , Pretty Powder giggles when her front foot is pressed , and will `` slirp '' from a bottle , hiccup , and yawn . -LRB- The sounds are great too -- very clear so there 's no mistaking what they are ! -RRB- She 's educational since little ones can care for her by feeding her and changing her removable diaper . She 's exclusive for her color -LRB- a kind of almost neon fuscia with bright magenta , pink , and white hair -RRB- and she comes with a fabric head band . Kid 's should love her for varying baby noises , collectors ought to love her for her unique look and the fact these were n't around when us 20-somethings were young !
 My 3 year old loves this toy . She plays with it almost everyday . The bottle is a big hit too : -RRB-
 my daughter asked for piano she is 7 years old.then i saw this paino.i made her wait to last to open cause she would be bugging us constantly till we got it together.but she opened it and she was jumping ip and down.and been paying with it.i got the barbie guitar to go with it.this so cute for a little girl.and it isnt so big . so it doesnt take up alot of room.thumbs up !!
 My daughter received this toy as a gift for her 3rd birthday and she loves it ! She plays with it everyday . I have a one year-old son who likes to try to play with it too . He pushes it around the house and it has stood up to his `` bullying '' and has stayed sturdy . Seems to me this toy will stay around for a long time ! I think it 's absolultely wonderful !
 my 5 year old cousin recieved this for chistmas and so far it has proved quite sturdy Iam14 and i am currently71 pound and this `` flimsy '' piano has not even wobbled , hmmm i wonder why ?
 My granddaughter has tons of fun with this piano , much to her mother 's dismay ! It does have a nice tune when its not being pounded on . But it can take alot of abuse and still sound great . That 's the best thing about it.The most annoying thing about it is the unsturdy legs ! We 've only had it for about two years , and it seems as if the legs will fall off anyday now.The paint on the bench was easily scratched up as well.But overall , my granddaughter LOVES it , and that 's enough for me !
 santa brought this to our 3yr old daughter , who had said she wanted one for christmas for months . On christmas morning our daughter eyes were dancing with delight to see her wish was granted . It is perfect for her as it is not very big at all and it was easily put together . She has played away on it since and it is not an over bearing noise . Great to see the little song book with it . Over all we are delighted that we went ahead and bought it and she will be able to have fun for years out of it . Wonderful gift .
 I BOUGHT THIS THINKING IT WAS A 1:25 LIKE ONE OF MY TRUCK I BOUGHT Revell 1:25 Peterbilt 359 Conventional Tractor BUT WHEN IT ARRIVE IT WAS ALMOST THE SIZE OF Revell 1:32 Kenworth T600A . I DO N'T UNDERSTAND WHAT DO THEY MEAN NOW BY 1:25,1:32 1:24 . THEY FOOL YOU IN HERE AND CAUSE YOU ORDER IT WHO WANT THE TROUBLE OF RETURNING IT . ABOUT THE Revell 1:25 Hummer H2 I LIKE IT EVEN DO I GOT FOOL BY THE SIZE . IT COME WITH LOT OF PART LIKE 60 PART . EVEN SPEAKER AND AMPLIFIER . THE ONLY 2 THING I HATE THE MOTOR IS BUILT IN SO U CAN DETAIL AND THEY LIED ABOUT THE SIZE . . I GIVE IT A 3 ONLY CAUSE THEY LIED OF BEING 1:24 WHEN IS A 1:32 I HOPE REVELL GET THERE MEASUREMENT RIGHT . . I HOPE THIS HELP YOU KEEP BUILDING TILL YOU REACH MY AGE 45 . NEVER TOO OLD FOR FUN . .
 Purchased for nephews Christmas present . They love them ! Especially when they have big brother/little brother competition . Safe and durable . Worth the money .
 This model went out of production at Revell USA some years ago , along with most of their once-extensive sailing ship line , so it was a nice surprise while web-searching to find Revell Germany carrying about two-thirds of the old collection . If you have fond memories of building these kits 30-40 years ago , here 's a great opportunity to share them with history-minded nephews , nieces or grandchildren . -LRB- Yes , there are some out there , whatever Revell USA thinks . -RRB- Professional packing and speedy shipping .
 I purchased this kit as a Christmas gift for my dad , who happens to be an avid fan of both C. S. Forester and Patrick O'Brian , with a casual interest in British naval history . This is the first model kit that anyone in my family has purchased , so I was n't quite sure what to expect , especially because the descriptive blurb online -LRB- and the actual box itself -RRB- does n't give many details.The kit comes with a set of plastic pre-molded parts , including the sails , and thread for the rigging . A thin booklet of instructions in six or so different languages comes in the box . The kit does not include glue , paint , or brushes , so all of those items have to be purchased separately -LRB- and some of the paint colors are difficult to find , so you may have to improvise -RRB- . This kit is not a complex or difficult one to assemble , which makes it a perfect fit for what I wanted -- but for avid modelers or enthusiasts who want a high-quality product , this is probably not the one for you .
 I am very happy with the model I received . It is well worth the money spent . I ordered it to build as a valentine gift for my husband . I have very limited experience with building models - so this was quite challenging . In fact , I am still working on it and it is almost a week past the holiday . It is very detailed and does require a lot of paint , glue and patience . As with any plastic model - some pieces were bent or had extra plastic from the mold . That is to be expected . I think my kit was missing only one minor piece . The company I purchased from shipped quickly and the box came in great shape . All in all , I am very happy . I think my husband will be happy too , once I finish . Maybe it will be a father 's day gift instead .
 Our four-year-old has no problem with this television . We went with Little Tikes due to their reputation of durability . We were pleased to find that this t.v. is just as high quality and durable as their other toys . -LRB- ... -RRB- Our children LOVE the easy BIG red on and off button . Even our 15-month-old can turn it off -LRB- which has it 's pluses and minuses ... -RRB- So far , so good!We just wish the DVD was built in with the television , instead of having to make an additional purchase . But , knowing we are getting a great Little Tikes product - is worth the extra bucks !
 We purchased this TV on clearance even with shipping all the way to Alaska it was only $ 55.00 total , a great deal , the Tv works great ! its heavy and well made , It is purple , so maybe not for a boys room ? I am thinking of buying another for my other daughter ! I gave it 5 * 's for eduactional value because of all the educational shows and games we can enjoy on it , and same for Fun !
 This was one of the best deals I ever got on Amazon.com ! It is still working and the quality is beyond some of other manufactures .
 At the closeout price , it does the job as an extra TV . Do n't forget , it 's purple.Which is cool .
 Really cute TV , great price for $ 35 on sale . It is definately a blue and npot a purple like others have said . I use it in my sons room and he loves it ! Kid friendly remote too !
 I love the T.V. ... . it 's great ... Looks great in her pink and purple room . And under 40.00 what a great buy !!!! I 'm glad I got it !!!!
 too much for shipping , puts the good price of the item too high overall .
 This plane was incredibly easy and fun to assemble . Once I had the servos and necessary radio gear everything went together quickly . As for flight , the Tiger Moth works best when hand launched -LRB- the landing gear is a bit too flimsy for a traditional takeoff -RRB- , and once in the air it scoots along nicely . Though , if there is any wind whatsoever , it becomes quite difficult to control . The foam construction is pretty durable -LRB- I 've crashed mine dozens of times -RRB- and when a repair does need to be done , a little tape is all that is needed . As a fun little park flyer , I would recommend this to anyone who wants to try a relatively way to get flying .
 My 3 1/2 year old son LOVES this toy ! He loves music and has so much fun playing and singing . He is a very `` rough-and-tumble '' kid and this ha held up great so far . The demo songs are great and he gets up and dances vvhile they play , but he love trying to play many of his ovvn songs . I 've even had fun sitting dovvn and playing some songs , too !
 My daughter received this for christmas and she loves it . She turned 2 the week after christmas and even knows how to use the record and play back features . My older children -LRB- ages 11,10,8 -RRB- loves playing with my youngest daughter with this keyboard . . It is a must to buy . Worth every penny .
 I gave this to my 2 year old daughter for Christmas and she loves it . The microphone stand has n't broke but she keeps knocking it out So we leave it off It 's not the important part for her She just likes to play music and she loves the demo mode because it plays and she dances . Unlike other posters I only paid $ 20 in TRU store . So for my money , this is great . It comes off the stand and she can carry it around and she just puts it down on the coffee table or wherever and starts making music . Does it tip over on the stand , Yes There is n't a toy I have gotten like this my daughter does n't knock over . It happens If it is such a big issue Take it off the stand and put it on a sturdy table or something My daughter has fun with this and that is the only thing that counts
 I do n't know how people can complain about the quality of this product when they only paid a whopping $ 30 for it ... and it has so many features . Hey ... you get what you pay for ! My 3 yr old absolutely loves this . I know she will outgrow it/get bored with it fairly quickly -LRB- like ANY toy given to a 3 yr old ! -RRB- , so the $ 30 was money well-spent . If it breaks , it breaks ... get over it . I HIGHLY recommend it . My daughter loves to sit in front of her closet mirror playing it , recording herself and just jammin ' !
 I bought this for my 2-year old some Christmas of 2005 when it was on sale for $ 15 . He absolutely loves it . As other reviewers have mentioned , he too broke the microphone arm , but I called Littel Tikes who told me to call Kid Station who politely replaced it for free . Yes , the replacement took about two months , but it was free and it has n't broken again . And while the microphone was being repaired my son could still play songs . All in all my son loves it SOOOOOO much it is worth any aggravation . I think we have a little lounge singer on our hands ...
 I bought this toy for my grandson last Christmas , when he was 2yrs . old . It stays at my house , he is very rough with his toys , but so far he has not broken it even after dragging it around the house many times . A year later , it 's still one of his favorite toys .
 My almost 2 year old loves this and is a life saver when her older brother is trying to practice on his keyboard . She loves the fact that she can hear herself in the mike . For the cost , I would recommend .
 My daughter just received this toy as an early holiday present . I see Amazon currently has it on sale for $ 15 -LRB- normally $ 30 -RRB- . At $ 15 , it 's a bargain ! My daughter is just shy of her second birthday and she loves it ! She does n't know how to use all the different functions , but she loves to bang out some tunes while singing into the microphone . She also loves our Mommy-daughter duets - it 's a great toy to play with together . It is cute and does n't take up much room . We have only had it a few days so I ca n't testify as to how durable it is . Given the other reviews , it seems that the mic stand and stool break easily . If you have a kid who plays rough with his/her toys , maybe this is n't for you . But if your kid will sit and enjoy the marvel of making music , producing various instrument sounds and hearing him/herself sing , then go for it . You will definitely get $ 15 worth out of it . It is very light so it does fall down if you lean on it too hard - I think that 's the reason it 's age graded at 3 + -LRB- dangerous for a smaller child who may lean on it for support -RRB- . A few people complained about the very tiny screw that needs to be removed to insert batteries - I used a butter knife and was able to open it no problem .
 We bought this for my daughter for her first christmas , when she was 11 months old . We initially let her play with it on the floor , which she LOVED , because it offered so many buttons , keys and options . When she began to walk well , we put the legs on the keyboard , and she now loves to stand , play on it and dance and sing as I cook dinner . This is definitely her most loved toy . She 's hilarious to watch as she `` sings '' into the microphone , which really has bad acoustics , but it 's just a toy . You have to be careful putting the legs on , because they are thin plastic ... but I would still buy this keyboard - and would even replace it , should anything happen to the one we own . I 'm so glad we have this !
 he received this for Christmas and just loves it . He can turn it on , play it , and use the microphone all by himself . he loves pushing all the keys and buttons and hearing all the neat sounds as well as seeing the various lights that light up.The item does tend to tip over somewhat easily so you do have to be careful . also the Stool does n't seem overly sturdy by my son stands up anyway when he plays it . So far I have n't had any of the other problems that other reviewers have mentioned.But I agree with the person that said you get what you pay for . You ca n't expect the highest quality toy of this kind for a mere $ 30 or so . good for what it is and quite fun .
 My boys , just turned 3 years old and the other is 15 months , LOVE this toy !! It has tons of different sounds , beats , tones , instruments , songs , etc. , to play along with or just listen to . The microphone is also a HUGE hit . My oldest son is in speech therapy for articulation problems so I 'm hoping this will help him maybe listen to his voice a bit more.The only downside so far is the durability . The day after they received this gift from grandma the microphone stand got broken . It 's still usable and I plan to hot glue it back on .
 My mil just bought this for my 15 mos old daughter because she loved playing with the display in the store . A lot of the posters were complaining about it not being durable , but you get what you pay for . You are not going to get a great big sturdy keyboard for $ 30 . If you want something more durable you are going to have to pay more . I think that it 's really great . Even though the age range is 3 + , my daughter will sit at it and play and sing for a long time . It holds her attention well . Since she is so little , we had to put a higher chair for her to sit at though . I reccomend this toy if you are looking for something economical .
 We bought this for our son when he was 1 year old . He instantly figured out what the microphone is for . At 16 months , the piano is his favorite toy . He loves making music and singing . This piano was recommended from a friend whose three year old is on his second piano -LRB- after wearing out the first -RRB- . The only down side is that not all chord combinations work - some chords play as expected while others elicit a buzzing sound .
 My 2.5 year old daughter received this as a X-mas present and absolutley loves it . I ca n't believe all the bad reviews , she is not a gentle girl and so far we have had no problems . The only problem I have had is my head hurts from her screaming into the microphone constantly . I think it is great so far , but I ddi n't pay for it , plus the $ 30 's it cost ... what do you expect ? You kind of get what you pay for
 my baby got this toy for xmas , the microphone broke that same day , i couldent return it , because i already through the box out , a little advice , keep all boxes for at least 1 week . but other than that he plays with this toy every day , he loves it , i think its one of his favorites when he gets older ill buy a better one , but for now this is perfect for the abuse a 2 year old gives to a toy .
 My neice just loves this toy . She has fun playing the keyboard and singing in the microphone . I read many bad reviews but have not experienced any . She is supervised while playing with this toy and is only 2 ... a great value for the amount of pleasure .
 I purchased this toy for my son when he was 2.5 . He is now 5.5 , we still have it and it still works !! . His little sister who is now 2.5 loves to play with it . She even uses the stool to use the potty and brush her teeth . It is plastic but is is very durable . Great years of use . You ca n't beat the price either .
 I purchased this for my niece probably 3 years ago and it even made it through 2 years of my nephew . -LRB- Given I kept it at my house and it was n't played with everyday , but they were rough with it . -RRB- They loved hearing themselves on the microphone . We had a blast with it and I 'm thinking of buying another one to replace this one that just broke .
 I read some other reviews that talked about the toy breaking . We have had this toy for over a year and LOVE it . We have a 2 year old who is ALWAYS knocking it over and have never had a problem with it . It 's great and has been very durable for us . Every child that plays at our house goes right for the keyboard . My son moves it around the room and knocks it over every time he does -- always works right away . In the year that we have used it we have only had to change the batteries 1 time.I highly reccomend it .
 Yes , the microphone is flimsy and can easily break off , but my three year old girl really loves this toy . It did n't take her long to figure out she could sing and play the keyboard and make `` music '' all by herself . So far , the microphone is still intact and everything works fine and we 've had it for one year now , so it 's been worth the money . I say go for it , but try to convince your kid to treat it gently .
 Stuffed Plumpee Ladybug 9 `` Sweet , cute plush . Very lovable and Hugable.I am a 37 yr old who took my friend and my daughter to the zoo . My 12 year old could have chosen ANYTHING from the gift shop that day , she chose a polar bear -LRB- non-plumpee as , we did n't even know what they were at the time . -RRB- My friend bought ME a plumpee ladybug because my father is ill and use to call me `` his little ladybug . '' ALL THE WAY HOME MY DAUGHTER EYEBALLED MY LADYBUG . -LRB- hehehhahaha -RRB- Then `` that look '' began , as did the pout face . Then the `` Can I hold it ? '' started . She was on a mission to get MY ladybug , which was a gift from a dear friend to me . Although I explained why I could n't give it to her and how she could have got one , too , that day , I have been on a mission to obtain one for her ever since . They came up on Google as did the rest of the collection.For Christmas my daughter will get HER ladybug from `` A ladybug '' and now my FATHER himself will get his favorite animal , the Owl , Plumpee Style , at the Veteran 's Home where he is sort of lonely . I hope this plump little darling will help to raise his spirits and he 's 84 ! I collect Cherrished Teddies Plush Bears because they so cuddly.Plumpees are also very cute and very FUN TO HOLD AND SNUGGLE.I hope your child -LRB- or YOU -RRB- enjoys it as much as we do , Amy K
 A friend purchased one of these for me from the school bookstore at Western Oregon University in ' 08 . It 's 2011 and it 's still super cute and fluffy . Everybody that sees it wants one , and as a collector of ladybugs this is one of my favorites .
 Not sure what 's up with some of the negative reviews here , but we 've owned and loved this karaoke cassette player since my son turned two -LRB- he 's now six ! -RRB- . Now , my 8-month daughter loves it just as much as my son did . We 've never had a problem with anything breaking -LRB- and between a toddler/preschool boy and a baby , it 's seen some abuse -RRB- . As for other reviews about it toppling over , it tends to do this on carpet when a toddler pushes it -LRB- what plastic toy does n't ? -RRB- , but it still plays no matter how it lands . Every time we turn it on , my daughter crawls to it , sits and sways next to it , pushes it over and tries to eat the microphones -LRB- my son used to drag it across the floor by one of the microphones -RRB- . Both microphones still work perfectly . In fact the whole unit works perfectly despite six years of regular play . If I had any complaint at all it would be that the cassette tape that came with it should have had its record tab stopped so the songs ca n't be recorded over -LRB- the tape now has a few songs half missing and recorded over with sounds of a kid banging the microphone -RRB- . When the tape reaches one of these spots and the music stops , my daughter just looks up at me like , ` what happened ? I was listening to that ' . All in all , it was worth every penny .
 My children love this and they break all their toys ! This one they play over and over and love it . The only pits is you ca n't really record your voice , but for the price and quality , it is totally worth the price . Sad part is we wish we had another tape . They love playing the music , singing into it and playing . Cmon , they are young kids and this toy keeps them occupied and unfortunately eager to get a hold of it . It is certainly a better toy out there then even these more advanced toys .
 Our student has to have this everyday ! It is a joy to see him with it.The volume button got pushed in and can not be adjusted , however , it is not as loud now with him not able to change it . Still in good condition otherwise !
 I bought this for a young 2 year old who loves to dance and she is beginning to get the hang of the microphones -LRB- at first she thought they were telephones -RRB- . My only regret is that there are not many tape cassettes of songs etc. out there anymore to buy , so they have to be recorded .
 This is a GREAT toy . No , really . It 's not an Apple Ipod , nor is it a recorder . It 's a tape player that your kids can mumble into the TOY microphone and sing along with . Will you be happy recording your kids ? Heck no . It 's a toy ! Will they love mumbling into it and generally partying down ? Absolutely!This is a fantastic toy , but it 's just that . Do n't buy it if you 're looking for something for you . It 's for them.On a personal note , my 2 year old LOVES this . She sings and dances for up to an hour while I 'm making dinner . It 's great entertainment and it lets them learn songs that you yourself used to sing that you ca n't find on CD or MP3 . Pull out the tapes , relax a little , and enjoy your kiddo . : -RRB-
 I love this product . It has brought great joy to my great niece and she wo n't put it down !
 The greatest feature this toy has over others is that is has two microphones -LRB- perfect for a duet ! -RRB- I love the fact that it is a cassette player/recorder instead of a CD . I have 3 and 4 yar old girls and they would scratch up the cds in no time . They do n't care for the sing along cassette that is included too much . Their loud voices drown out the music . But my favorite is that I can record them singing . With some practice , they understood that they have to keep the microphone away from there mouths to sound clear . In fact , it is much clearer than the LeapFrog Karaoke . As for the other review that says they do n't have the feature to sing without playing a tape , just do n't put a tape in and press play ... problem solved . Also , our unit does gets its share of abuse and we have yet to have our battery compartment pop out . I do agree that toys geared towards this age range should have battery compartments that screw on instead of snap in but luckily we have not had a problem . Overall , I am happy -LRB- only $ 20 -RRB- , the girls are happy -LRB- cool toy to express themselves -RRB- .
 I have an older version of this toy purchased 3 years ago . My 4 1/2 year old has been using and abusing it since she got it . The best feature is that it has two microphones , so her friends or little sister -LRB- 2 1/2 -RRB- can join in . The sound quality is not the best and you have to put your mouth pretty close to the microphone to hear it over the speakers , but my daughters do n't seem to mind . This thing has been dropped , dragged and kicked , and still seems to work fine . I wish the Little Tikes CD Boombox had two microphones , because we certainly have more music on CD 's than cassettes . They usually just make-up their own songs rather than sing-along to what few cassettes we have . Since they enjoy singing together so much , I 'm afraid if we had the CD boombox with one microphone , it may cause fights over whose turn it is .
 The different colors help her distinguish which button to push for each action . She listens to her music at every meal!What made it even better was the free shipping !
 I jumped the gun a little early and got this for my 2 year old . She is a little advanced so she knows how to operate the toy . She loves to play her Mickey Mouse CD and sing along . I like that there is a volume limit but it does get plenty loud . I do however have to supervise the CD insertion and removal but that is because she likes to play with the cd 's and they get scratched . Overall she loves it . This is the 1st of this kind that I have bought or seen . But it is great so far . I would like to rate it again in about 6 months . Little Tikes has a great reputation so I trust it will last.One negative thing I have noticed is if it gets bounced around the cd stops . . but if that is the worst I am ok with that . It is a kids toy .
 I got this for my 3 year old grandson who lives with me . He loves it and so do we . He listens to classical music every night for bedtime , and loves to sing along with other toddler CD 's . It has a repeat button so he can have the music playing all night long . Its nice that it does not go up too loud too . Just loud enough.IT does not come with an ac adapter , so if you do n't want to go through a ton of batteries , pick one up . Its nice to have both , so if your child wants to walk around with the player he or she can . Easy to use buttons as well . I recommend this product .
 my daughter loves to sing . I saw this and had to buy iy right away . it is so cute to watch her sing and dance like she is a rock star !!! great job Little Tikes !!!!
 The cd player is very colorful and attactive to a child . My daughter wants to use it every day . The problem I have is the difficulty I have had trying to find an adaptor to use with it . Why do n't you sell the adaptor with the player ? The player uses a full set of betteries for just an hour or so 's use and at $ 7 a set for the batteries that has stopped me from using the player as often as my daughter would like .
 Congratulations Little Tikes on a WONDERFUL product . My son loves it . He gets home from school and it 's the first thing he runs to . He can entertain himself with this for a couple hours . He loves to sing into the microphone . I think it 's what he looks forward to doing all day . The sound on this product is superb !
 I was disappointed to see the other reviews . I bought this for my four year old for Christmas and not only does she love it but her two year old brother loves it . It is very easy to use . They love to hear their voices with the microphones . I love that she has her own CD 's and her own CD player . Easy enough to bring from room to room . Granted it does skip if you pick it up and set it down but what can you expect from a portable CD player . I would highly recommend this to anyone who has kids that enjoy music . I actually got on line to order another one for my son . I have n't had the problem of closing the door to the CD player but one of the microphones does n't work and I am waiting for them to send me a replacement .
 I got this for my son , who is 2 and loves music . While he keeps opening and closing the cd door which of course makes the music stop , he loves using the microphones and hearing himself `` sing . ''
 I bought this toy for my three year old son this year for Christmas . It is a nice toy and he loves it , but there is no headphone jack , it takes batteries or dc power , but is not very portable when there is other kids involved in the car , because no one can hear anything but the player , this item has everything I would desire , except no headphone jack !!
 My son got this player last Christmas . He loves it ! We have lots of fun with the mics & listening to his music . The batteries last for a week if that , & that 's if your kid remembers to turn off the player ! -LRB- ya , right ! -RRB- I 've tried several adaptors , but none fit/work . It 's really hard to keep replacing 6 C batteries ! I 've contacted the little tikes people hoping they can let me know where to find the adaptor.Overall , it 's a good product if you have an endless , lifetime supply of batteries .
 My nephew has two of these - one for home and one for school . I totally fell in love with it and now must get one for my daughter . This monkey is the most cuddly monkey you will ever find . It sits on his own . Its arms can be placed in many positions thanks to how long they are and the beans that are in the hands . Because the hands and feet have thumbs and big toes , you can hold hands with it . My nephew uses it as a pillow . It is deliciously soft , until its softness gets loved away . I am very impressed with this monkey .
 The Monkey Jellycat is amazing , very soft and made a great gift . Order came on time .
 I bought this for my daughter 's 4th bday party . The children played on it 5 hours ! It held up great . The pool area was great for the toddlers at the party . My only problem was water got inside it , which is normal since there are small holes in the seams of the float . -LRB- note
 We 've had this now for about 2 weeks and so far my 5 year old daughter is really enjoying it . We have a Little Tikes moonbounce as well that we have been happy with , so rather than rent a commercial moonbounce for an upcoming birthday party , we decided to just purchase this slide.Usually when you buy these types of things , you always end up disappointed by how small they are once you take them out of the box . Not the case with this . It really is as big as it looks in the picture -LRB- unlike those `` banzai '' slides -RRB- . One note , it claims a 350 pound weight capacity on the climber/slide . Well , I 'm a 200 pound `` adult '' , and while I was able to get up to the top -LRB- even though it felt like it was about to tip over -RRB- , when I went down the slide my rump actually hit the ground underneath ... so I probably would n't recommend this for adults . Perhaps smaller women -LRB- and men -RRB- would be okay.But overall , it 's great fun for the kids , seems to be pretty durable -LRB- our Little Tikes moonbounce has lasted us 2 years without any holes or tears -RRB- , and having the wading pool there is great so the water spills over into that rather than onto the grass .
 We love this water slide , very heavy duty . It supports the weight of me and my husband -LRB- seperately -RRB- The pool area is great to lounge in . Most importantly , my daugher loves it . We have had several children on it at once , and no problems , did n't even bulk !! Little Tikes has done it again !! P.S. . A certain website has this in stock with free site to store shipping for 198.00 , just to let ya know !
 I bought this slide because it was one of the least expensive and I wanted to see what the inflatable slides were all about without investing a whole lot of money . I can say that this was a great purchase ! My three boys , 5 and under , love this slide . My littlest ... too small to do the whole slide loves to be put half-way up ... and they all love the hoop ! It is an energy zapper ... all they do is climb and slide ! All three will have abs of steel -LRB- from wall climbing -RRB- by the end of summer too ! It is less expensive , a great starter slide and made by Little Tikes -LRB- solid product company with a customer service -RRB- . I would recommend this to a friend . In fact , I already have ... twice !
 I purchased this slide in April 08 and have used it for two summers - this will be our third summer . I have never had a problem with it ! It is the perfect size in my opinion . Just took it to my sons school for an end of the year party with 20 kids playing on it . They all had a blast . Easy to set up - and take down . Best money I ever spent . We have had neighbors borrow for birthday parties . Taken to friends house to use at their pool parties . Kids wanted to slide more than swim . Great place to burn energy .
 I purchased this slide two years ago for my daughter 's birthday party . It is cheaper than renting an inflatable water slide for a few hours . My only concern was would it be fun like the huge rentable inflatable water slides . We have used it for three different birthday parties and the kids have a blast . Our five kids range in age from one to eleven years old . The climbing wall is sturdy even with a few kids climbing up at the same time . Even our three year old can climb up by herself . Sometimes they do slam into the wall at the end of the slide but it does n't hurt . I like that it has the shallow pool area because it is perfect for the little ones . It is easy to set up and take down . The only thing is that it takes a few days to dry out before it can be folded up and stored . And it is quite heavy so it does take two adults to put it away . I have had no holes or rips but it does come with a patch kit . I bought mine online from Wal-Mart using site to store shipping . It cost me two hundred dollars and it was well worth the price .
 I purchased this as a gift for my nephew who was 4 at the time . I thought it was going to be smaller than it actually is but it turns out this slide was huge ! I kept it at my house the first few months then finally sent it home with him when his family moved into a house from an apartment . Three years later th slide is going strong with no problems . It 's been used at birthday parties in addition to larger rented slides and the kids preferred this one!My only wish would be that there be a drain hole in the pool area to make emptying it easier . You have to do some creative folding and dragging to completely empty the pool area . For the price , durability and overall fun , this was a great purchase . I also bought a little tikes inflatable bouncer when he was 1 and that product is still going strong too.Also , I did n't even try to store this in the bag but instead purchased a large plastic storage container with wheels . That made storing it and moving it in and out of the garage so much easier .
 Great slide !! Now using it for the second year and it is still in perfect shape . I 'm a grandma with 2 of my 4 grandchildren living with me . We use this at least once every two weeks . More depending on our schedule . I also have lots of young nieces and great nieces and friends of my grandson that play on it . We even used it for a birthday party with lots of kids . I have had kids age in range from 11 years to -LSB- ... -RSB- years and all have had a wonderfull time on it . My -LSB- ... -RSB- year old grandchild can climb this slide as good as her 4 year old brother . She is quite the adventurer . It does require time to dry out . Due care is needed to keep it clean and get it all the way dry . I drain it then blow it up again and turn it on its side with the pool up in the air and pull it to dry ground . It seems to dry well in this position . Also if water gets into the pool walls it drains . Then when it is dry in this position I flip it back down and make sure the back is dry before I pack it up . On a very hot day I can dry this in one hour , now if it gets late or in the spring it does take two to three hours . It is easier to have two people but not necessary . I 'm fifty , out of shape and can do this.I love this slide because the kids love it !! They play for hours and our summers are HOT !!! in Texas and they are able to get outside to burn energy without getting overheated . I like that the kids can wade through the pool to slide and not get grass and dirt into the pool . Also if someone needs a break the pool area is large enough to lounge in . I can positon the pool area where the kids are n't in the sun . The basketball hoop also entertains them . This was our first water slide and it has been a great investment . They have a Little Tykes bouncer we do n't use much because it is too hot to be outside and I do n't have room to put it up inside . I highly recommend this to grandparents to entertain energetic grandkids .
 Got this for my son 's 5th birthday . He and all his friends love it . It is very durable , this is the second summer we 've had it and so far so good . We 've had as many as 6 kids at a time playing and with enforcement of the rules -LRB- only one kid on the climbing part at a time in case someone slips -RRB- everyone has fun . Even the little ones have plenty of room in the pool part . It does take up a lot of room , so make sure you have a good size , pretty level place to put it .
 We bought this slide last summer and used it for my son 's 4th birthday . The kids his age had a blast . I was a little concerned with the kids that weighed 45lbs or more the wall did not seem as sturdy as expected and when they came down the side there were very close to flipping over the wall.We blew it up this summer and water began to get inside so folding it up and storing after use was a disaster . I will be sure to review further in the future !
 We ordered these snakes to attach to a stucco chimney to scare away birds and they work beautifully !! They seem to be durable from afar . They have not fallen apart and they have been attached for quite a while . Great job !
 I got this for my niece . This tiger is the perfect size for a small child and it is very soft and well made .
 my daughter got one of these tiger 's when she was born . She calls it her kitty . It was looking pretty sad after a year , so i went online and found the exact same tiger on amazon . I ordered it for her and she loved it so much that she never missed the old one . It came in the mail quickly and it was the best price out of all the sites I checked .
 I am a big fan of white tigers . Two years ago , my ex-boyfriend bought me this plushie . I named her Pippa . To this day I still sleep with her and carry her everywhere . I am 14 years but I melt at the sight of this plushie.Buy this plushie if you are looking for a soft , cuddly companion no matter what your age is .
 I used this in combination with the Foam Nails to glue together two foam tunnels entrances . Worked like a charm . Would buy again from seller . A + + +
 I guess they had to classify this stuff as something - and then ask how educational of a toy glue is < lol > . At any rate , it works very well . I 'm doing a new track layout and the stuff is great . Although I 'm going to have to do some testing to see just how much better -LRB- or the same -RRB- it is compared to the old standby Elmer 's white glue .
 I 'm using it to glue foam roadbed to Styrofoam and it works great . I only put the glue on the roadbed and it 's holding great .
 This toy is great . Our daughter loves it . Not only is it a wire bead maze but it rolls . Since it has come out of the box she has been pushing it around the house and playing with it everywhere . It is n't too big and we just love it . It is much better than typical ones .
 My son recieved this as a gift , he was disappointed at first . He wanted a toy not a model . The more he plays with it , the more he likes it . The shapes and models he makes are changing constantly . He has asked for more this christmas .
 My mom has gave me GEOMAG as a gift , and when I opened the wrapper on Christmas Day , I was really excited . This is a really great toy to me , and I think it is amazing . I would say that you should really give it a try , and maybe you 'll want to get more Geomags when you try it , just like me ! Right now I like it a lot and you can really get into it and make many different shapes , and lots . Mom got me 20 pieces of GEOMAG and it is very fun . Mom was very pleased when I told her that I really like it ! Thanks , mom !
 My son recieved this as a present for his 5th birthday . Wow , he is having so much fun with the . He is already interested in magnets and building things . This was perfect . you can do so many different things , and these magnets are strong . Apparently they are some of the strongest magnets you can buy . Already I want to buy another set so we can build bigger things ! They are a bit pricey , but I think they truly will last a life time as opposed to the types of toys we can usually find these days that break so easily . The only thing to watch out for is that these pieces are small . Definitely not something you want around small children . We have to clear the table when we build with them to make sure we get all the pieces back .
 I 'm the Founder of an Internet startup . I have a lot of toys in my office so the employees can come into my office and play with the toys to unwind after working hard . The Geomag is by and far the favorite toy people play with -- I started with one set , then bought another , then two more , and then another two -- people use the six sets to build all kinds of complex and interesting shapes and formations . The glow-in-the-dark feature is an added bonus . I love this toy . I wish they were available when I was a kid , but I 'm happy that they 're available even as an adult !!
 This is currently my entire family 's favorite toy . My 3 yo can build amazing things and my 7 yo has figured out how to make these into fantastic play toys - from crowns to bracelets to tops . My husband and I love to play with these , too . Buy the biggest set that you can afford , as you 'll want more once you get started building .
 I have 2 girls , 4 and 7 years old . They absolutly love this toy . They play for hours , and I mean hours , building the examples on the box , as well as using their imagination to build many other designs . I had to buy another set , as they both wanted to play at the same time and fought over how long the other was playing for ! I have to admit , my husband and I even play with them after the kids are in bed . I bought a set for my 5 year old nephew and he loves it also .
 My granddaughter loves her tea set . It is colorful and durable . Even though she is 9 mo. old , she loves to eat her baby crackers out of the dishes . It will grow with her .
 I have a 7 years which he loves it , It very good for all the age , specially from 7 years to 11 years old ; They get to know the money and leaen how to deal with it , really recommend it.it 's not just fun but it is also a learning tool for every day use .
 We got this for my daughter 's first birthday . She absolutely LOVES it ! She especially loves the little girl and holds her all day . I do the motions with the music for her and she tries to do them too . She can push all the buttons fine , but does need a little help putting the people in . I think other reviewers have been a little hard on the toy in this area . The purpose is so they learn what shape fits where . I think that was a great idea and with a little patience you can avoid frustration . Overall , a very fun toy !
 My kids -LRB- 1 and 3 years old -RRB- love everything about this toy . It is a little frustrating to get the tiny figures in and out but my children 's problem solving , patience , and fine motor skill are all improving . It really has n't stopped them from playing with it . My 1 year old loves to push the bus around and chew on the people -- My 3 year old loves to sing the songs and role play with the figures . It is truly excellent that the bus sings the FULL version of the songs verses but you must have it in the correct mode . Hope this helps someone -- I will say that this is my FIRST time writing a review because my children love this toys soooooooooooo much . I finally feel like we have gotten our money 's worth out of a toy .
 I bought this toy for my 3 year old son that is diagnosed with developmental and speech delay . He uses this toy with his therapist . He enjoys it and love to hear the music and push the buttons . However he gets confused because the colors on the base of the people does not match the shapes . for instance he matches the boy with the blue base with the heart shape which is not a shape match . I do n't think that this was thought out well . I know that the intent was to match shapes but small children will use their visual skills as well match . So he will just prop the people sideways and drive the bus which is kind of defeating the purpose .
 This toy is so much fun . My daughter received it for her first birthday and she loves the little people . The bus is great , as it sings a song for each individual person and thing on the bus . The little people are a little hard to move in and out of the bus , but that is a small glitch for a fantastic and cute toy .
 I bought this toy for my daughter 's first birthday because one of her favorite songs is `` The Wheels on the Bus . '' I thought the toy was cute when i purchased it , but I was disappointed that it did n't sing the entire verses of the song , then I got home and took it out of the box -LRB- which was a challenge by itself -RRB- and realized that it was on `` demo '' and when you put it on `` play '' it sings 9 entire verses . The people are a little difficult to get in and out , but my daughter figured it out and did not get frustrated . I would highly recommend this toy to anyone .
 Bought this toy for my one-year old granddaughter . She loves it . It 's the first toy she goes to everytime she comes over .
 I admit that I do not have many `` toys , '' and this is the only `` action figure '' I own . MK sits on my computer table watching me everyday . I do not pose him , and I do n't really `` play '' with him . That being said , he looks great . If you want a pose-able figure to play with , I suppose the cape could get in the way.I love the way he looks with one exception . His belt looks like an army version belt with pouches or pockets around it . I ca n't seem to find any comics where MK has this belt on . The belt with the moon-shaped darts would have been preferable and more accurate . That is the only reason this toy does not get 5 stars . For a fairly inexpensive statuette of Moon Knight , this is a good buy .
 My grandson is very happy with this toy . I like the fact that he can not convert it on his own and needs our help . His toy scooter seems to roll alot better than the above mentioned , but putting on one of the wheels was a bit tuff . Traction does not seem to be a problem either as -LSB- my son -RSB- and his older sister ... can move around in it just fine . the wheels seem built for hard surfaces and work great . also to assit in learning and stability the front wheels are wider than the back wheels ... remember pontiac - wider is better . We feel that this is a fun and good valued toy for our grandson .
 Just received this item as a gift . I will say that I would have not purchased it for my son , considering the bad rap that scooters have with young children . However , my son -LRB- who 's one year old -RRB- really digs the electronic noises and loves to hold the handles to ` ride ' . It is really low to the ground and can accomodate a young child easily . Although the wheels appear at first to not move well at all , closer inspection revealed that I had to place them on with a firm push to really click them into place and now it wheels fine - not too fast , not too slow . Set up is relatively easy , but bothersome with all the screws . Thus far , I am pleased with the item , and feel that the plastic is not flimsy in any way . It appears to be a well-constructed item .
 I do n't know what toy the other reviewers were reviewing , but this is a wonderful diversion for my 14 month old . We have no problems with the wheels . My son has pushed this around the house , sits on it and LOVES the musical dashboard . I love the fact that it plays several different songs , as opposed to the usual one or two . He gets the music going and starts to `` dance '' while sitting on the seat . We have n't used this as a scooter yet . I set it up for him to see what he would do and he sat on the foot platform , so I guess we have a few months before we try that again . He has n't quite figured out how to make it go forward while sitting on it , but has mastered backwards quite well . He also learned to crawl backwards before he learned forwards , so I 'm not worried.I highly recommend this toy . It is sturdy , well made , and something that will grow with your child .
 I bought the Ride 2 Roll scooter for my sone for his 1st birthday . It 's great because he can climb on it himself and the buttons are very easy for him to push . I have no problems with the wheels turning or the music box falling off . The smile my sone gets on his face when he climbs on ll by himself is well worth it .
 I bought this for my son 's 2nd birthday . I initially purchased this as a ride on because the one he was using in the house was way too loud . As soon as my son discovered that this converted to a scooter he was hooked . We have had this for 4 months and the only complaint that I have is that the ` electronic dashboard ' does come off very easily - not a big deal . I have found this to be a fun , safe and durable scooter for this age group , I would think that it would be a bit small for a 4 year old .
 My one year old got this for Easter , and we figured he 'd have to grow into it , or if anything his 3 yo sister could use the scooter . Turns out they both prefer it in bike mode . My 1yo likes to use it as a walker ; he 'll grab the handle bars while pushing the bike backwards . So we 're hoping to get some extra use out of this toy . But I do agree the wheels do n't work the best when they put their weight on it , although it 's not too bad to scoot around on the carpet .
 We got this for our 15mo . for Christmas . He jumped on it before time for `` Santa '' presents . He mastered riding it that very day . He also mastered pulling the console/dashboard off that day . He loves the toy . Although I am disapointeds that the console does not attach better . We are constantly putting it back on . It frustrates him -LRB- and us -RRB- . PLAYSKOOL should have been smarter than our little one and devised away for it to stay attached .
 My son received this ride on for a Christmas gift and he loves it ! He is 13 months old and jumps right on and moves right along . He loves to dance to the songs that play on the console . The only issue is that the console comes off very easily so it needs constant reattachment . Loads of fun for my little guy .
 My son got this for his first birthday . He was too short to sit on and scoot , but although he was n't yet walking , found that he could push it `` backwards '' and use it as a walker . He pushed it for two months before he started walking unassisted . It was an AWESOME walker ! The handles are tall so he could stand tall . Also , as the `` front '' is narrower , he could turn by pulling back and down on the handles and lifting the front slightly - which he figured out all on his own ! He could only made right turns , but it allowed him to go ALL OVER without frustration . So many other walkers go forward and become stuck against walls and furniture , this allowed him to be very mobile and independent . &#60; br / &#62; &#60; br / &#62; That said , now that he is 18 months and walking well , he will sit on this scooter , but as many other reviewers have pointed out , it just does n't roll well . The wheels are really close to the body of the scooter and when he is sitting on it - or standing on the scotter board - the wheels just do n't roll well . &#60; br / &#62; &#60; br / &#62; Oh , the fact that the wheels do n't roll very fast did contribute though to it being a great walker ! LOL
 I recently bought this for my 20 month old granddaughter ... I showed her how to use it as a scooter ... and she picked it up the first time she used it . She liked having me change it from the riding toy to the scooter and loved the `` horn , turn signal , vroom vroom '' noise maker ! I 'm buying another one for my other granddaughter !
 I purchased this Cookie Monster puppet for my girlfriend 's birthday . She loves that his hands are essentially gloves ... which means you -LRB- as the puppeteer -RRB- have the finger dexterity to pick up COOKIES and shove them into the mouth of the puppet , which can munch away under the control of your other hand.After testing , we recommend hard sugar cookies for this puppet . They only produce crumbs , but no stains.When not in use , Cookie can be displayed and posed like any other stuffed animal - an added bonus.Personally , I would have paid considerably more money for this toy if his fur was the correct color dark blue , and -LRB- most importantly -RRB- if he had hard plastic eyes with spinning pupils.As he is , however , The 27 '' Cookie Monster Puppet is a well made toy that is a total blast to play with at any age.Ommm nom , nom , nom -LRB- oh , delicious -RRB- nom , nom -LRB- yeah -RRB- nom !
 This puppet is awesome . I 've had it for four days and so far everyone I 've shown it to absolutely loves it . Today I think I spent an hour entertaining three kids and several adults with this thing during a family Christmas party . The mouth is very durable and the hands are basically gloves and are very flexible . I wish I had a third arm so I could work both hands and the mouth at the same time . All you need to do to keep the kids entertained is just grab random objects with his hands and shove them into his mouth and `` chow down '' . Add some decent sound effects with your own voice and it 's guaranteed to be a huge hit with the kids and adults . If you 're looking for any puppet to entertain with , Sesame Street themed or not , this is the one to pick up . This is worth way more than what it 's being sold for .
 To be honest , I probably bought this more for me than my daughter when I saw it a couple of years ago . But at 2 1/2 years old she has grown to love her Cookie Monster friend and is finally a bit taller than him . Seeing him talk or use his hands is nothing but pure joy for her . When she was younger she was a bit scared of him when I made him move , but not any more .
 This Cookie Monster puppet was such a joy . I bought it as a gift for a Cookie Monster fan . The body hair is soft and comfortable . You can place both hands into Cookie Monster 's hands -LRB- they fit like gloves -RRB- from behind and make movements just like in Sesame Street . In addition , you can insert another hand -LRB- it helps to have 3 hands ... or an extra puppeteer -RRB- into the back of his head to control his mouth movements . Then Cookie Monster comes to life!One thing I would 've liked to see would be more diverging eyeballs . The one I received had eyes that looked straight ahead . I would 've been better if the one eye had been facing upward , and the other eye facing downward.Nevertheless , an adorable puppet , just like the real thing !
 NIce feel and have held up well with usage . I do n't know what else to say , I 'm just filling up space because you have to write a minimum amount of words to complete this rating ! LOL !
 It 's not easy to find comfortable underwear , let alone a jock strap , if you 're a big guy or just not built like the models they use to advertise these types of things . Usually a jock is more comfortable for me than anything else , but most of them still are n't `` just right . '' I bought one of these just to try , and WOW best underwear I 've ever owned ! It keeps things where they need to be , does n't bind , pinch , or move around on you , the sizing is perfect , and looks sexy on top of all that -LRB- c'mon guys , we like to look sexy just like the ladies do - do n't deny it ! -RRB- . I loved it so much I came back and more -LRB- eight total -RRB- , and they 're my new daily underwear . Please do n't ever change how you make these , otherwise I may have to go commando ! The price is also unbeatable . I had the same problem some other reviewers gave where after the first two washings I saw a few rubber strands come out , but even if these only last me a year or so I 'm pleased given how inexpensive they are . Since I wear these every day as underwear , I do n't expect them to last forever anyway .
 Color option is nice . Very comfortable . Doesnt constrict like others Ive used . Great if you looking for support and less constriction overall
 Fits like the package sizing says , supports while on my biking and sporting events . I even returned a previous package because I thought I had lost more weight than I really did and they exchanged quickly and without issue . I did n't even have to pay shipping . Great !!
 wear them all the time and these are so comfortable and quite reasonably priced . they arrived on time and they wash and wear wonderfully . thanks .
 This product does just what it 's supposed to.The only downside is that the waist band is sometimes a little rough for extended wear .
 Thank you for sending this product , they are just what the docotor order and they fit very comfortable
 I 've owned a few SafeTGard Adult Athletic Supporter Jockstraps for the past couple of years and this is definitely my favorite compared to other brands . I 'm a big guy , and the XXL fits perfectly . The material is comfortable , and keeps everything in place where it should be . When I receive them new , I always wash it once before I wear them because out of the box they are a bit stiff . After playing football , wrestling , and rugby for over 10 years wearing all different brands of jockstraps , this is the most comfortable jockstrap i 've ever worn .
 These are very comfortable , the fabirc is soft , yet keeps everything where it is supposed to be . Great support ! What more could you ask for in a jock strap ?
 I 'm not very athletic , so I 've never worn one of these before . But I got some surgery done and I have to wear one for a couple weeks . This one looked to be what I needed at a reasonable cost . Like another review stated , there are some loose threads that pop up every time I wash it . Do n't know how long it 'll last , but I do n't plan on wearing it much longer . The material has a very open weave . This can lead to occasional snags . Even after several washings the material is still a little scratchy . The waste band is nice . It does n't roll or bunch up . Overall it does it 's job , I just wish it was a little softer .
 I ` ve purchased several supporters from different stores that said they fit a 42 inch waist that were so tight that the band cut you in half . This brand of supporter fits snug but does n`t cut off your breathing as the others . The only con I have is that they say it ` s preshrunk but I recommend you hand wash it . I washed mine in my washer with my other clothes and it seemed to shrink some.Again I highly recommend this supporter and will order more than one the next time .
 While I ordered these a size larger than normal -LRB- based upon past experience with supporters -RRB- these are true to size . The one I purchased is too large , but I have no one to blame but myself . The material is comfortable , and am ordering one in the correct size . Gave 5 starts because of the quality of the material , sewing , and price .
 The supporter wears and fits well . but when i wash it the threading seems to be breaking down . Not sure how else to explain the thread and strings of thread hanging off of the item .
 Been wearing SafeTGard instead of briefs since some 8 years ago and would n't wear other jock , or briefs for that matter ! They fit perfectly , they 're cool , specially here in the tropics ...
 I had a variation of this game about 35 years ago and enjoyed it then . Even though the field has been updated , the players still pass , kick , and run -LRB- vibrate is more like it -RRB- , the same way . My son and his college friends play it all the time .
 This is a great game . It 's a chess game on wheels with some luck throw into the activity . My kids are interacting together . This game is something they can do as a family . It 's a very sturdy well made game .
 I just got Electric Football for Christmas and it is the one of the most funnest and excitingist games I ever played . I would reccomend this game to people of every age .
 This game is about imagination and friendship . When I was a little kid 8 or so , I had one the original version of Electronic Football Super Bowl version -LRB- Cowboys vs. Steelers -RRB- . I got it for Christmas and my parents could n't get me to stop playing it . I would make sure all my homework was done and go in the garage to play . One day my mom said she wanted me to meet this kid who had an accident during a track meet . I was already familiar with the kid and the story of how a pole-vaulting accident left him with pins in his legs and a body cast for over 4years . The other kids in the neighborhood always said he was mad and violent towards anybody . With good reason too , half your teenage life in a body cast and not knowing if you would ever walk again . Well , my mom took me over to meet Mark and true to his reputations he was rude to me , my mom and even his own mom . I remember it quite well ; he said something to make his mom leave the room and my mom went after her , which left me in the room alone with Mark . At first it did n't go to good . I did n't know what to say and he kept asking what I was staring at . So I turned my head to avoid eye contact and what did I see behind the bedroom door ? An Electronic Football game . I turned back to Mark and said , `` Do you play ? '' He looked at me and said , `` You do n't want to play me in that . I 'm too good . '' I told him I would run home and get my team . He could n't believe that someone else had a game . By the time I ran home and came back , he had the hospital bed adjusted and the game on a table ready to play . We played for hours , had dinner and my mom finally came at 11pm to walk me home . Mark and I became good friends and develop rules to make the game friendlier . Mark became an expert on painting those little men . We started a league with others who own EF in the neighborhood . Everybody had two teams , one pro and one college . All you had to do is give your men , without the bases of course , and Mark would paint them . If there were two people with the same favorite teams , Mark would flip a coin and the winner would get the home team uniform and the other the visitor uniform . Years went by and Mark finally got down to just cast on both legs which allowed him to come to my house on crutches . He never had seen my EF board until then . You see I never told him I had the super bowl version , which the board was twice as big as everyone else had in our league . Well all the super bowls from then on took place on my board . By the time I graduated high school Mark was walking own his own with just pins in his legs . My board was finally broke when my 2 year old nephew stepped on the board while I was in college , which left it with a dent . Here I am 40 years old , married with 6 kids and I will never forget what that game did for two friends growing up . Yeah , it 's loud , and the players do n't always go straight , but it 's fun . Oh , yeah . Mark walks , and even runs marathons . God Bless .
 I got this game for my 11 year old son for christmas and he and my husband played for 3 hours straight . My husband had this game as a child also and remembers loving it then too . I was leary about purchasing it because the box has a photo of kids and a dad playing that looks like it was taken in the 60 's ! The inside of the game was modern looking however . It does make a very loud noise but the kids dont seem to mind . You do need to figure out strategies but Im not sure how educational that is . As far as durablity , the game came with a broken goal post and the piece are plastic . All in all , Im glad I purchased the game , and the kids are loving it !
 I got this game for my birthday because i told my dad about it ! love it so much ! Its pretty loud but when your having that much fun it doesnt bother you at all ! The really good thing about it is that its uses AC not batteries ! I play this every day and during the super bowl we play it ! I recommend it to everyone !! Thankyou Toys R Us
 This game is awesome ! The first time I played electric football was in 1981 and I have n't outgrown it since . Man , this brings back memories . The first team I owned was the New Orlean Saints . My friend Nate sold me the team for $ 10 . That was a lot of money at 15 years old . Me and my friends played games amongst each other . I was a rookie then . The next year I bought the Miami Dolphins in their all white uniforms and blew everyone away . They still do a fine job on painting the figures . I still have three original teams from 1983 and three others which I painted from scratch with a toothpick . Such fun !!! Of course , it 's not as easy now at the age of 36 to find someone to play , but that 's o.k. I 've played complete seasons using my teams and kept stats on rushing , receiving , punt returns , scores , you name it . I 've even had playoffs , Superbowls , MVPs , all stats kept on paper . If it were n't were for videogames , I 'd be playing more . I plan to pass on the legacy of my electronic football to my son which I hope to have before I 'm 50 so I can kick his butt . If I have to , I 'll adopt.This game will live forever ! I give it a definite thumbs up .
 I love football . I understand football . I learned about football when I was 5 years old because of this game . I 'm 26 now ... Electric football is the most hands-on game in the sports toy circle . Granted it 's not as savvy or intelligent as most of the football video games out there , but it allows for creativity and imagination . Growing up , my buddies and I started a league . We each had 4 teams and kept track of stats and standings . We even had a pro-bowl . Instead of using the lame-o quarterback they give you , we simply threw the ball ourselves . The loud buzzing sound is a bit annoying , but even when that broke on my old board , we still played by tapping on the board . We had hours of fun , creating plays and formations and we learned about the game of football . This game rocks !
 It is the funiest game ever for the whole family
 I can not say enough good things about this toy ! My father had a variation of this about 35 years ago , and when he saw the new version he bough it for the family . It 's a fixture at our house during football season , and is fun for just abotu any time during that . It teaches football strategy and gets the entire family involved too . It 's also quite durable we 've had it for about four years now , and it 's still in perfect condition -LRB- it 's made mostly of metal -RRB- The only thning is you really need to keep track of the miniscule foam footballs and the small plastic players to play the game , which is why I gave it a four for durability . But it 's a very fun , involving game and I would recommend it
 I asked my mom to by this for me she did so when it arrived it was so much fun and the noise does not bother me I would recomend this for every body .
 Before my birthday i wasnt sure what to get and i went to Toysrus.com and i looked under sports and looked at baseballand then football and i saw the coolest thing ever ! So my grandma takes me ut fo my birthday to the mall and lets me get 3 things of what i want ! So iwent to Toys r Us and i got it ! I love it so much ! Its pretty loud by while your playing it dosent bother you at all ! If your a beginner its pretty tough but youll get the hang of it ! Also -LRB- thank God -RRB- it uses AC not batteries !! So i definetly recommend this great toy and Toys R Us !! Thankyou !!
 The game was a birthday gift to our 6 year old grandson . He just loved it asdid his father , an avid football fan and one who had a similar game when hewas young , his mother , another football fan , and his 10 year old sister.They all set it up and began playing immediately .
 This game is awesome . I really enjoy playing this game . The buzzing sound does not bother me at all . I would soon want to get plain figures and paint them exactly like an Arena Football team . If you like football , you will enjoy the game . It is hard to pass and kick but after a while you will master it . You will get your money worth if you buy this game
 I believe that I received my electric football game probably in the mid-70 's . The two teams that came with my game was the Chicago Bears and the NY Jets . I remember going down into the corner of the family room on a Sunday and watching the football games on T.V. while playing with my electric football . Sure , I was one that could n't use my `` triple threat '' quarterback to pass but I did master the kick pretty well and as far as the passing game , I 'd just throw the ball myself -LRB- human intervention -RRB- , behind the line of scrimmage of course . I remember my best player was a Bear receiver who had only one and a half arms . I guess his arm got broken in transit or something but I did n't care . The important thing was as a little kid I was able to make up my own fun-I did n't have any prejudices nor time constraints . I lived with an armless receiver , with the field clock that I could n't get to work because it would jump around too much from the vibrations , the giant white QB that I could n't get to pass worth beans , and my dad that years later kept telling me that I was never going to outgrow the game ! In the 30 years after all of that , I now have my own little boy-2 years old now . And sure I 've been too busy surviving in life since then but can one really outgrow the good childhood memories ? All I can say is that I ca n't wait for my little boy to get to `` playing '' age . One Christmas Day , he 'll find a big package under the tree and when he rips the wrapping paper off of his electric football game and empties the little players from their bags , I can only hope that he 'll also find a little armless receiver .
 I bought this item for my husband as he had one when he was a little boy . He LOVES it ! It is not supposed to be like the real game of football for those of you who do n't know . The players vibrate all over the place , pretty much where they want to , and that makes the fun . He and my 15 year old daughter played last night and just laughed and had a great time ! He ca n't wait to play with our 6 year old grandson . The metal is a little fragile and can not be bent or the game is ruined , so that part you have to be very careful with . Also the bases for the players to stand on have to be treated a little easy so as not to mess up the `` feelers '' on the bottom that decide which way they will go on the board .
 There are four unique , colorful pirates and several well-designed , artistic accessories included with a sturdy board depicting a beach scene . I appreciate the handle and resealable plastic envelope that hooks to the board -LRB- `` that 's where the pirates sleep '' -RRB- to keep the items together . This will be a fun , creative activity to keep bringing out at home or to take along .
 This was a great purchase ! I was actually visiting my grandson when the postman arrived with his package.He played with it for hours on end . Mom says it has kept him busy in his car seat also ... he plays so creativelyat only 2 1/2 years old ! We are ALL pleased , and the service was spectacularly FAST ! : -RRB-
 i 've been looking for this gundam and i finally found it , if switching from shooting a missile , to shooting a nuclear missile to pulling out your beam saber is your thing then please buy this , great price too .
 My son is a Ben 10 addict . Loves and wants everything and anything Ben 10 . In each pack of Alien rocks aka bath bombs with toys , you get 2 -LRB- Ben and Vilgax -RRB- . If you are a person who has ever purchased bath bombs for yourself , you know that this is not a bad price for 2 of them.Basically , you unwrap and disolve the ball in warm water . In the middle there is a tiny 1 inch figure of a Ben 10 character . They smell up the whole house nicely while disolving . Even weeks after the little character still smells good . We used the 2nd one in the bath . The packaging does not say if it is able to be used in the bath , but everything turned out fine.Now while the fizzing action is fun for about 5 minutes , and the colored scented water is nice for the entire bath , you are only left with a 1 inch toy . I could n't tell who was who , but my son was able to . You have to be very carefull not to loose them , because they are so tiny . I would not buy these for anyone under 5 or for any child that still puts things in thier mouth as these are a big choking hazzard . The item picture that I see on my screen at a 1280x800 resolution is about 4x the actual size.My son plays with the little figures alot , and does alot of role play with them and he also launches them from the alien rock launcher of theBen 10 Vilgax Battle Ship - Vilgax Battle Planet .
 Tiny aliens once dissolved , but our son has a good time watching them transform . Would recommend .
 My eight year old loved these . He jumped in the bathtub in his swim trunks on Christmas just to dissolve the fizzy balls . He was excited when the little Ben Ten guys showed up .
 THE DORA IN A BOX IS REALLY SOOOOOOOOOOOOO CUTE AND VERY WELL MADE . HOWEVER , THE PUT TOGETHER DIRECTIONS ARE LESS THAN WONDERFUL -- IT TOOK OVER AN HOUR TO PUT THE BOOK SHELF TOGETHER AND 4 HOURS TO PUT THE BED TOGETHER --------------- WE ARE VERY ADEPT AT PUTTING TOGETHER CHILDREN 'S TOYS -- WE KNOW WHAT WE ARE TALKING ABOUT ---------------- THE END RESULT IS WONDERFUL , HOWEVER , GETTING THERE IS NO LESS THAN TOTALLY FRUSTRATING !
 Excellent model . Has many details that make it look almost like a perfect grade model . Excellent articulations for great poses . Combine it with the Sazabi model kit makes a great fighting scene . The wings detach to form the funnels , wich can be attached to the stand with some sort of plastic tubes . For me the colors at the first time looked weird but after I finish it looks great . I suggest to put the stickers and dry transfer because they add to depth of the model , without them it look very bland . Painting is optional since almost every piece is white , blue or grey . The only complain I have is that the wings seem to be a little heavy , so posing without the stand is pain . Also the plastic tubes for the funnels tend to break after a time of being in the same position . It happen with my S. Freedom Full Burst Mode .
 I have been gunpla modeling for over 10 years and by far this is the most detailed beautiful piece of work available for master grade . Many extras .
 The big kahuna of Gundams . This model is what you would expect from the new line of MGs from Bandai . Unrivaled detail for a snap fit model in its class . I believe only the Japanese are designing models to this level of detail . Check out some YouTube model reviews .
 After I completed this bad boy , and finished panel lining and decals , I was blown away at the level of detail . I have built many MG 's , and this one has so much detail in comparison to others . When people see my other MG 's , it is usually the Hi Nu which they are most impressed with . It will definitely become a highlight of your collection .
 First off , this model has ALOT of parts . It will take a LONG time to finish . But its worth it , once complete it looks stunning . This is one of the best looking models I have ever done -LRB- Gundam or other -RRB- and it has some pretty great posability . Gundam fan or not , if you want a cool looking robot model that will give you hours upon hours of enjoyment , look no further !
 Well I do n't usually brag but this deal was just unheard of ! 3 2-packs for 12.00 - must have been a typo because the price went way up after I received mine - too bad since we were going to buy sets for my sons friends too . My son loves to play with wrestling figures and these 2-packs are at least 14.00 at Walmart . He plays rough and these stand up to repeated play without any trouble . They are well-made and are great likenesses to the real wrestlers - they came with great props too such as King Booker 's crown ! If we find them at 12.00 for 6 wrestling figures again we 'll be buying all we can ... 2 bucks/figure is a yard sale !
 My little boy just loves wrestling , and recieved this for christmas . You get six wrestlers all together . 3 packs of 2 wrestlers each , they come with accessories . You ca n't find this many wrestlers in stores for this price .
 I 've owned a few SafeTGard Adult Athletic Supporter Jockstraps for the past couple of years and this is definitely my favorite compared to other brands . I 'm a big guy , and the XXL fits perfectly . The material is comfortable , and keeps everything in place where it should be . When I receive them new , I always wash it once before I wear them because out of the box they are a bit stiff . After playing football , wrestling , and rugby for over 10 years wearing all different brands of jockstraps , this is the most comfortable jockstrap i 've ever worn .
 These are very comfortable , the fabirc is soft , yet keeps everything where it is supposed to be . Great support ! What more could you ask for in a jock strap ?
 I 'm not very athletic , so I 've never worn one of these before . But I got some surgery done and I have to wear one for a couple weeks . This one looked to be what I needed at a reasonable cost . Like another review stated , there are some loose threads that pop up every time I wash it . Do n't know how long it 'll last , but I do n't plan on wearing it much longer . The material has a very open weave . This can lead to occasional snags . Even after several washings the material is still a little scratchy . The waste band is nice . It does n't roll or bunch up . Overall it does it 's job , I just wish it was a little softer .
 I ` ve purchased several supporters from different stores that said they fit a 42 inch waist that were so tight that the band cut you in half . This brand of supporter fits snug but does n`t cut off your breathing as the others . The only con I have is that they say it ` s preshrunk but I recommend you hand wash it . I washed mine in my washer with my other clothes and it seemed to shrink some.Again I highly recommend this supporter and will order more than one the next time .
 While I ordered these a size larger than normal -LRB- based upon past experience with supporters -RRB- these are true to size . The one I purchased is too large , but I have no one to blame but myself . The material is comfortable , and am ordering one in the correct size . Gave 5 starts because of the quality of the material , sewing , and price .
 The supporter wears and fits well . but when i wash it the threading seems to be breaking down . Not sure how else to explain the thread and strings of thread hanging off of the item .
 Been wearing SafeTGard instead of briefs since some 8 years ago and would n't wear other jock , or briefs for that matter ! They fit perfectly , they 're cool , specially here in the tropics ...
 I wear a jock to the gym , and needed some new ones ! I made out like a bandit here ! Everything worked out-size , color and make perfect ! I 'd highly recommend both this jockstrap and Amazon to everyone !
 NIce feel and have held up well with usage . I do n't know what else to say , I 'm just filling up space because you have to write a minimum amount of words to complete this rating ! LOL !
 It 's not easy to find comfortable underwear , let alone a jock strap , if you 're a big guy or just not built like the models they use to advertise these types of things . Usually a jock is more comfortable for me than anything else , but most of them still are n't `` just right . '' I bought one of these just to try , and WOW best underwear I 've ever owned ! It keeps things where they need to be , does n't bind , pinch , or move around on you , the sizing is perfect , and looks sexy on top of all that -LRB- c'mon guys , we like to look sexy just like the ladies do - do n't deny it ! -RRB- . I loved it so much I came back and more -LRB- eight total -RRB- , and they 're my new daily underwear . Please do n't ever change how you make these , otherwise I may have to go commando ! The price is also unbeatable . I had the same problem some other reviewers gave where after the first two washings I saw a few rubber strands come out , but even if these only last me a year or so I 'm pleased given how inexpensive they are . Since I wear these every day as underwear , I do n't expect them to last forever anyway .
 Color option is nice . Very comfortable . Doesnt constrict like others Ive used . Great if you looking for support and less constriction overall
 Fits like the package sizing says , supports while on my biking and sporting events . I even returned a previous package because I thought I had lost more weight than I really did and they exchanged quickly and without issue . I did n't even have to pay shipping . Great !!
 wear them all the time and these are so comfortable and quite reasonably priced . they arrived on time and they wash and wear wonderfully . thanks .
 This product does just what it 's supposed to.The only downside is that the waist band is sometimes a little rough for extended wear .
 Thank you for sending this product , they are just what the docotor order and they fit very comfortable
 This kit is fantastic for the Uncleaned Roman coin collector in your life . It includes a CD database of Roman coins , so that you can Attribute your coin when it is clean . The brush enclosed worksgreat to brush off dirt , either dry or after soaking in distilled water.If you want to start collecting ancient coins this is the way to start .
 I bought this gift for my dad ... he is very difficult to buy for , and this kit was a big hit ... he loved the treasure hunting aspect of it !
 I gave one set of these to a coin collector and another to an ancient history lover . They were both delighted . I think this item is meant more for young people than adults , but my two recipients got a big kick out of them .
 WOW , these Care Bears Sing A Long bears are already adorable , but when they sing , they are downright irresistible!I remember snuggling with my Care Bears stuffed animals when I was young , and I was thrilled when they made a comeback so I could get one for my kids . This one is way way more fun than mine were because it sings ! And when you have two or more , they sing in `` round '' fashion , harmonizing and delighting listeners old and young!We 've given these as gifts , too , and they are a huge hit!Highly recommend , and worth every penny !
 This is adorable and can be used with or without the others in the set ! I ordered it for Christmas for my Grown Up Son ! hes been collecting these since he was 2 and loves them , they are great for any age !
 This is the cutest care bear . My daughter got this one and another sings along care bear for Christmas . What 's so great about it is that they interact . They talk to each other and sing together . My daughter -LRB- 3 years -RRB- loves them . Everyone that hears them and sees them has to smile . They are wonderful . I only wish I had bought the 3rd sings alongbear in the series . Now it is not available . These are great .
 While sitting on Santa 's lap , my 3 year old son asked for animals he could paint . He said he saw them in a catalog , which we could n't find , so we ordered this set from Amazon.com . We were very pleased and it was by far my son 's favorite Christmas gift . He could hardly wait to get his hands on them . -LRB- The customer photos posted are of my son . -RRB- A previous reviewer thought the animals were cheaply made and said their paint was hardened . Our paint was in perfect condition and adheared to the animals perfectly . The animals themselves , are made of a stiff rubber and are multiple pieces glued together , but seem to be sturdy and well put together . There was some glue residue around the glued pieces , but it was n't a problem and the paint went right over it . I guess for us , what was more important was the `` process '' of painting and not necessarily the fine art quality of the animals . I thought they were well made and perfectly suited for painting and overall this set is a wonderful value . The only thing that keeps it from getting that fifth star is that there was n't enough paint for my son to do all four animals . Granted , he slathered it on rather heavily , but I would have liked there to be more . We used Crayola poster paints for the rest , and while my son enjoyed the activity , the Crayola paint peeled off when it dried . Over all I feel like this is a wonderful toy and my son had a great time with it . It is not often that a 3 year old will keep at an activity for over an hour , but this one kept his attention for two separate sessions . I have a feeling this wo n't be the only set we buy ...
 My grandchildren loves these paint and play and I may be getting some more in the future for more gifts .
 When my daughter received this in Christmas she was delighted . She took her time and painted each figure . However , as she played with it the paint started shiping off . The figure holds very well , good quality but poor paint quality .
 I got these for my grand daughter . She really likes them . She really liked that she could paint them herself .
 yes , I know finding Nemo is for kids but can any of you honestly say you did n't enjoy it ? did n't think so , as having no kids myself -LRB- i 'm only 18 , give me time ! -RRB- i have no excuse for buying this toy other than the fact that it 's the cutest thing ever ! this toy is great for kids as it 's sooooo soft and it 's also good for adults for the same reason , besides , we 're all kids at heart
 My grandson loved Nemo ! I think it was the size and fact he is soft and huggable . Charming !
 I 've owned a few SafeTGard Adult Athletic Supporter Jockstraps for the past couple of years and this is definitely my favorite compared to other brands . I 'm a big guy , and the XXL fits perfectly . The material is comfortable , and keeps everything in place where it should be . When I receive them new , I always wash it once before I wear them because out of the box they are a bit stiff . After playing football , wrestling , and rugby for over 10 years wearing all different brands of jockstraps , this is the most comfortable jockstrap i 've ever worn .
 These are very comfortable , the fabirc is soft , yet keeps everything where it is supposed to be . Great support ! What more could you ask for in a jock strap ?
 I 'm not very athletic , so I 've never worn one of these before . But I got some surgery done and I have to wear one for a couple weeks . This one looked to be what I needed at a reasonable cost . Like another review stated , there are some loose threads that pop up every time I wash it . Do n't know how long it 'll last , but I do n't plan on wearing it much longer . The material has a very open weave . This can lead to occasional snags . Even after several washings the material is still a little scratchy . The waste band is nice . It does n't roll or bunch up . Overall it does it 's job , I just wish it was a little softer .
 I ` ve purchased several supporters from different stores that said they fit a 42 inch waist that were so tight that the band cut you in half . This brand of supporter fits snug but does n`t cut off your breathing as the others . The only con I have is that they say it ` s preshrunk but I recommend you hand wash it . I washed mine in my washer with my other clothes and it seemed to shrink some.Again I highly recommend this supporter and will order more than one the next time .
 While I ordered these a size larger than normal -LRB- based upon past experience with supporters -RRB- these are true to size . The one I purchased is too large , but I have no one to blame but myself . The material is comfortable , and am ordering one in the correct size . Gave 5 starts because of the quality of the material , sewing , and price .
 The supporter wears and fits well . but when i wash it the threading seems to be breaking down . Not sure how else to explain the thread and strings of thread hanging off of the item .
 Been wearing SafeTGard instead of briefs since some 8 years ago and would n't wear other jock , or briefs for that matter ! They fit perfectly , they 're cool , specially here in the tropics ...
 I wear a jock to the gym , and needed some new ones ! I made out like a bandit here ! Everything worked out-size , color and make perfect ! I 'd highly recommend both this jockstrap and Amazon to everyone !
 NIce feel and have held up well with usage . I do n't know what else to say , I 'm just filling up space because you have to write a minimum amount of words to complete this rating ! LOL !
 It 's not easy to find comfortable underwear , let alone a jock strap , if you 're a big guy or just not built like the models they use to advertise these types of things . Usually a jock is more comfortable for me than anything else , but most of them still are n't `` just right . '' I bought one of these just to try , and WOW best underwear I 've ever owned ! It keeps things where they need to be , does n't bind , pinch , or move around on you , the sizing is perfect , and looks sexy on top of all that -LRB- c'mon guys , we like to look sexy just like the ladies do - do n't deny it ! -RRB- . I loved it so much I came back and more -LRB- eight total -RRB- , and they 're my new daily underwear . Please do n't ever change how you make these , otherwise I may have to go commando ! The price is also unbeatable . I had the same problem some other reviewers gave where after the first two washings I saw a few rubber strands come out , but even if these only last me a year or so I 'm pleased given how inexpensive they are . Since I wear these every day as underwear , I do n't expect them to last forever anyway .
 Color option is nice . Very comfortable . Doesnt constrict like others Ive used . Great if you looking for support and less constriction overall
 Fits like the package sizing says , supports while on my biking and sporting events . I even returned a previous package because I thought I had lost more weight than I really did and they exchanged quickly and without issue . I did n't even have to pay shipping . Great !!
 wear them all the time and these are so comfortable and quite reasonably priced . they arrived on time and they wash and wear wonderfully . thanks .
 This product does just what it 's supposed to.The only downside is that the waist band is sometimes a little rough for extended wear .
 Thank you for sending this product , they are just what the docotor order and they fit very comfortable
 I 've owned a few SafeTGard Adult Athletic Supporter Jockstraps for the past couple of years and this is definitely my favorite compared to other brands . I 'm a big guy , and the XXL fits perfectly . The material is comfortable , and keeps everything in place where it should be . When I receive them new , I always wash it once before I wear them because out of the box they are a bit stiff . After playing football , wrestling , and rugby for over 10 years wearing all different brands of jockstraps , this is the most comfortable jockstrap i 've ever worn .
 These are very comfortable , the fabirc is soft , yet keeps everything where it is supposed to be . Great support ! What more could you ask for in a jock strap ?
 I 'm not very athletic , so I 've never worn one of these before . But I got some surgery done and I have to wear one for a couple weeks . This one looked to be what I needed at a reasonable cost . Like another review stated , there are some loose threads that pop up every time I wash it . Do n't know how long it 'll last , but I do n't plan on wearing it much longer . The material has a very open weave . This can lead to occasional snags . Even after several washings the material is still a little scratchy . The waste band is nice . It does n't roll or bunch up . Overall it does it 's job , I just wish it was a little softer .
 I ` ve purchased several supporters from different stores that said they fit a 42 inch waist that were so tight that the band cut you in half . This brand of supporter fits snug but does n`t cut off your breathing as the others . The only con I have is that they say it ` s preshrunk but I recommend you hand wash it . I washed mine in my washer with my other clothes and it seemed to shrink some.Again I highly recommend this supporter and will order more than one the next time .
 While I ordered these a size larger than normal -LRB- based upon past experience with supporters -RRB- these are true to size . The one I purchased is too large , but I have no one to blame but myself . The material is comfortable , and am ordering one in the correct size . Gave 5 starts because of the quality of the material , sewing , and price .
 The supporter wears and fits well . but when i wash it the threading seems to be breaking down . Not sure how else to explain the thread and strings of thread hanging off of the item .
 Been wearing SafeTGard instead of briefs since some 8 years ago and would n't wear other jock , or briefs for that matter ! They fit perfectly , they 're cool , specially here in the tropics ...
 NIce feel and have held up well with usage . I do n't know what else to say , I 'm just filling up space because you have to write a minimum amount of words to complete this rating ! LOL !
 It 's not easy to find comfortable underwear , let alone a jock strap , if you 're a big guy or just not built like the models they use to advertise these types of things . Usually a jock is more comfortable for me than anything else , but most of them still are n't `` just right . '' I bought one of these just to try , and WOW best underwear I 've ever owned ! It keeps things where they need to be , does n't bind , pinch , or move around on you , the sizing is perfect , and looks sexy on top of all that -LRB- c'mon guys , we like to look sexy just like the ladies do - do n't deny it ! -RRB- . I loved it so much I came back and more -LRB- eight total -RRB- , and they 're my new daily underwear . Please do n't ever change how you make these , otherwise I may have to go commando ! The price is also unbeatable . I had the same problem some other reviewers gave where after the first two washings I saw a few rubber strands come out , but even if these only last me a year or so I 'm pleased given how inexpensive they are . Since I wear these every day as underwear , I do n't expect them to last forever anyway .
 Color option is nice . Very comfortable . Doesnt constrict like others Ive used . Great if you looking for support and less constriction overall
 Fits like the package sizing says , supports while on my biking and sporting events . I even returned a previous package because I thought I had lost more weight than I really did and they exchanged quickly and without issue . I did n't even have to pay shipping . Great !!
 wear them all the time and these are so comfortable and quite reasonably priced . they arrived on time and they wash and wear wonderfully . thanks .
 This product does just what it 's supposed to.The only downside is that the waist band is sometimes a little rough for extended wear .
 Thank you for sending this product , they are just what the docotor order and they fit very comfortable
 NIce feel and have held up well with usage . I do n't know what else to say , I 'm just filling up space because you have to write a minimum amount of words to complete this rating ! LOL !
 It 's not easy to find comfortable underwear , let alone a jock strap , if you 're a big guy or just not built like the models they use to advertise these types of things . Usually a jock is more comfortable for me than anything else , but most of them still are n't `` just right . '' I bought one of these just to try , and WOW best underwear I 've ever owned ! It keeps things where they need to be , does n't bind , pinch , or move around on you , the sizing is perfect , and looks sexy on top of all that -LRB- c'mon guys , we like to look sexy just like the ladies do - do n't deny it ! -RRB- . I loved it so much I came back and more -LRB- eight total -RRB- , and they 're my new daily underwear . Please do n't ever change how you make these , otherwise I may have to go commando ! The price is also unbeatable . I had the same problem some other reviewers gave where after the first two washings I saw a few rubber strands come out , but even if these only last me a year or so I 'm pleased given how inexpensive they are . Since I wear these every day as underwear , I do n't expect them to last forever anyway .
 Color option is nice . Very comfortable . Doesnt constrict like others Ive used . Great if you looking for support and less constriction overall
 Fits like the package sizing says , supports while on my biking and sporting events . I even returned a previous package because I thought I had lost more weight than I really did and they exchanged quickly and without issue . I did n't even have to pay shipping . Great !!
 wear them all the time and these are so comfortable and quite reasonably priced . they arrived on time and they wash and wear wonderfully . thanks .
 This product does just what it 's supposed to.The only downside is that the waist band is sometimes a little rough for extended wear .
 Thank you for sending this product , they are just what the docotor order and they fit very comfortable
 I 've owned a few SafeTGard Adult Athletic Supporter Jockstraps for the past couple of years and this is definitely my favorite compared to other brands . I 'm a big guy , and the XXL fits perfectly . The material is comfortable , and keeps everything in place where it should be . When I receive them new , I always wash it once before I wear them because out of the box they are a bit stiff . After playing football , wrestling , and rugby for over 10 years wearing all different brands of jockstraps , this is the most comfortable jockstrap i 've ever worn .
 These are very comfortable , the fabirc is soft , yet keeps everything where it is supposed to be . Great support ! What more could you ask for in a jock strap ?
 I 'm not very athletic , so I 've never worn one of these before . But I got some surgery done and I have to wear one for a couple weeks . This one looked to be what I needed at a reasonable cost . Like another review stated , there are some loose threads that pop up every time I wash it . Do n't know how long it 'll last , but I do n't plan on wearing it much longer . The material has a very open weave . This can lead to occasional snags . Even after several washings the material is still a little scratchy . The waste band is nice . It does n't roll or bunch up . Overall it does it 's job , I just wish it was a little softer .
 I ` ve purchased several supporters from different stores that said they fit a 42 inch waist that were so tight that the band cut you in half . This brand of supporter fits snug but does n`t cut off your breathing as the others . The only con I have is that they say it ` s preshrunk but I recommend you hand wash it . I washed mine in my washer with my other clothes and it seemed to shrink some.Again I highly recommend this supporter and will order more than one the next time .
 While I ordered these a size larger than normal -LRB- based upon past experience with supporters -RRB- these are true to size . The one I purchased is too large , but I have no one to blame but myself . The material is comfortable , and am ordering one in the correct size . Gave 5 starts because of the quality of the material , sewing , and price .
 The supporter wears and fits well . but when i wash it the threading seems to be breaking down . Not sure how else to explain the thread and strings of thread hanging off of the item .
 Been wearing SafeTGard instead of briefs since some 8 years ago and would n't wear other jock , or briefs for that matter ! They fit perfectly , they 're cool , specially here in the tropics ...
 I 've only seen pictures , but my grandson loves this . He 's 2 and loves helping Daddy .
 My son always wanted to play with a tape measure , but since they are sharp on the edges , it was n't safe . I got this for him so that he would have his own . He likes it well , and it works fine . It is large , and you have to crank it to rewind the tape , which is not much like a real one . But he likes the toy , so for the price it was a good purchase .
 We have n't had our twin 2-year old 's play with these yet , but our older daughter seemed to have fun with it for a day or so . We 're holding these till their birthday in a few more weeks , so that will be when the true test for fun and durability begins .
 My son loves this tape measure . It is the first toy he reaches for in his toolbox . It is a little tough for him to roll up , but that does not stop him from measuring everything .
 My son loves this tool . I 'm teaching him how to measure stuff & it 's easy for him to use . It rolls up & pulls out easily .
 My granddaughter enjoys playing with this item , We found it to be of very good quality . The item was packed and shipped as advertised .
 Grandson loved it . Great for motor skills . this gives him things to get his creative process going . LOVE IT , grandson loved it . .
 Since my granddaughter likes to play with her grandfather 's tape measure , I thought she should have one of her own . She 's 3 and likes to play with it , though it is a little hard for her to crank the tape back in .
 Seems to be made well . Grandson is enjoying it ! I remember when my son had one , it 's one toy that last for a long time .
 This tape measure is just what my son needed . He has stress tested our real tape measures and they failed ! This one is made very well . The tape is only 3ft long which my 3yr old wishes was longer . But I guess for safety reasons this is a good idea . He does not find it difficult to wind up like some have mentioned but I have a very determined child ! Would definately buy again .
 This tape measure is super-sized , with easy to read numbers -LRB- and no danger of slicing little hands , as we had feared might happen when our son began playing with Daddy 's tape measure ! -RRB- . It has a carrying handle , and is fully functional , a perfect addition to our 5 year old 's pretend play arsenal . : -RRB-
 This product has been wonderful ! We 've had it for a few months now and it 's held up wonderfully . My children have n't had any trouble reeling the tape back in - just thought I 'd mention that since other reviewers mentioned it had been an issue for them . It is nice and safe , unlike a real measuring tape which was my biggest desire . It 's a lot of fun to use . It 's not super long , which can be frustrating for the kids at times and does limit it 's abilities . Despite it 's short length I think it 's fabulous . It gets played with constantly at our house for actual measuring and just laying out toys along it or pretending to be handy like Daddy .
 My four year old loves this . He has been measuring everything in the house . So far , it has withstood MULTIPLE drops on concrete , carpet , linoleum , and dirt . He is very happy with it .
 I got this for my &#34; fix it &#34; obsessed 2 year old and I was pleasantly surprised . The tape measure is huge and perfect for a 2 year old !!! He really enjoys pulling it out to &#34; measure &#34; and then winding it back up .
 -LRB- See my other comments on the toys I bought for a three-year-old contractor in waiting . This particular item , though , was a little bit clumsy . Hard to roll back when a tot is still a little uncoordinated . But still , it made him very happy . Now mommy just has to make sure to roll it back the right way after each use .
 This item was larger than I thought it would be but it will be good for my 2 year old grandson to hold and use &#34; like Daddy &#34;
 I bought this toy for my 2 year old son , who loves to do manual labor . I hope you enjoy it much
 great delivery time and the kids enjoy the tape measures.Thank you very much.My son had these when he was young and wore it out.They still make them after 20 years
 I bought this for my 21 month old . He absolutely loves it . My 4 year old loves it , too . It 's great for kids .
 Cute little tape measure to go with the tool set for a toddler . I gave it to my grandson , and he loves it !
 my son loves tools and this is a really great toy tape measure . totally worth the money , I highly recommend it .
 Bought this for my 5 year old , as he is obsessed with my tape measure -LRB- to the point of breaking them -RRB- . So I bought this for him , and now he measures things all the day long . It 's really great for kids and it 's durable . Much more durable than my real tape measure ... hahaha .
 This toy was a bit larger then I expected but my nephew loves it ! He was always using the adult tape measure so this was a great substitute . As a boy he can be pretty tough on toys and it has held up very well . He also can wind it up pretty easily . Great toy for the money .
 This toy is exactly what is says , a toy tape measure . It 's a bit larger than I expected , but that makes it easy for my daughter to use it.Only complaint is that it is too difficult to wind up . Not to the point of being unusable , but tougher than expected .
 My grandson loves this tape measure . It is safe for him and keeps him from trying to get the harmful metal tape measure of his dad 's .
 Kids loved this oversized tape measure ... just like their dad uses . Wished it would be longer than 3 feet but i 'm sure there 's some sort of regulation on that . It winds up nice and its been pretty durable . Great addition to your kids tool set ! they like it alot
 Most of the reviews are from parents of boys , but I bought this for my 2 year old girl for Christmas . She and my 6 year old girl love playing with it . It seems durable and easy to use . My 6 year old likes to use it as a dog collar/leash for her stuffed dogs , too .
 My 3 yr . old son has this to go with his workbench and he measures everything he sees ! Very cute for pretend play !
 My two year old son loves tape measures so I bought this for him . He loves to play with it . It is still a little hard for him to wind and unwind , but it will be easier as he gets a little older . Overall , this is a good toy .
 My two year old loves to measure everything with this and now I do n't worry about his fingers getting injured on daddys real one .
 My 3 y/o daughter loves to help daddy measure . This tape measure is nice but kind of hard for her to roll up alone . She can do it but it 's a bit hard & she gets frustrated at times . Also very big so it 's not really like daddy 's ... but she likes it
 It 's a tape measure . Medium quality plastic . The pull part is soft and doesnt pull out of the handle -LRB- as in doesnt break easily -RRB- my kids always want our tape measures , and this is a safe alternative !
 Purchased this for our 2 1/2 year old grandson . We measured everything and everyone in the house right away - then measured everything over again ! He loved it !
 My son loves this toy . He can play with it for hours just measuring things and it 's always fun watching him play with it .
 My son loves to help my husband around the house . I had the hardest time keeping him away from the real tape measure and then found this tape measure online . Now I just have to say , get your own ` measure ' -LRB- as he calls it -RRB- and there is no more fighting . It 's safe and is long enough that he feels he is actually helping daddy . Last night he told me ` look mommy , I am counting too ' Great toy .
 I bought this for my son 's 2nd birthday and it 's something he just does n't want to put down!It is a bit tough to wind the tape back in , so he pulls it out , hands it back to me to rewind , and then pulls it out again.We also used it one time , when we could n't locate our tape measure - so it 's fun for parents , too !
 This toy is a winner in my daycare . The children love pulling out the tape and reeling it back in . Also pretend to measure objects . They can learn numbers in a fun way . They play with it for long periods of time . Great toy for your child or bought as a gift .
 I bought this toy for my 3-year-old granddaughter who loves tools . This tape measure is big and the quality is great . The problem is that she can not wind it back in because it is hard to turn . I even have to use a bit of strength to wind it in . So , she gets very frustrated with it .
 Awesome product . . it 's large and lots of fun , definately worth the money ! My son just loves it!Learning Resources Pretend and Play Tape Measure
 This is a really great tape measure and no matter how many times he pulls it out to its maximum and pulls , it does n't come unattached and is really durable . I have even used it once or twice for quick measurements . I definitely think boys should have their own tools , especially if you do n't want them messing with yours .
 My grandson has oodles of fun with this toy . He loves to pull the tape out and watch g-ma roll it back in . The tape makes a noise when he pulls it out and this sets off gales of laughter . It 's been a whole lot of fun .
 This is a great learning toy . My kids like it a lot . It gives her a basic idea about measurement . She is having good time with it .
 this was a graduation gift for my 4 yr old and he just loves building things . this really helps him learn measurements and numbers and its just so much phone beause its so realistic
 My grandson loves it.His is bigger than grandpa 's , so he now leaves grandpa 's tape alone . Which is much safer .
 toddler toy , durable , bright colors , teaches push/pull and later measuring skills , imagination toy to copy measuring things as modeled by adults , have some concerns about possible sharpness of sides of tape measure -LRB- plastic -RRB- , might require educating how to use correctly to prevent similar to paper cuts , nice for gift
 This gift was purchased as an `` extra '' something for my four year old grandson at Christmas . At first he was not so excited about it and thanked me politely . Since Christmas when I go to visit I have seen him measure his sisters height the length of tables and anything that interests him . It is not something he plays with all the time but he does enjoy it . It is a good tool for learning .
 This was delivered in time for christmas . Child uses it like an adult would , only it is his own . Measures items like an adult . seems pretty durable.Enjoys adding up inches and feet so it is quite educational
 My son loves this measuring tape and has measured dozens of things from around the house . It measures up to 36 inches or 100cm so it 's not incredibly long , but still good enough for most stuff . It is easy to pull out and wind back up and withstands the bashes that a toddler inflicts on the toy .
 Bought as a gift for my grandson . He likes to build and enjoys tools . This was nice addition to his tool toys .
 Got this for my 3 year old 's birthday and he loves to measure and now uses his right next to his daddy when they are working . He really has taken a liking to tools and bought this with his drill and fammer toy so now he is set . Great price .
 One of the main reasons I got this was for durability , which it definitely gets an A + on . However , it 's difficult for small children to wind it back up . They love to pull it out , but you will spend a lot of time winding it back up . Unless yours does like mine and ties it around things to haul them around ! -LRB- Told you durability was important to us ! -RRB- But the main reason I said adult supervision is that small children struggle with understanding measurement , so if you want to take advantage of the educational aspect , plan to be very hands on in teaching and re-teaching and re-teaching how to use it and what the numbers really mean . Overall , great toy , except for the difficulty in winding it .
 Got this for our 2-year old grandson for Christmas . He loved it ! He carried it around and practiced pulling and rewinding the tape all weekend . Seems very safe - the cautions of age limit and small parts seemed to be overstated by the mfg.
 My 3 year old loved getting this for Christmas . He helps me measure anytime I have my tape measure out . He knows how to turn the handle to wind it up once done . Measurements could be used but he does n't understand that yet . So nice that he has one he loves to use & is safe for him .
 My 2.5 yr old got this for Christmas . He was always trying to use Daddy 's metal one , so this one is a great substitute . It is easy for small hands to use . He really enjoys it .
 This tape measure has been used constantly since Valentine 's day . My grandson just loves to measure his toys , the tables , the dog , the cat , anything that will be still long enough to measure . He stores it in his play work station and loves it .
 This tape measure has been fun for my son . He loves to go around and measure things . It does seem sturdy enough to last . He has been rough with it and it still works .
 The perfect solution for my toddler who has a facination with Daddy 's tape measure ! Great size and the tape measure is soft and flexible so it wo n't cut any little fingers .
 My 3 year old son loves this Tape Measure , he was always begging to play with Daddy 's so we got this for him and it kept him busy with measuring EVERYTHING in the house . . his favorite ? Our heads!The tape measure itself is great quality , it is sturdy , attached well to the base , and soft , but tough so it does not cut any little fingers . I do wish there was a mechanism to put the tape up rather then rolling ... My son never does the rolling . Would have been great if it had a pull . I 'm sure that would help in keeping him more interested as well . Either way this is a great Tape Measure and I would certainly buy it again for the 5 and under crowd .
 Heavy Metal L-Gaim was a show directed by Yoshiyuki Tomino -LRB- director of the original Gundam series -RRB- . The mecha designs were by Mamoru Nagano , who would later go on to create the Five Star Stories manga , with its own unique setting and mecha . This mech , the L-Gaim Mk . II is the protagonist Daba Myroad 's upgrade of the original L-Gaim . Despite the age of the show , the engineering of this model is very modern - this kit is pretty much 99 % nub free once its all completed , thanks to clever parts placement as well as complete undergating . It uses very few polycaps , but where they 're placed is incredibly strong -LRB- mostly around balljoints -RRB- . I do n't even have a problem with the waist , and the soft rubber piece does a fine job keeping the kit from tilting to one side -LRB- if you mount on just one of those binders -RRB- . It only looks dated on the outside , and that 's the whole point of the R3 line . The articulation is pretty bleh , but most Nagano designs are more standing-pose anyway.The biggest flaw with the kit though are the upper knee joints , which are made of a super thin ABS connection , that while it wo n't break , definitely gets floppy very quickly . It 's even worse than any of MG Crossbone 's joints . That joint is crucial to holding up the legs during the transformation , and by even by performing the transformation it will quickly get loose -LRB- seriously , it got floppy by the third transformation -RRB- . There 's also that blasted 14-inch buster rifle , which is almost impossible to pose with -LRB- even moreso with aiming -RRB- . From the backpack , to the midget arms and weak-grip hands -LRB- Turn A-sized -RRB- , do n't expect it to do anything more than a few poses holding the rifle like a staff.The transformation is simple in theory - but fiddly . The upper torso has these pegs that fold out to attach to the legs when they 're folded inward , but getting both of them to slot into this peg is very difficult . In addition , there is a joint inside the pelvis connected to the hips ; the instructions tell you to shift it during transformation . It worked well the first 2 or 3 times , but by the 4th time , the joints got torn right off on my model . I was able to fix it , but that joint is no longer workable , but thankfully that does n't affect the transformation much at all . However , it is a model and not a toy , and should not be transformed more than a few times.The best aspect of the kit though is the size . Almost tall as Master Grade Sazabi . It 's massive and imposing , and can definitely be the centerpiece of any collection . Just be sure to give it panel lines , though most people probably already know that .5500 yen is way too expensive for it , considering the amount of pieces , but the prices have really dropped here in the US . I bought on Amazon for $ 45 almost a year ago , and they still have it in stock . Definitely pick one up .
 I like how this car is detailed . It definitely feels like I have a scale model of a real Willys in the house . Some toys end up being just a vague representation , but this one is done right .
 Bought several sets for my Granddaughter for Christmas . She enjoys all of them and spends hours playing with them . Good choice for little girls .
 My child loves this toy . It goes well with the other cabbage patch furniture and the sprouts . Highly recommend to children who like to play with cabbage patch toys . There are very small parts that go with this toy so do not leave out if you have a child under 3 or if you child tends to put things in his/her mouth .
 My daughter LOVES this toy along with the other cabbage patch kids lil sprouts dolls . They are so dang cute , they come with all the fun accessories to feed the baby etc. and the baby moves nicely so its easy to play with her the way you want .
 This is a great toy . Be careful , because there are small parts . Not for Toddlers .
 This is a great product , as is all cabbage patch items . I thought very hard between Barbies and Lil ' Sprouts for my 4 year old , it came down to this , I felt that at this age Barbies was more for the older kids , that is my opinion . Barbies has breasts and undies and all that were Lil ' Sprouts is perfect for little kids because it really does n't show much yet . When my daughter is older I 'm sure she will get Barbies , but as for now I 'd rather her not be introduced into that World of Make Beleive play until she is a little older . Thanks Lil ' Sprouts , Love them !
 These dolls are great . They are just like those in the movie and my daughter loves them . She especially loves that they have the pull strings . They have hard plastic heads , hands and boots , but soft bodies.Here is my biggest complaint
 The toys have shown that they are durable . These were purchased for my younger child as her older boys have loved their Woody from 7 years ago and will not let her play with it . They are designed in such a way to make you happy just to hold them .
 my daughter her dolls she is five and loves toy story in oct when hurrican sandy came to the rockaways and destroyed our home and belonings my daughter lost her woody and jessy dolls so this dolls made her christmas specail
 these toy pullstring Jessie & Woody dolls are to much fun . we love them they are so authentic great value Amazon Rocks
 My two-year-old is absolutely in love with Jessie and Woody so this was the perfect Christmas gift for her . The dolls came just as I expected , though there were a few stains on their faces that I was able to remove with a Magic Eraser . My only complaints are that the hats do n't stay on very well and when Jessie and Woody talk -LRB- by pulling on the string -RRB- it 's really quiet . Other than that , these are the perfect gift for a Toy Story fan .
 Excellent size and quality . If your child is a `` Toy Story '' fan , they will absolutely love these dolls .
 This is an excellent toy . My daughter loves Woody & Jesse , they go everywhere with us . They seem well made and are surviving the abuse from a 2.5 yr of .
 Lots of fun for my son and daughter -LRB- 3 and 1 -RRB- . The only problem we 've had is that if the kid 's drag or hang them by their strings for too long the voice runs out .
 My Grandsons like long trains so I bought several &#34; Thomas &#34; cars to go with the HO scale starter set I purchased for Christmas . The only problem I have with this item is the problem I have with the set -- it is difficult to uncouple the cars . I devised a tool from some flat aluminum stock to insert under the couplers which I can use to un-couple the cars ; however , my 5-year-old Grandsons find it difficult to use . They find it frustrating , but they have n't broken one yet . I guess that 's good .
 This product is fantastic . It is sturdy , and accurate to the series . It is detailed , and runs great on a layout . It is compatible with Hornby engines too . I highly recommend this purchase .
 My son used this truck to learn to walk ! We had standard walkers , but he would instead push this around the house.He got so attached to it , we eventually bought two , just in case his broke . It never did break though , it 's very durable . The tailgate pops off a lot though , which to some kids is the end of the world .
 I bought this for my son 's 2nd birthday . His entire world consists of trucks , hummers , `` Cars '' vehicles , and construction vehicles -LRB- or so he thinks -RRB- . He loves this truck ! I was extremely impressed with the size and durability of the truck . Durability is a high priority on my list when it comes to my Baby Bullmoose ! I did not expect it to have any educational value ... it 's a truck ; so , do n't be discouraged by the rating on education . It 's a great truck for busy , little guys to play with and knock around !
 The Tonka truck was for my grandson for his birthday . His first Tonka Truck . He loved it . Could n't even wait to get it out of the box . He turned one yrs . old and he started trying to sit on the top and he did and it held up . Good going Tonka .
 This toy was so much fun . I played with it for hours , trying to get my stack just right . It is so awesome . It 's really different.It is also lots of fun to play against my friends . The more NakNak figures you get the cooler it is.We started trading the NakNaks . I have almost all of the figures .
 I think that naknaks are very neat . I 've been collecting them for a while now . There is only one problem with them ... WHAT HAPPENED TO THEIR WEBSITE ?? Anyway , my favorite clik is the dominaks . They 're just so ... well , different ! Anyway , I think naknaks are awesome !
 I wear a jock to the gym , and needed some new ones ! I made out like a bandit here ! Everything worked out-size , color and make perfect ! I 'd highly recommend both this jockstrap and Amazon to everyone !
 NIce feel and have held up well with usage . I do n't know what else to say , I 'm just filling up space because you have to write a minimum amount of words to complete this rating ! LOL !
 It 's not easy to find comfortable underwear , let alone a jock strap , if you 're a big guy or just not built like the models they use to advertise these types of things . Usually a jock is more comfortable for me than anything else , but most of them still are n't `` just right . '' I bought one of these just to try , and WOW best underwear I 've ever owned ! It keeps things where they need to be , does n't bind , pinch , or move around on you , the sizing is perfect , and looks sexy on top of all that -LRB- c'mon guys , we like to look sexy just like the ladies do - do n't deny it ! -RRB- . I loved it so much I came back and more -LRB- eight total -RRB- , and they 're my new daily underwear . Please do n't ever change how you make these , otherwise I may have to go commando ! The price is also unbeatable . I had the same problem some other reviewers gave where after the first two washings I saw a few rubber strands come out , but even if these only last me a year or so I 'm pleased given how inexpensive they are . Since I wear these every day as underwear , I do n't expect them to last forever anyway .
 Color option is nice . Very comfortable . Doesnt constrict like others Ive used . Great if you looking for support and less constriction overall
 Fits like the package sizing says , supports while on my biking and sporting events . I even returned a previous package because I thought I had lost more weight than I really did and they exchanged quickly and without issue . I did n't even have to pay shipping . Great !!
 wear them all the time and these are so comfortable and quite reasonably priced . they arrived on time and they wash and wear wonderfully . thanks .
 This product does just what it 's supposed to.The only downside is that the waist band is sometimes a little rough for extended wear .
 Thank you for sending this product , they are just what the docotor order and they fit very comfortable
 I 've owned a few SafeTGard Adult Athletic Supporter Jockstraps for the past couple of years and this is definitely my favorite compared to other brands . I 'm a big guy , and the XXL fits perfectly . The material is comfortable , and keeps everything in place where it should be . When I receive them new , I always wash it once before I wear them because out of the box they are a bit stiff . After playing football , wrestling , and rugby for over 10 years wearing all different brands of jockstraps , this is the most comfortable jockstrap i 've ever worn .
 These are very comfortable , the fabirc is soft , yet keeps everything where it is supposed to be . Great support ! What more could you ask for in a jock strap ?
 I 'm not very athletic , so I 've never worn one of these before . But I got some surgery done and I have to wear one for a couple weeks . This one looked to be what I needed at a reasonable cost . Like another review stated , there are some loose threads that pop up every time I wash it . Do n't know how long it 'll last , but I do n't plan on wearing it much longer . The material has a very open weave . This can lead to occasional snags . Even after several washings the material is still a little scratchy . The waste band is nice . It does n't roll or bunch up . Overall it does it 's job , I just wish it was a little softer .
 I ` ve purchased several supporters from different stores that said they fit a 42 inch waist that were so tight that the band cut you in half . This brand of supporter fits snug but does n`t cut off your breathing as the others . The only con I have is that they say it ` s preshrunk but I recommend you hand wash it . I washed mine in my washer with my other clothes and it seemed to shrink some.Again I highly recommend this supporter and will order more than one the next time .
 While I ordered these a size larger than normal -LRB- based upon past experience with supporters -RRB- these are true to size . The one I purchased is too large , but I have no one to blame but myself . The material is comfortable , and am ordering one in the correct size . Gave 5 starts because of the quality of the material , sewing , and price .
 The supporter wears and fits well . but when i wash it the threading seems to be breaking down . Not sure how else to explain the thread and strings of thread hanging off of the item .
 Been wearing SafeTGard instead of briefs since some 8 years ago and would n't wear other jock , or briefs for that matter ! They fit perfectly , they 're cool , specially here in the tropics ...
 Minus the educational value , since I dont see any 18 '' tall toy to be educational , this figure is awesome!Amazon forgot to state that it also comes with a cross , along with the infamous horseshoe used to burn demons . The figure itself is fully articulated - you can turn the lower legs , upper legs , widen his stance , twist his waist & tail , turn his chest , move the head , 360 the arms , and the Hand of Doom can also be turned in 2 locations . All packed in an oversized collector 's box!Hope Amazon will restock for anyone who missed out on the sale . Also , check out the pictures I have submitted and see Hellboy 's size when compared with the Final Fantasy Advent Children figures . Think King Kong . Incredible !
 Personally , I think the Aquadoodle pad is great . My 5 year old enjoys it , but my 4 year old has more fun dumping the water out of the pens . It really does n't make that much of a mess though ! : -RRB- Either way , this certainly gives them more opportunities for playing and sharing . I just set my 2 little kids at the counter & let them play ! If you 're buying the pad , BUY THIS TOO !
 I was very pleased with my purchase of the pens and stamps . I have 2 1/2 year old twins that have a hard time sharing with eachother . There is enough here to keep them both happy .
 Product is great - grandkids love it and I think it is worth the money
 Very fun . Odd that the pens open and close backwards , but last a long time and hold enough water for hours of entertainment .
 personally i feel that the aquadoodle mat should come with this combo pack . . i purchased this as the mat only comes with one pen and my son 's play buddies do n't always like to share . . they have a blast with it . . def worth it !
 I bought the combo pack because we needed a replacement pen for her aquadoodle pad . I thought that the 3 basic shapes -LRB- circle , square , triangle -RRB- would quickly bore my 4 year old . But my daughter loves this combo pack . The stamps are fun and she can refill the stamp pad on her own . The stamps allow her to make `` perfect '' shapes . She can also trace around them to make bigger shapes . She also discovered that she could dip her hand and other toys in the stamp pad to make different shapes . -LRB- The ring holding the stamps does n't close and is not an effective storage solution to keep it all together . -RRB-
 These extra pens and stampers are a great addition to the Aqua Doodle . I was surprised to see that the Aqua Doodle only came with one pen , and with friends or siblings that just is n't enough . So with the additional pens , and also the stamps , this is a toy that can be enjoyed by more than one person at a time .
 I like it !!! Excuse me for my bad english
 I 've owned a few SafeTGard Adult Athletic Supporter Jockstraps for the past couple of years and this is definitely my favorite compared to other brands . I 'm a big guy , and the XXL fits perfectly . The material is comfortable , and keeps everything in place where it should be . When I receive them new , I always wash it once before I wear them because out of the box they are a bit stiff . After playing football , wrestling , and rugby for over 10 years wearing all different brands of jockstraps , this is the most comfortable jockstrap i 've ever worn .
 These are very comfortable , the fabirc is soft , yet keeps everything where it is supposed to be . Great support ! What more could you ask for in a jock strap ?
 I 'm not very athletic , so I 've never worn one of these before . But I got some surgery done and I have to wear one for a couple weeks . This one looked to be what I needed at a reasonable cost . Like another review stated , there are some loose threads that pop up every time I wash it . Do n't know how long it 'll last , but I do n't plan on wearing it much longer . The material has a very open weave . This can lead to occasional snags . Even after several washings the material is still a little scratchy . The waste band is nice . It does n't roll or bunch up . Overall it does it 's job , I just wish it was a little softer .
 I ` ve purchased several supporters from different stores that said they fit a 42 inch waist that were so tight that the band cut you in half . This brand of supporter fits snug but does n`t cut off your breathing as the others . The only con I have is that they say it ` s preshrunk but I recommend you hand wash it . I washed mine in my washer with my other clothes and it seemed to shrink some.Again I highly recommend this supporter and will order more than one the next time .
 While I ordered these a size larger than normal -LRB- based upon past experience with supporters -RRB- these are true to size . The one I purchased is too large , but I have no one to blame but myself . The material is comfortable , and am ordering one in the correct size . Gave 5 starts because of the quality of the material , sewing , and price .
 The supporter wears and fits well . but when i wash it the threading seems to be breaking down . Not sure how else to explain the thread and strings of thread hanging off of the item .
 Been wearing SafeTGard instead of briefs since some 8 years ago and would n't wear other jock , or briefs for that matter ! They fit perfectly , they 're cool , specially here in the tropics ...
 I wear a jock to the gym , and needed some new ones ! I made out like a bandit here ! Everything worked out-size , color and make perfect ! I 'd highly recommend both this jockstrap and Amazon to everyone !
 NIce feel and have held up well with usage . I do n't know what else to say , I 'm just filling up space because you have to write a minimum amount of words to complete this rating ! LOL !
 It 's not easy to find comfortable underwear , let alone a jock strap , if you 're a big guy or just not built like the models they use to advertise these types of things . Usually a jock is more comfortable for me than anything else , but most of them still are n't `` just right . '' I bought one of these just to try , and WOW best underwear I 've ever owned ! It keeps things where they need to be , does n't bind , pinch , or move around on you , the sizing is perfect , and looks sexy on top of all that -LRB- c'mon guys , we like to look sexy just like the ladies do - do n't deny it ! -RRB- . I loved it so much I came back and more -LRB- eight total -RRB- , and they 're my new daily underwear . Please do n't ever change how you make these , otherwise I may have to go commando ! The price is also unbeatable . I had the same problem some other reviewers gave where after the first two washings I saw a few rubber strands come out , but even if these only last me a year or so I 'm pleased given how inexpensive they are . Since I wear these every day as underwear , I do n't expect them to last forever anyway .
 Color option is nice . Very comfortable . Doesnt constrict like others Ive used . Great if you looking for support and less constriction overall
 Fits like the package sizing says , supports while on my biking and sporting events . I even returned a previous package because I thought I had lost more weight than I really did and they exchanged quickly and without issue . I did n't even have to pay shipping . Great !!
 wear them all the time and these are so comfortable and quite reasonably priced . they arrived on time and they wash and wear wonderfully . thanks .
 This product does just what it 's supposed to.The only downside is that the waist band is sometimes a little rough for extended wear .
 Thank you for sending this product , they are just what the docotor order and they fit very comfortable
 My son was eager to add the Bachmann Percy train to his growing collection and promptly handed over saved allowance money to make this purchase -LRB- via Mom -RRB- . He felt the price was right and he was very glad the train arrived on the date anticipated and it was exactly what he wanted and what was promised via the description and in the photo . Happy boy .
 This is the toughest little engine I think I 've ever owned . While he ca n't pull more than about 4 or 5 Thomas railcars , he can sure take a lot of rough handling a few tumbles from the track ! A little more weight added to the boiler or frame would help his traction.But , he looks just like the train from the shows , which is why I bought it for both myself and my kids . I bought some mail cars recently to give to my son for Christmas , so Percy can go back to being a really useful engine and deliver the mail on Sodor like he always does ! A real value here folks !
 My 5 year old son loves trains of all kinds . We have a bund of O and HO , which he does very well with . These trains are pretty durable and withstand a child acting out train stories.From an educational standpoint , my son has learned how to build his own tracks . Such has , when building something other than a simple circle , he has learned how to select the correct pieces to close the loop . He has also learned how to connect up the electrical bits , under my supervision.Only thing to watch for is the moving eyes and whistle . Of the 6 O gauge loco 's from the Thomas set , Percy 's whistle did n't work . It took me a while to get around to doing anything about it , so I dealt directly with Lionel who swapped it for me . But ... The Percy I received in exchange had some issues with the eyes moving . But that was fixed by me .
 Grandson loved it ! I was also quite pleased that the price was well below the suggested list found in the train catalog .
 OMG - We bought my son an Electric Train Set for Christmas . The train that came with the set was broken . Of course on Christmas you ca n't return it - The kid wants the train set . So I came to Amazon to find a replacement . I did not realize I had bought `` Percy '' I was just getting an electric train . When my son opened the box - Ohhhhh keeeewl - Percy Percy - I have Percy the Train . `` This is a Perfect Train '' . Thank you .
 My son was thrilled with his new HO trains , and has been having them help Thomas with all the `` chores '' of the train yard .
 Durable Kids are always excited to play with it . One of those toys that you do n't give away because kids get tired of it quickly and does n't take up a ton of space .
 The puzzle was a excelente hobie !!! if you are a lord of the ring follower you must have this puzzle
 NIce feel and have held up well with usage . I do n't know what else to say , I 'm just filling up space because you have to write a minimum amount of words to complete this rating ! LOL !
 It 's not easy to find comfortable underwear , let alone a jock strap , if you 're a big guy or just not built like the models they use to advertise these types of things . Usually a jock is more comfortable for me than anything else , but most of them still are n't `` just right . '' I bought one of these just to try , and WOW best underwear I 've ever owned ! It keeps things where they need to be , does n't bind , pinch , or move around on you , the sizing is perfect , and looks sexy on top of all that -LRB- c'mon guys , we like to look sexy just like the ladies do - do n't deny it ! -RRB- . I loved it so much I came back and more -LRB- eight total -RRB- , and they 're my new daily underwear . Please do n't ever change how you make these , otherwise I may have to go commando ! The price is also unbeatable . I had the same problem some other reviewers gave where after the first two washings I saw a few rubber strands come out , but even if these only last me a year or so I 'm pleased given how inexpensive they are . Since I wear these every day as underwear , I do n't expect them to last forever anyway .
 Color option is nice . Very comfortable . Doesnt constrict like others Ive used . Great if you looking for support and less constriction overall
 Fits like the package sizing says , supports while on my biking and sporting events . I even returned a previous package because I thought I had lost more weight than I really did and they exchanged quickly and without issue . I did n't even have to pay shipping . Great !!
 wear them all the time and these are so comfortable and quite reasonably priced . they arrived on time and they wash and wear wonderfully . thanks .
 This product does just what it 's supposed to.The only downside is that the waist band is sometimes a little rough for extended wear .
 Thank you for sending this product , they are just what the docotor order and they fit very comfortable
 I 've owned a few SafeTGard Adult Athletic Supporter Jockstraps for the past couple of years and this is definitely my favorite compared to other brands . I 'm a big guy , and the XXL fits perfectly . The material is comfortable , and keeps everything in place where it should be . When I receive them new , I always wash it once before I wear them because out of the box they are a bit stiff . After playing football , wrestling , and rugby for over 10 years wearing all different brands of jockstraps , this is the most comfortable jockstrap i 've ever worn .
 These are very comfortable , the fabirc is soft , yet keeps everything where it is supposed to be . Great support ! What more could you ask for in a jock strap ?
 I 'm not very athletic , so I 've never worn one of these before . But I got some surgery done and I have to wear one for a couple weeks . This one looked to be what I needed at a reasonable cost . Like another review stated , there are some loose threads that pop up every time I wash it . Do n't know how long it 'll last , but I do n't plan on wearing it much longer . The material has a very open weave . This can lead to occasional snags . Even after several washings the material is still a little scratchy . The waste band is nice . It does n't roll or bunch up . Overall it does it 's job , I just wish it was a little softer .
 I ` ve purchased several supporters from different stores that said they fit a 42 inch waist that were so tight that the band cut you in half . This brand of supporter fits snug but does n`t cut off your breathing as the others . The only con I have is that they say it ` s preshrunk but I recommend you hand wash it . I washed mine in my washer with my other clothes and it seemed to shrink some.Again I highly recommend this supporter and will order more than one the next time .
 While I ordered these a size larger than normal -LRB- based upon past experience with supporters -RRB- these are true to size . The one I purchased is too large , but I have no one to blame but myself . The material is comfortable , and am ordering one in the correct size . Gave 5 starts because of the quality of the material , sewing , and price .
 The supporter wears and fits well . but when i wash it the threading seems to be breaking down . Not sure how else to explain the thread and strings of thread hanging off of the item .
 Been wearing SafeTGard instead of briefs since some 8 years ago and would n't wear other jock , or briefs for that matter ! They fit perfectly , they 're cool , specially here in the tropics ...
 What a fantastic idea this is !! Reading to our four year old is very important , and we do n't always have the time , so this product enables her to be read to , interact with the story and its characters , and to play games . The system was very easy for her to learn ; in fact , she 's teaching her friends when they come over . I ca n't wait until more stories come out !
 I was skeptical at first and I am so happy that I got this for my kids . I homeschool my children and needed something to keep one of the kids busy while I was working with another . This is easy to use , fun to play and I like the stories that are available . I think you get a great product for a great price .
 I have a preschooler who loves being read to ; however , as a busy Mom , I can not always be there to read to her . This is the perfect toy to help me fulfill her love of reading . Classic children 's books are actually read to my daughter on my TV screen and the remote control is even easy for my daughter to use . As a Mom , I can interact by turning the narrator button off and reading the story to my daughter . I have found it is a great way to encourage the love of reading in my child because the story is larger then life as it plays out on my television screen . Everyone should try it . Happy reading !!!!
 A toy that uses my TV to actually encourage the love of reading ... ingenious !!! Thank you Fisher Price . Now my kids can see their favorite books come to life ... and be read to anytime they like !
 I 've bought all the `` Learning '' toys that you can think of ... but , to me ... the best by far is Read with Me DVD ! My kids can be read to whenever they like -LRB- unfortunately , I 'm not always available -RRB- . But , there 's even a mode that lets us turn the pages on the screen and read the stories ourselves . This is also the easiest remote control for my kids -LRB- and me -RRB- to use that I 've seen . Enjoy !
 My son got this for a birthday present . I about threw it out the door programming it but I did n't . I am so glad I called Fisher Price first . they were so helpful on the phone . My son loves it.When you get this program it alone and then give it to the child . Just in case it takes a long time.My son is very picky about the books that I read to him , I loved curious George when I was growing up , he would let me even show him pictures . Now he does because he saw it on the read with me books . It is great !
 MY SON IS 31/2 I GOT HIM THIS TOY TWO WEEK 'S AGO AND HE PLAY 'S WITH IT EVERDAY HE IS LEARNING HOW TO READ THIS TOY IS SO COOLLL !!!! MY SISTER 'S SON 'S BIRTHDAY IS COMING UP AND I 'M GOING TO GET HIM ONENEXT WEEKTHANK 'S ALOT FISHER PRICE
 I have seen numerous reviews of people having trouble with programming this . First , make sure you do n't accidentally press the on button right before trying to program it . If so , either put the cover plate back on and press the button again -LRB- then try or remove the batteries and reinsert . Make sure the button on the bottom stays on the number of the dvd player you are programming as you can use up to 3 players . Skipping issues are usually due to dirty/scratched disks , so handle them like any other dvd -LRB- carefully -RRB- . I had an issue with accidentally hitting the on button , but it took one minute to fix . The programming took 5 minutes and it worked perfectly.My son loves this . He was already starting to read and this has excited him even more -LRB- especially since I got a lot of other stories including his favorite `` Green Eggs and Ham '' -RRB- . Some disks have better games than others . He likes the games as much as the stories and reading . The words ` color up ' as they are read , helping new readers see what word is being spoken . But it is fast -LRB- normal speed -RRB- , so do n't expect otherwise . There are also reading comprehension questions in one mode . They see if the user was paying attention to the story.Overall this is a great toy/learning aid . I hope scholastic continues to come out with more great stories . It 's the stories that are available that will make this worthwhile or not longer term as there is a limited current library .
 My son received this toy as a present from his father on Christmas -LRB- Dec ' 05 -RRB- and he was able to play with it straight out of the box . I bought my son the V Smile system and he ca n't use that as easily as he uses the read with me system . While a agree with some of the previous reviews that this system would not take him to seven years old , it does build his confidence level and keeps him motivated to keep playing because he was getting the answers right . While with the V smile system he prefers I play and he watch . So I am happy with this purchase and will buy more DVDs for the system . I have only one complaint and that is I wish they would use both traditional stories and use some of the newer characters . My son loves Thomas the train and even though he has the little engine that could I think he would also like to see Thomas the Tank Engine , Dora the Explorer , and maybe even some books in foreign languages . But all in all a great system for the younger preschool children .
 My 3 1/2 year old son received this toy for Christmas this year , and he absolutely LOVES it !! I was not sure that he would be able to play with it on his own . He impressed me right away , when with the very 1st explaination he was able to do it all by himself ! I would agree with one review that it would be nice if there were a couple books on 1 DVD . However , I would highly recommend this item , it is really great !
 Just awesome , my daughter just loves this . She listens to the story , plays games and it really lets me see how much she is comprehending . We also set it up on her Aunt 's TV and the babysitter so she can take it with her over there and she has a great time with it .
 I purchased this toy for my grandson who is 3 1/2 years old . He fell in love with it and has had a great deal of time spent with it . It is very educational and quite simple for him to use . The nice part is that he can have it set up on three different T.V. and this makes it nice for when he is visiting grandparents and such .
 Great idea , not so great user friendliness and durability . Think I 'd pass on buying this again . It was difficult/time consuming to program , and my first console did n't work . The second one works , and the kids love the books ... each DVD allows you to be read to , read it yourself , play games . A cool combo of `` video games '' and educational .
 I purchased the Read with Me DVD System for my 3-year old daughter , Zainabu . Chicka Chicka Boom Boom has always been her favorite bedtime story . Now , with the Read with Me DVD System , Zainabu is able to enjoy Chicka Chicka Boom Boom interactively , at any time of the day , and whether or not I am available to read to her . What a wonderful way to learn ! Needless to say , she ca n't get enough of Read with Me DVD and I plan on purchasing more titles for the upcoming Kwanzaa holiday . One title that I would like to see offered , but is not currently , is the New Testament . No matter how inadequate you may feel as a single parent , which I am , no matter how many doubts you have about the future of your children , the Bible offers hope . The Read with Me DVD would be a perfect tool for introducing your children to Christ and helping them mature in their faith . Make the Bible and Jesus Christ central to their lives . Help them get to know Him and learn how to make godly choices . Read with Me DVD and the Bible would be a combination made in heaven -LRB- no pun intended -RRB- . God Bless whomever invented the Read with Me DVD System !
 As a teenager growing up in Northwestern Louisana in the mid-60 's , I bought a '48 Lincoln Continental for $ 300.00 . This was a real `` Yank Tank '' , that rode like a cloud , even though it only got 8 mpg `` then gas was 21 cents a gallon '' , I could drive it for 2 weeks on a fillup . I really loved that car , mine was Maroon with crushed-velor seats , I hated to part with `` My First Car '' , but the Military called upon my graduation from High School . Now , I 've closely examined this `` Plastic Model '' and as I did the grin turned into a complete smile `` from ear to ear '' , it 's just as I remembered it , I 'll make another '' ' 48-Linc '' that I wo n't have to part with . It 's a greatly detailed model , I ca n't wait to get started .
 My 7 yr-old granddaughter loves these . We ca n't get her to take them off .
 I 've been using Estes Rockets and engines since I was 12 years old and took my first aerospace class . Never a complaint and I 'll keep using them .
 ease fast and ready to go , I recomend A + my kids love and I have to run to pick up my rocket .
 Pro- Beautifully sculpted figure - Good paint job - Mirrored base - Its an OniCon - Just tell them you are a huge fan of Japanese Mythology ...
 This is a great Bome figure , the mirrored base really helps display the She Devil to her best advantage . Due to being sculpted crawling this figure wo n't risk bending at the ankle and looking unbalanced . Also easy to place in front of other figures without obscuring them too much .
 I gave this to my grandson Ethan , age 4 and a genius . We shared the reading . It is a great and useful item . Thank you . Yona Cohen -LRB- Joe has the credit card -RRB-
 I have seen numerous reviews of people having trouble with programming this . First , make sure you do n't accidentally press the on button right before trying to program it . If so , either put the cover plate back on and press the button again -LRB- then try or remove the batteries and reinsert . Make sure the button on the bottom stays on the number of the dvd player you are programming as you can use up to 3 players . Skipping issues are usually due to dirty/scratched disks , so handle them like any other dvd -LRB- carefully -RRB- . I had an issue with accidentally hitting the on button , but it took one minute to fix . The programming took 5 minutes and it worked perfectly.My son loves this . He was already starting to read and this has excited him even more -LRB- especially since I got a lot of other stories including his favorite `` Green Eggs and Ham '' -RRB- . Some disks have better games than others . He likes the games as much as the stories and reading . The words ` color up ' as they are read , helping new readers see what word is being spoken . But it is fast -LRB- normal speed -RRB- , so do n't expect otherwise . There are also reading comprehension questions in one mode . They see if the user was paying attention to the story.Overall this is a great toy/learning aid . I hope scholastic continues to come out with more great stories . It 's the stories that are available that will make this worthwhile or not longer term as there is a limited current library .
 My parents bought this for my 4 year old son this Christmas . The on screen programming was a little difficult but like one of the previous posters wrote , it worked the first time we entered the DVD code instead of onscreen programming . They need to hurry to get more titles out . I can see it becoming boring if you only have 1 story . I would rather them play this toy / game than just watch tv.My son wanted to play it all night . Woke up the next morning with the player on his mind.Thanks for a really good education tool and fun game .
 `` Santa '' brought this for my four year old daughter and she has enjoyed every minute of using it . The stories that can be purchased to use with it are GOOD children 's books , not junk like so much of what kids want to read today . My daughter loves listening to the story being read to her and enjoys the games and the `` Read and Play '' section where she can listen to the story and at intervals `` play '' on that page of the book.As to the complaints about set up time and response time , it took me less than five minutes to set it up to use on two different DVD players . My daughter mastered the controller by the time she had gone through one book , with a little help from her eight year old sister , and I did not observe a lengthy wait time for a response from the system.In short , `` Santa '' made a good call on this on ! My child thinks she 's playing a video game like her big sister and feels grown up , all while learning ! I ca n't wait to order more books for her ! I definitely recommend this !
 First of all , I would like to say thank you to Fisher Price for making such a great toy . I bought this for my son who is three years old who is definitely a book lover , for a christmas present and decided I could n't wait any longer to see how it worked . I especially wanted to open it after I read the reviews that said it was hard to program , but much to my surprise it was easier than I would have ever thought . However this toy is great I was so interested in what was going to happen next in the story . I know that he is going to love this toy and is going to want more of the DVD 's . Thanks Fisher Price , for such a wonderfully entertaining and educational toy !
 My daughter received this system for her third birthday . She LOVES it ! We play with it everyday.The set up was easy . I watched the instructional DVD before I got started and then it literally took me 12 minutes to set up -LRB- SIMPLE !!! -RRB- . The stories are great and the art in the stories is amazing . I highly recommend this to encourage a love of reading .
 Ok so my son got it for christmas and here it is june and i just hooked it up . it took me all of 5 mintutes not even that to program it . the first try # 4 wouldnt take so what i did is i put the toy remote on one thigh and the remote on the other so that there were almost touching and so that the `` eyes '' were right on top of each other . and it took straight away.Its really fun for my 4 year old my 10 year old got bored . my only suggestion is that there needs to be a bigger choice of games . they are so similar that my 4 year old changes games quite a bit.i am actually having trouble finding games for it now.its great and if they are going to be in front of the TV might as well be learning . he also hase VSMILE which is a little bit better if you can afford the 60 $ for the game unit and 20 $ for the games . -LRB- grandma and grandpa got ours for us with games -RRB- so it wasnt bad for us.read with me DVD is good though , i really enjoy playing it and listening to the stories !
 My grandma got this for my `` just turned 3 '' daughter for Christmas . I was so frustrated trying to get the thing programmed that I almost took it back to the store . Then I looked in the back of the instruction manual and saw that you can enter in a code instead of having to go through the whole remote process . It took me 2 minutes doing it that way . My daughter loves listening to the stories and playing along . She has been able to figure out which buttons to push for everything so it is something that she can do all by herself while I am doing things around the house . It is so enjoyable to see some of your favorite books come to life . My only other complaint is that the remote does n't stay programmed if it is n't used daily . Still , since I only have to unscrew it and enter in the code , it really is n't too much of a problem . I did n't seem to have as many problems as others did . I really do overall enjoy this new toy and so does my daugther . I plan on getting the other DVDs that go along with it because this is something that I see my daughter playing with for a very long time .
 We purchased the read with me DVD system for our 3 year old son for Christmas.Ok , so first , setting up the remote took all of mabey 10 minutes . Then you simply pop in one of the DVD 's and your good to go ! This system is so much fun , it really brings these familiar stories to life . My son had previously been familiar with the titles offered as we have them in the traditional book form -LRB- nothing should replace reading aloud with your children -RRB- , I hope they come out with more titles soon . The illustrations are the same as the ones you will find in the books but they are animated , that is reallly entertaining . The narrators voice is very clear and nice to hear . The words along the bottom of the page light up to correspond to what the narrator is saying . The $ 15 dollars you will spen on each DVD is a bargain considering each dvd comes with 4 different play modes and tons of questions you and your little one can answer . My son will play with the system often and it will usually have his attention anywhere from a half hour to an hour.As someone who is studying to be a teacher I like some of the other educational aspects of the system other than just the reading benefits . When you answer a question that is wrong it will prompt you to give another answer , rather than immeadiately give the right answer . When you answer the question correctly it goes further and explains why the answer is right . This a good tool to use in conjunction with daily reading to your children . Fisher price definitely got it right !
 My three and a half year old son enjoys it ! The concept is wonderful . It was a very easy setup and we were using it within 2-5 minutes . This is however not a toy for the child just by themselves as there are times when the controller does n't work properly and the screen has to be cleared . It 's a great concept which is why I 'm still giving it 5 stars but it needs to function better .
 My daughters -LRB- turned 5 & 6 -RRB- received this toy as a gift for their birthdays from our best friends and they LOVE it . We homeschool and we love educational toys that do not get played with a few times and then put in a pile that clutters the bedroom . This is well worth the money especially -LSB- ... -RSB- . WE ALL LOVE IT !!
 This is an extremely EASY to set up toy is a GREAT alternative to the `` video game '' . My six year old daughter took to it right away and my three year old had fun watching and eventually helping to choose the selections and/or answers . What a great helper for reading and selective reasoning .
 My 2 year old loves this toy . We play at least every other day . He commits the stories to memory and has great fun with it at the same time . I highly recommend this toy .
 We purchased this on Christmas for our 3yr old . He really picked up the concept , the only thing that we do n't like about it is , that it does n't tell you when to turn the page . Besides that it really makes your child remember events . I will post later to see how it helps him read .
 I bought this for my almost 5 yr old grandson . I tried to program it tonight . Like some reviewers , I got completely frustrated with the setup . Tried method 1 3 times and everything seemed to work except when testing it , the `` turn the page '' button did not test . -LRB- Yes , I programmed the >> / correctly in the setup -RRB- So I tried the method 2 and I did find my DVD player in the list and it never took . I tried Method 3 to no avail - the player never came on . I went to a different DVD player in the house , The same thing happened that happened the 1st time -LRB- the `` turn the page '' button did not test -RRB- . I decided to put the DVD story in anyway . So far , the only thing that does n't work is the home button so I have to turn off and start over to get to the menu page.HOWEVER - My grandson loves it . He likes pushing the buttons himself -LRB- being in control -RRB- . He loves stories and loves them told over and over . He loves make believe and stomps and howls with the wild things . He loves answering questions about the story.SO - I will call the toll free number tomorrow , get my glitches fixed so we can enjoy it more . This will be his favorite thing and we will have to buy ALL of the books .
 It 's perfect . Like the story videos we used to have where the words light up at the bottom of the screen as the narrator reads them , except the pictures -LRB- true to original artwork -RRB- are totally animated AND there 's interactive games and questions about the story.They do n't work with computers . The controller is basically a special remote control for the DVD player . It does work fine with small portable DVD players that have remotes , like the ones for car trips.When you first program the remote , if it does n't start talking as soon as you take the cover off , try replacing the batteries.My daughter recieved her own TV with DVD from her grandfather for Christmas . I did not approve of her watching TV all the time in her room , so I decided she could only play the Read with Me DVD 's . She loves them and plays almost daily . The controller is very kid friendly . At 3 1/2 my daughter can use it all by herself.The questions are challenging but not too hard for a 3 or 4 year old with an adult around to help . For example , the question is `` how many butterflies are there ? '' I point to each one as my daughter counts , then she selects the correct number herself . The Read It Yourself option allows her to paraphrase the story for me as she use the remote to turn the pages .
 I just wanted to share with everyone that this is one of the best educational toys that you can purchase for a little one . I got this for my son Cameron last year for Christmas . We just love this toy . He can play alone . He can listen and watch the story on tv or after listening to the story he can go back and it will ask him about the story line on a certain page or asks him about objects and he has to pick the correct answer ... very entertaining . I am hoping they come out with more stories besides the first 8 that were introduced . I am surprised that this toy has been reduced on sale . I think they need to remarket the product and have more stories to offer in the future as long it still works on this original player . This is a great toy to buy for a child that loves stories or reading.A + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + +
 I bought my niece and nephew Where the Wild Things Are along with Curious George and Giraffe 's Ca n't Dance . These DVDs have enhanced the kids ' appreciation for reading . The animations are amazing and draw the kids in and engage them . My sister keeps telling me about how much they love the DVDs and the kids thank me for them whenever I talk to them on the phone . This is the first gift that I 've gotten this kind of response with ! They 're almost 7 -LRB- twins -RRB- and one is a reader anyhow , but the other one is n't as much into reading . BUT , these have grabbed both of them and gives them common ground in reading when at school , the boy is ahead in reading . I am getting them the rest of the DVDs for Christmas , since they are only $ 15 a piece . A GREAT deal . They could have charged about $ 5 more and it would still sell . But , if `` they '' are reading , do n't raise the price ! ;-RRB- This is the best thing to give for the holidays if you want to give a gift that is educational and fun . My sister is not very savvy when it comes to electronics , but the remote control that comes with it was VERY easy for her . Plus , kids nowadays are showing all of us how to run our electronics . So , enough already ! I just wanted to let everyone know that the Read with Me DVD system is fun and the kids love it .
 I have to admit , I bought the Read with Me DVD system for my friend 's child for Christmas , since he has some learning delays , and his parents rarely read to him . He 's 5 and loves video games and anything repetitive , so I figured this would be an educational and fun gift . Before I sent it out , I wanted to play with it first to see how it worked -LRB- I used to be a preschool teacher and I like to use toys before I put them in my classroom -RRB- . I have to say that I spent about 2 hours watching the stories and answering all the questions -LRB- I even got them all right ! -RRB- . I especially liked Curious George and the Chocolate Factory - you get to create your own chocolate and the animated machine on the screen actually produces it and Curious George eats it and reacts to your choice of flavors ! Of course I loved his reaction to the spinach flavored chocolate -LRB- yuck ! -RRB- It brought me back to my childhood and my love of the Curious George series of books and memories of my mom reading them to me.I almost did n't send it out as a gift , I liked it so much.My friend 's child has adopted it as his new `` video game '' and it has replaced his obsession with his game boy . He laughs and laughs at the interactive chocolate making machine and plays it over and over and now knows the story by heart . His parents love it because it keeps him busy AND works on reading skills . They say it is easy for him to operate and everyone loves it !! I guess I will have to buy another one just for me . I am planning on getting the rest of the books too !
 Let me start by saying , my 3 1/2 year old son LOVES this toy , we finally found a `` video game '' he can play - as I am sure most mothers of three year olds will agree , no matter what the age rating says , most electronic games are way too advanced for them . My son figured it out in about 5 minutes of help from me and then could play it completely on his own.But , the first time we tried to hook it up it would n't work at all . We tried and tried every method at least 14 times to no avail ... the directions were adamant about NOT returning it to the store giving us the idea that we must just be to stupid to do it right , or we assumed it was our DVD player some how ... Let me just save you the hassle ... if it does n't work the first time , take it back to the store . When we got a replacement it worked fine and WAS extremely easy to set up.According to the directions it works with any DVD player except NOT Xbox or Playstation.If it does n't work , be persistent , if it can work with my cheap $ 35 cyberhome DVD player it can work with any DVD player . It is a great toy for 3 year old , probably even 2 year olds . Although it says to 7 years old , my 7 year old daughter was extremely bored with it ...
 I bought this for my almost-5-yr-oldson as a gift . As the outside of the box suggests , I programmed Read With Me DVD controller before I gave it to my son . After several attempts , I finally managed to get all of the buttons properly programmed . The system comes with a set-up disk that you use to test the controller to make sure that it is properly programmed.Read With Me DVD comes with `` Where The Wild Things Are '' , a story about a boy who uses his imagination to leave home after being sent to bed without dinner . -LRB- He does n't really leave , but uses his imagination to turn his room to a forest . -RRB- He experiences a range of emotions before realizing that he would rather be where he is loved best - home . The pages in the story turn , and the illustrations are animated to help keep youngster 's attention.There are a few options when you first start a Read With Me disc . Your child can choose to just have the story read to them , to play in the pages , or the games feature . My son prefers the play in the pages feature . The words are printed on the screen , and highlight -LRB- or light up -RRB- as they are being read . After the narrator is finished reading the page , an asterisk icon appears , inviting children to play in the page . After pressing the matching button on their controller , your child is asked a question about the setting , the characters , the illustration , or the storyline . After answering correctly , children have the opportunity to push the asterisk button again to be asked a different question , or they can push the forward button to flip to the next page.So far , my son has only used the DVD that came with the system , as he is receiving several other titles over the holidays , but I 'm sure they are just as entertaining as the one that came with the system . Though Fisher-Price recommends this product for children upto seven years old , I do n't see children that old being able to maintain an interest in the storylines , as most of the titles released so far are intended more for pre-school aged children .
 The Read With Me DVD is a wonderful tool to add to a list of many items that will help children learn to love reading . Programming the remote is not too difficult . My son got this for Christmas when he was almost 3 -LRB- January Birthday -RRB- and we waited to program it until he was taking a nap so he was not frustrated while trying to set it up . It only took about 10-20 minutes to program , but I would still recommend waiting until the child is asleep or busy.My son figured out how to work it very quickly and at first it was more about reading comprehension . The questions are about the story and the children select the correct answer . We also got him a couple other stories like Green Eggs and Ham and The Little Engine That Could -LRB- we now have all but one story -RRB- . Although the words are highlighted quickly , they are at about the same pace as if you were reading the story , he was still able to pick up many words . My son is fascinated with words and within a few weeks of using this he was able to read the book Green Eggs and Ham by himself . We thought he had memorized it , but he actually corrected mistakes and knew words if I pointed to them individually.He is now 3 years 5 months and has had the DVD system for 6 months and is now reading at a level 1 or 2 -LRB- My First Reader Books -RRB- and is reading at the same level as his 5 year old sister . He loves to play his `` video game '' and I have to say that I am happy to let him play it.Recently he has even started asking to have the words on when watching a movie -LRB- closed caption subtitles -RRB- and as he 's watching a movie he will listen and point to the words at the bottom of the screen.I would recommend this toy to anyone with children 3 and up . Again it is just one tool that should be used to help a child learn to read , comprehend what they are reading and begin to enjoy reading . It is not by itself necessarily going to teach a child to read but used with other items can help . I would recommend that you buy the actual books to go with the DVD 's , we already had most of them but that way they can have the story read to them slower , or be able to work on learning the words with the parent 's help . My son always takes his books to bed with him and reads using the light from his nightlight.For learning how to sound out words and basic reading concepts check out the website starfall.com it is another wonderful tool .
 I recently bought this Read With Me DVD System after much hesitation from other reviews . It was on sale at Toy r ' Us for $ 18 so I decided that I would go ahead and try it . I took the advice of one of the reviewers and waited until my daughter went to bed to program it . To be honest , it took me longer to get it out of the package than to program it . The system was programmed in less than 5 minutes and I have a Pioneer DVD player that is over 5 years old . The only thing I would suggest besides waiting until you child is asleep is not to lay the DVD control perfectly flat or it will be lower than the eye on the Read with Me DVD system . My daughter absolutely loved it ! The reason I gave it 4 out of 5 is because wish they had a few more DVD available in stores .
 I was a bit leary about buying this toy at first , I thought , who wants to read a book on video ??? I also thought it was a lazy way for parents to become further detached from their children . After giving in and buying the toy , I ca n't stop raving about how much I like it ! It is perfect for preschoolers as well as beginner readers . It reads the story as well as asks questions about what is happening in the story , perfect for reading comprehension . I love it and ca n't wait to buy more titles ! It also gives you the option to read it yourself , wonderful toy !
 Normally I do n't care for electronic reading as an educational tool but this Read with Me DVD is exceptional . My 2 1/2 yr old 's attention is captured through the whole book and she was able to interact quickly using the large colorful buttons . And yet there are many levels of learning for her as she grows older . Setup is simple and easy if you have a few quiet moments to do it . We absolutely love it !
 My daughter received this toy as a Christmas gift . It took me all of 10 minutes to program it . It was very straight forward and easy to program . It comes with both written directions and a cd on how to program the console . She loves playing with it . She can read the book or play the games .
 I am so sorry to hear that so many people have had so many problems with this because I think it is an excellent toy . It is one of my 3 1/2 year old daughter 's favorite Christmas gifts . My husband programmed the remote using Method 1 in less than ten minutes , and we have had no problems - she does n't use it everyday and it has n't needed reprogramming . It is easy for her to use ; even my 1 1/2 year old enjoys watching the story on the TV.I think this is a wonderful addition to her educational toys . She loves books and has plenty of LeapFrog toys , including L-Max . I think this toy really aids in reading comprehension . My daughter is very excited when she gets the right answer . Her favorite DVD so far is Chicka Chicka Boom Boom -LRB- one of her favorite books -RRB- . As far as the words being on the bottom of the screen , my kids watch PBS 's `` Between the Lions '' which does the same thing with highlighting the words as they are read , so they are used to this method.The remote seems very durable , although I keep it on top of the TV in an effort to avoid potential problems when not in use.We are looking forward to more titles being added to the `` library '' . I think Read With Me DVD is an excellent toy to grow with . -LRB- Note
 My 3 yr . old daughter received this for Christmas . She loves it!It is a wonderful , educational , system . It will read you stories , then you can answer question 's in between , or you can just play game 's like `` matching '' etc. . Programming was a snap . We are very pleased with this system and are looking forward to purchasing more disks . I only hope the story library grows a bit because it is kinda a small selection . But that would be my only gripe .
 My Grandson loves this toy . It is helping him to read . It is fun and he enjoys it every time he turns it on . I recommend it highly to everyone .
 Set up was easy ... I placed the dvd remote in front of the game remote and followed its commands and the set up was complete and it works perfectly ... just take your time and you should have no problem ... you do not need to put in any ! codes ... you just press what it tells you to press on your dvd remote its that simple .
 My 5 year old grandson got bored quickly . He was started on a computer very early & this system is immature to him.The earlier a child is exposed to this system the better , as it can be a very useful learning tool . It does require patient parental guidance until child becomes comfortable with use of the console .
 If you are a Pok&eacute;mon fan you will love this version of Monopoly . It has a beautiful board . Instead of trains you collect pok&eacute; balls -LRB- Normal , Great , Ultra , and Master -RRB- . The Title Deeds are different types of Pok&eacute;mon and look like collector cards . The tokens are probably the coolest on any version of monopoly games which makes you wonder why other versions do not follow suit ; they include Picahu , Mewtwo , Clefairy , Bulbasaur , Charisar and Nikoking.The Optional Rules are based on if you throw doubles.Double 1 's - Teleport , like Mewtow , anywhere.Double 2 's - Rest like Clefairy and collect $ 200.00 Double 3 's - Use Bulbasaur 's Leech Seed and collect $ 50.00 from each playerDouble 4 's - Draw a Professor Oak -LRB- Chance -RRB- Card.Double 5 's - Draw a Trainer Battle -LRB- Community Chest -RRB- Card.Double 6 's - Battle another player for control of one of their pok&eacute;mon cards -LRB- title deeds -RRB- For more optional rules read my review on Deluxe Monopoly.Even if you hate the little critters but enjoy collecting different versions of Monopoly games , like I do , you ca n't go wrong with this one . Honestly , only the Simpson version has better art than this one . If only as a collectors item this is a must buy .
 The game works just like regular monopoly , except you have a choice to do pokemon related things when you roll doubles . the game peices are little rubber pokemons , and they are pretty good quality . they actually look like the pokemons ! the board is colorful and cute and I love it ! and the money is poke themed as well . it all makes sense and works seamlessly . i dont think i have liked monopoly this much ever . recommended to anyone who enjoys both board games and pokemon !
 My son loves his new Thomas toy . This car fits easily on the HO track because of the single , non-rotating set of wheels on either end . James is only three and after a little instruction is now able to place the car by himself . Like any HO train car the couplers have to be handled carefully . What I find amazing is the price . This car is actually less than many wooden cars . I will be ordering some others soon .
 Great transitional toy from wooden to electric . Big enough for a five year old to handle .
 My nine year old daughter had to have the `` Happy Family '' set andshe enjoys playing with them very much . She has Midge -LRB- sold separately -RRB- who can be transformed from pregnant to new mommy by taking off her magnetic `` belly '' and removing the adorable newborn baby girl . Alan is handsome with his plastered-down hair do and Ryan is a cute little boy with a Tommy-like face . The stroller can lay back so Ryan can nap . I think a better idea would have been to include a double stroller instead of a single so the new baby can ride in it too since the family is supposed to be a set . It reminds me of the Sunshine Family I had -LRB- and still have -RRB- when I was a child back in the 70 's . My daughter got Alan and Ryan , Midge and baby , and the Happy Family nursery set for Christmas and she plays with it every day . I hope Mattel continues to make accessories for this line -LRB- despite the `` controversy '' over Midge 's visible pregnancy -RRB- for those of uswho carefully and thoughtfully choose toys for our children and believe that these characters promote family values.Bravo , Mattel .
 SO WHAT 'S THE BIG DEAL ABOUT ? SO MIDGE IS GOING TO HAVE A BABY HOW WONDERFUL ! MY GRANDCHILD 'S BABY BROTHER WAS JUST BORN LAST WEEK , AND I JUST CAME BACK FROM GREENVILLE MISSI . ... AND I SURE AM GLAD I GOT THE WHOLE SET INCLUDING DOC.BARBIE MY SAVANNA WAS SO EXCITED SHE HAS ` NT STOPPED PLAYING WITH THEM SINCE I GAVE THEM TO HER.I LIKED THEM SO MUCH I GOT ME A SET TO ADD TO MY COLLECTION.IT WAS SO MUCH FUN WATCHING HER PLAY , AND SHE DO N'T ASK WHERE BABIES COME FROM ANY MORE , YOU KNOW KIDS ARE ALOT SMARTER THESE DAYS AND THESE TOYS SURE DID MAKE IT ALOT EASER IN OUR HOME.I WAS TOLD AT -LSB- a local store -RSB- IN GREENVILLE THAT MICHIGAN IS PULLING THEM FROM THERE SHELVES , BUT THAT THERE DIST.MANGER SAID NOT DOWN SOUTH THERE A HOT ITEM HERE . IT 'S A DARN SHAME IF THEY DO PULL THEM ... ALL I CAN SAY IS THERE MAKING A BIG MISTAKE ... AND I SURE AM GLAD I GOT MINE !
 I 'm glad they have a toy out that promotes the relationship between father and son . I 'm glad the African American version has pretty authentic looking rooted hair . The stroller 's pretty durable under adverage stress , destructive children may easily destroy it . The accessories -LRB- like the camera -RRB- are easier to handle than some itty bitty accessories and proably wo n't be lost as easily as the baby things in the Midge/baby set . The dolls have survived some rough play , so I think it 's a good durable set , more so than Midge/Baby overall.The only problem I have is that mattle does n't make an AFRICAN AMERICAN family album to match it 's AFRICAN AMERICAN line of this ` Happy Family ' set . I have the African American Ryan , Alan , Midge , Baby , and Doctor -LRB- hoping to catch the grandparents on sale after the holidays -RRB- and the ` Happy Family ' album that comes with them shows the caucasian family . I have no problem with the white dolls , I make it a practice to have a diverse set of dolls to represent the world , but the purpose of getting the african-american happy family was to make it look more like ours and it would be nice if I was n't stuck with the caucasian image every time I added to the ` Happy Family ' -LRB- with certain playsets for example -RRB- . It would be nice if a child 's album that comes with the doll matched her -LRB- or his -RRB- doll set .
 I am an avid collector of Barbie Dolls , but I lean towards the more exotic and collector Barbies . However , while browsing for new additions to my collection , I came across the Happy Family set , and all the controversy surrounding it . I personally think that The Happy Family set is a wonderful idea , I remember having a set as a child myself made by Mattel back around 1985 that consisted of a Husband , Wife , and their two toddler children . They also had their own car which was constructed to safely accomodate both children IN their own child safety seats within the car . Nice tip of the hat to child safety . All one has to do is a little research and see that it is n't the first time Mattel has manufactured a `` Family '' set . I wish I could remember their exact names . Anyway , I think the whole point here that makes the set excellent is the `` Happy '' aspect ; so many families these days are ridden with misery and strife , that when you see a nice , respectable `` picture '' of a well-put together family , some people just get all upset . What 's wrong with Midge being pregnant ? She 's obviously married to Alan , and they already have a previous child together . They both obviously sport mutual wedding rings . And a new baby arriving into an already established , happy , stable marriage , what a blessing ! I think this is a excellent toy , a great focus for an educational talk , and a great addition to any little girl 's Barbie collection . I do however recommed that the dolls be bought together as a `` set '' along with the babies bedroom . All of these toys combined provide a useful educational tool that parents can use to show just how much of a REAL , lifetime commitment that having a baby involves . Perhaps some of these little girls who own these sets , and receive additional educational guidance from their parents , might not end up in that all too high percentage of the population of teenage mothers . Midge is obviously an adult , and it is the adults who should be having the babies , not the teenagers . Having and caring for children is n't easy , and this set is an excellent model to further prove that point and also to show the `` right '' way one should go about starting a family . Congratulations Mattel on the latest addition to the `` Family '' ! : -RRB-
 i love this entire set . even though alan might be freaky lookin ' . it 's about time matel put something truly realistic out there . but i do n't understand why stores are pulling something from their shelves that 's so great . hey , we ca n't all be fashion models or olympic gymnasts , but most of us can get married and have kids . people do n't argue about kelly , no one asked how she came , but when they show it , people revolt . hello , what is your problem people ? i mean , just think how old barbie 's parents are , and they 're STILL having kids ! i think that matel is finally getting the picture , and i hope they add more to the happy family series .
 It is a great toy along with Midge to explain to a child the wonders of having a new baby in the family ! Thank you mattel for making such a wonderful product !
 THE ALAN AND RYAN HAPPY FAMILY TOY IS VERY FUN AND EDUCATIONAL . IT SHOWS ALAN SPENDING QUALITY TIME WITH RYAN . BUT THE DOWN SIDES OF THIS TOY IS THE STROLLER . IF YOU TAKE THE RUBBERBAND OFF THE SEAT FALLS ALL THE TIME , THEY SHOULD HAVE MADE THE STROLLER ABLE TO COLLAPSE SO YOU CAN PUT IT IN THE TRUCK , AND THEY SHOULD HAVE MADE A DOUBLE STROLLER FOR THE BABY AND RYAN . AND ANOTHER THING IS YOU HAVE TO BUY EVERYTHING SEPERATE AND MIDGE AND ALAN JUST HAD ANOTHER BABY SO THEY NEED A BIGGER CAR AND THE BABY SHOULD COME WITH AT LEAST 1 CHANGE OF CLOTHES
 These dolls are oh so cute my 9 yr old had to have them she has 2 sets one to look at and 1 to play with the dolls are quite educational and i dont see what the big fuss is all about children in time will want to know where babies come from ... the doll is married so whats the big deal thanks
 This toy is almost , ALMOST self-explanatory . I rated it 5 stars fun because it is just , SO FUN ! Educational value would be 5 stars , because it shows how father and son relate , just by matching outfits . Here is the problem . The durability would be 4 stars , because the Alan doll has poseable arms , and Ryan 's stroller is so removable ! I dropped it one star because it is very good , but two days after I got it , one arm snapped off the Alan . Poseable arms are a bit diffucult to control . But besides that , together I rate this 14 out of 15 stars .
 I love this toy . It shows how things should be . I 'd like people to note the wedding band on his finger . Who wouldnt respect this toy . It shows a man spending time with this his child ... With the accesories that come and a growing imagination its wonderful
 I was very impressed with the principal of this whole family thing its helps kids see its not all fun and games
 When I was a little girls I loved and played with Barbie Dolls all the time . I am now 43 , although I do not play with them anymore , I love to collect them . I think people that make such a fuss over these dolls are just silly . If you do n't like them , do n't buy them , but for those of us that see nothing wrong with them and enjoy them
 I see nothing wrong about these dolls.It teaches children what a family can consist of or what it could consist of . When I was little I aways dreamed of having these advantages the children have today ... I hope mattel continues with this family and adds accessories to go with them .
 I had to go on a hunt to find Midge but I did . I am thankful to Jesus that Mattel values marriage and family enough to make this family ! It is a moral and good toy that represents a family , to be married and have children is God 's design . One man and one woman married and being blessed to have children ! How could any decent person object to something so right and good ! Thank God !
 There 's Alan , Ryan , Midge and the new baby . The parents both have wedding bands on their fingers and Alan and Ryan are so cute with their matching outfits . I do n't think I even remember seeing a doll family like this - and a stroller too . My daughter is still too young to understand the dolls , but I will use them to talk to her about families and children and just to have fun with playing with my daughter . My only issue is that the recommendation only gives you the same race as what you are purchasing and it should give you a choice as to which one you want to get .
 I bought my daughter during the hype of the movie , now I have a 18mo . nephew whom I thought my daughter would n't mind & let him have the doll . . no way no how did that happen . . so I bought a 2nd one he loves it , & she still loves it its on her Pink bed `` looking so confused in the middle of an all girlie room ''
 Plush stuffed animal is very cute . It has bendable arms and legs that stay where you put them . Scary face but not too scary . Like kongs younger brother or something .
 This is a great toy for both the young and the old . A cube made out of various pieces can be taken apart and put back together in a flat , 2-dimensional puzzle . In essence , it 's double dimensia because it will drive you crazy before you finally figure it out.To make it even more interesting , patriotic pictures grace each side of the cube , and when you put it back together in its 2-D form , a surprise picture awaits you . Educational , fun and exasperating , it 's the perfect toy for a gift or your family . I highly recommend it .
 This is a fun toy . I took mine to a get-together with friends , and we had a lot of fun trying to , and seeing how fast we could , put it together in both d 's -LRB- times ranged from five or six minutes to people giving up -RRB- . Besides being a really neat idea , it 's patriotic , too - something you can leave in the living room . If you like the rubik 's cube -LRB- and even if you do n't - I can never get it -RRB- you 'll have a lot of fun with this . Definitely a 5 !
 This is a fun puzzle for anytime . I like to keep it next to the couch so that people can enjoy it when they have an unoccupied minute . It 's actually quite difficult to master . Fun , though . I love the patriotic motif .
 This is a really great puzzle . It is complex enough to be a challenge , but it is good even for children . It is a cube first , with patriotic images on it , but this turns into a flat puzzle if you take it apart and put it back together in the right way . It is really fun !
 This toy is pretty hard to brake even though it may not look like it.It is very easy to move.The pictures are pretty and it is very educational because children can look at pictures of famous landmarks.It is a very nice toy .
 I think that what the other people say about this game is ridiculous ! I personally love chutes and ladders ! I am a DEFINITE Lord of the Rings fan and this game is so much fun!Some of you people are very weird .
 I had bought this game a few weeks ago and played it with my friends . My friends and I had a blast playing this game . We thought it was so much fun . We ca n't wait for the 2nd part to come out and play it with the first part . Then we 'll have to wait for the third part which , will be very hard to do . I think this game is a lot of fun to play . This game is awesome , very good .
 My kids have spent hours playing this game , along with the Two Towers game . In an effort to continue the game before the thrid set comes out , my son designed his own Return of the King game , complete with puzzle board sections to complement the Middle Earth map-board supplied by the first two games.I think part of the charm for the kids -LRB- ages 7-13 -RRB- is the set-up . They enjoy watching the board grow as they play , and have kept the game continuing for hours of fun .
 I took some time and read the other reviews for this game . Overall , I tend to agree with the majority of the statements . There is a lack of strategy , often times leaving the players to succomb to the instructions on the card . And when there is an opportunity to deviate from the movie story line , it is decided by a roll of the die . There are attributes given to characters -LRB- i.e. speed -RRB- that do n't do much since the character stops at the next unused ring space , sometimes one or two spaces away.In spite of this , though , I have thoroughly enjoyed playing this game each time I 've played . So , I give this 4 stars for fun . I do agree that there is little to no educational value . And the need to construct and de-construct Caradhras -LRB- which is slightly stronger than paper -RRB- can cause quick wear.In my opinion , this game is great for anyone who wishes to relive the FOTR movie , without having to spend 3 hours watching it .
 With this purchase I was able to complete the board game set . It is difficult to play I have found .
 This is a real good game for a osbourne fan . Ozzy steals the scene every episode , and now he is gon na steal the game . Great game . RATED
 my 5 years old son is fasinated about sawfish after seeing it on the animal planet . Amazon is the most convenient place for me to buy one for him.Shipping is prompt with prime and product came in good quality .
 Perfect when I was a little girl , perfect for my grandson . Just buy it at Walmart and save a ton of money , especially if you want all the Wildlife Federation series .
 shipped fast . . arrived in perfect condition . Used it to pull many cars and it worked perfect . . eyes move back and forth . My 4 yo nephew loves it . . supervised play only .
 Got this online for my son for Christmas . He and his brother have an HO scale model railroad layout . He LOVES this Thomas engine . Very cute . Runs well , and the eyes move side-to-side . Pretty durable and a good deal for the price .
 its a very good toy for my 2 years old boy in the chrismass time . we like it both , every day
 To begin with , I am quite satisfied with this locomotive . However , I did find that the wheels needed to be cleaned before it would operate smoothly . When the locomotive was not operating smoothly , it did jump the track a couple of times . After getting it to operate smoothly , I did not have it jump off the track again . As a side note , I have found that this locomotive can easily be converted to DCC . I was able to find room within the locomotive cover to house a small Digitrax DZ123 decoder .
 I purchased this Thomas thinking that it was the larger scale model train that I had seen in at a Thomas event . I was a little disappointed by it , but kept it as a decorative display in my sons ' room . They both love Thomas , but my little one most of all . I used that train as his cake topper . A few weeks later I saw the actual set with Thomas , Annie and Clarabel for the price I paid for this Thomas . I was floored , but after all , if one Thomas breaks , I have a back up . My boys love watching and being able to control the speed of the train !! But you need to get the track along with the train !!! Sounds dumb , but you do n't realize these simple things until you 've already spent the money .
 We have used these flash cards with my daughter who is 5 . They are durable and she enjoys them.We will be purchasing the multiplication and division cards soon .
 This is my dog 's favorite toy . She loves chewing on the knots and the sqeaker . After lots of use , she began to chew the threads off the top of the head and eat them , so we gave it a haircut and it 's still her favorite . Will definitely buy another when this one wears out .
 My 6months cockapoo loves this . He would pick this over all of his other toys ...
 Out of all the toys my spoiled cockapoo has , this one remains her favorite . They last a long time , but she uses it so much -LRB- every day -RRB- , I have replaced it several times .
 My grandson , Lincoln , has the Thomas train . Now he can make Sir Topham Hatt give orders to the trains . The only problem is he is using Sir Topham Hatt to give orders to his Mom and Dad !
 This figure is a nice size , about 3 inches tall . It is lightweight , stands up well , and has a great likeness to the character as seen on the shows and movies . I prefer it to the wooden figures because it is far more detailed and interesting to play with . Both my sons enjoy playing with this figure .
 bachmann trains thomas and friends sir topham hat was one of those things the grandchild wanted to go with all his overbought by grandparents Thomas stuff . he wanted it so that is all that counts .
 we got this for my sons birthday and he was so excited to add it to his collection of thomas and his friends . we are always soo happy with all of our thomas train buys and amazon offers the best sellection and we love the super saver shipping option to help us save money since these trains are anything but cheap .
 Sir Topham Hatt is a name often used by our grandchildren , and now they can own and play with his likeness . The detail is complete and accurate to the character they enjoy watching on video . The construction is of fine quality and durable . Just the proper size for a child 's hand , and easy to stand on the ample base .
 I purchased this item as a Christmas gift for my 2 yr old son . He loves it ! Perfect to go with his Island of Sodor set up .
 this toy was great but i accidently dropped and the base fell off so this toy is not that durable . butv it looks good . i was able to fix it with crazy glue but overall i like this toy
 My son loves this toy . He pretends Sir Topham Hat is really directing the trains . It 's durable and looks great . Would recommend to any Thomas fan .
 Wonderful toy . Extremely hard to find in stores and grandson kept asking for it over and over ! Found the figure here and he was extremely surprised . Thanks !!
 This product is a very durable toy and my grandson loves it . It came in a timely fashion , in time for Christmas , so the service was great .
 This piece is wonderful and has completed my child 's Thomas Train set . Nice quality and good price .
 I 've been looking everywhere for the Sir Topham Hat figure to go with my son 's Thomas collection . I was overjoyed when I found it , and he absolutely loves it . Thanks so much !
 Every Thomas the Train adventure needs Sir Topham Hat . This was a good buy and very durable .
 my son just loves sir topham hat . it was a great buy . now he does not have to pretend to be him in his play with his trains . he know uses his sir topham hat . thanks
 Sir Topham arrived in a timely fashion in A1 shape and as advertised . I was completely satisfied .
 Love this guy , but prefer to stick to wooden toys . My 3 year old granson has nearly the entire Thomas collection , and Sir TH was difficult to find ; I broke down and strayed from the wooden standard for just this once !
 I have ordered many ` Thomas ' products from Amazon and have been pleased every time . This transaction was no different . I will say that I had expected the base was part of the Thopem Hatt mold , but it is actually just glued to the bottom . Somehow , the base came detached and I had to cut off the glue and leftover plastic . He still looks great , but its tough to get him to stand now .
 Product is exactly what I was expecting . It arrived in the specified amount of time so I had it right in time for Christmas . My son loves it !
 This is a wonderful toy for the 18month old up to about 4 years old set My grandson sits on it , runs trains , cars and buses on it , builds on the lego side . Has useful storage beneath the table top , which is handy for the lego blocks and play toys . It is heavy and well built . Have fun .
 Great little Bertie the bus . I would have loved this bus to be a little bigger . My son loved it .
 I bought this for my grandson who was just a year old . He loves to watch the Wiggles and listen to their music . His favorite song is `` Dorothy the Dinosaur '' so I thought I would put this on the top of his stocking for Christmas . He loved it . It is a perfect size for little hands . The quality of this stuffed toy is excellent . Dorothy is soft and cuddly along with adorable and durable .
 The picture of the real car on the box is inspiration . The total number of body pieces is 15 . Five pieces from the windshield back ; each front fender consists of three pieces and the engine compartment consists of three pieces including the hood . The interior is acceptable with ejection pin marks on the sides but this can be fixed with a little patience.The engine is two chrome-plated parts with a fan to glue on . With some research , a lot of work with a sharp blade and adding some wires and plumbing to the engine , it builds up very nicely.The multiple body parts require a bit of filling and sanding to remove the seams . This kit is listed as a Level 2 because of the number of parts in it . In my opinion it definately is an advanced/expert modeler kit due to the amount of work required for body work and engine work if you want to display with the hood open .
 This product is a very good teaching tool and children can participate in building the tower . I only had one problem . When I received the package the very top of the tower was missing from it . I thought the children would n't notice but they did . Please make sure that all of the parts are in the package .
 Once Kenner changed their ` 90s 12 '' Star Wars figure line over from the Collector Series to the Action Collection -LRB- different packaging , same style figures -RRB- , they introduced several smaller figures that were to scale with the larger figures . These figures are some of the best additions to the 12 '' Star Wars line.R5-D4 is one of the lesser-known characters in the Star Wars universe -LRB- he had all of 10 seconds of screen time in A New Hope -RRB- . He 's essentially the same as theStar Wars R2-D2 6 '' Action Collection Figure with Retractable Legwith a different color scheme and head shape.Pros - The size and articulation of the figure is very impressive . The head rotates 360 degrees , and the legs -LRB- including a retractable third leg , and let 's keep our minds out of the gutter , thank you very much -RRB- are very poseable . It 's also a neat-looking figure , with well-placed `` sand damage . `` Cons - None.It 's not an essential figure , but it 's still a cool addition to the 12 '' Star Wars figure line .
 The other review covers the details this is just some reinforcement to any decision you might be trying to make . This is a great figure for the star wars collector . If it was n't for r5 blowing his motivator , the saga would have stopped there , R2 would have never came into contact with luke . Also this figure looks great with the jawa of the same figure line .
 I got this for my son and he was thrilled . Its very high quality and durable for a transformer .
 This is a box of quality slides that I ordered when I purchased my Microscope . What can you really say about a glass slide ? They are nice slides for what I am planning on using them for and for the price you ca n't go wrong buying them . If you do n't want to purchase covers just put another slide on top . Try them . . You 'll like them . Just keep away from little kids as these are glass and can cut and be broken into little pieces .
 These arrived just as described , good quality glass , very neatly packaged with tissue between each slide . Ca n't go wrong buying these . If I happen to need more , I know where to come . Thanks , Michael J.
 the service was prompt and the product was just what I expected . thank you .
 This is the same thickness as memory glass and I am going to use this for charms using solder . Thanx .
 I 'll start out by saying that I 've read a lot of reviews on these slides . Everybody complaining about the packaging ! I think the packaging is just fine ! I bought the slides not the way their packaged . The slides are high quality and very nice to use . I 'm satisfied and think their a quality product !!
 What can I say ? It 's a pack of clear glass slides . They 're clear , well packaged , and reasonably priced . I especially like the tissues between each slide to minimize scratching . I would buy again .
 I 'm just an amateur who just began using a microscope . They seemed pretty good . Came with good tight packing .
 Excellent value . I bought these slide for my twin 8 year old grandsons for Christmas a year ago . They still view them today . The slides have been valuable in learning about items they can not readily see without a microscope .
 This product is of high quality for my son . He lovesI recommend this toy to everyone for their excellent design
 These slides were exactly what I wanted , and much cheaper than the ones at my school 's bookstore . They also shipped very quickly .
 Totally excellent product , fast shipment , A + + + + . Would buy again , again , again , and again . Thank you very much !! Very Excellent , excellent , excellent .
 This product came very quickly ! The packaging was wonderful and all slides are in working order . Thanks again , and I will definitely recommend this seller to friends and family . Thank you !
 These were also for my grandsons . They can make up their own slides to use under the scope . Excellent way to let them increase their grades in science .
 Excellent transaction . Received timely and in advertised condition . I would do business with this seller again .
 WE ordered this to go along with the microscope ordered from Amazon . A great purchase for the price . My son has been able to collect many items and has still not used all of the slides .
 Just got to have these guy 's if you want to use the microscope . Price was great and shippping was fast .
 Received in good condition , glad to have on hand for great-grandsons as they need them for school projects .
 Slides are good for viewing things under the microscope . Would have been nice if they came with slide covers
 Got these slides in record time . The seller is only a few towns away and that probably contributed to the speed of delivery , but it was FAST . Slides are good , got them for my son to use with his microscope . They do not include slide covers , though , so you will need to buy those separately if you need them . Overall great price on a quality item .
 I have a very curious 9 year old and he loves to examine everything . We bought some of the prepared slides and you can look at them , but nothing else . With the blank slides he is able to create his own .
 These slides come in a box with tissue paper in between , and it is very easy to place something on them and observe under the microscope . They are durable , too , holding up to being dropped on the carpet a few times . -LRB- Not so well under the shoes , though . : / -RRB- We really enjoyed putting hair , skin , onions , paper , etc on the slides and observing them .
 If I knew you had the slides whit the covers I would have ordered that instead of these slides , I did n't know you had them until I ordered the other ones .
 The slides arrived in record time and were exactly as described . I am very happy with this vendor .
 My 2 1/2 year old daughter LOVES this puzzle . We pick up the different faces and put them in the puzzle as we make up a story about the bears . When we change the story or have another event happen , we pick up another face with a different expression -LRB- happy , sad , etc. -RRB- We also change the bears ' clothes as the bears change activities . My neighbor was amazed at how creative this toy is and how much it inspires the imagination .
 I bought the set of 6 wrestling action figures for my 8 year old grandson . He is a huge fan ! They were shipped very quickly and packaged seperately with an additional prop included in each box . He was thrilled and I could n't be happier with the purchase . They are very sturdy and will withstand all of his wrestling moves , mostly bashing them together . I am amazed at his enjoyment and even though I am not fond of wrestling myself -LRB- it seems a bit violent to a Grammy -RRB- his imagination at preparing for `` battle '' is a great thing to watch . He knows that `` wrestling '' as seen on TV is not real , so I do n't worry that he is developing bad habits playing with this type of toy . Boys are boys and love to pretend fight -LRB- my boys played with the little `` green '' arny men in the same way '' . This brand is exceptional quality and will last for many years of fun . I plan to buy another set of different wrestlers for his birthday and will definitely buy from this suppier again !
 my grandson loved the wrestlers . they are very well made and will not break .
 Decent item , except it has no holes to view the insert -LRB- as shown in the picture -RRB- , and whomever opens it must be careful not to drop any small pins . Beyond that , the item is pretty nifty for securing a gift .
 I read the directions and was making a lot of noise . No effect . Watched a You Tube video demonstration . He really whacked it ... the top slid off on it 's own . Watched a young woman whack it with more finesse , but also hard.So I went into a different room to a desk and set down the cardboard box it came in to use as a buffer and protector for the desk . Then whacked it hard ... three times . The pins dropped down and the lid could be slid off.Nothing delicate about this box . It can take the abuse as it is a solid piece of wood -LRB- no windows -RRB- , with the inside routed out , and the pin holes routed out . The ` lid ' area and lid is dovetailed to only slide off.The inside has two pieces of clear ` vinyl ' to slip the paper money between . Hard to see , so be sure the money is between the vinyl . This type of vinyl has the tendency to static build up . May require tweezers or a thin tacky stick to retrieve paper money.I got this at a thrift store for $ 3.80 and 20 % off with senior discount Monday.I would not have purchased it otherwise . Was hoping to find some money in it ... but perhaps the original owner could not get the box open to gift it . Ha ! Will gift this to a son or grandson this year . Might be a fun thing to pass-it-on .
 This is an excellent educational tool for teaching you little one letters and spelling . The edge of this board and the letters are made of wood and the letters are painted with bright colors . But I have 2 problems with this toy . First of all , the letters got scratch mark real easy . My kid plays around with those letters for a little while and they 're like worn already ! The second problem is small pieces of wooden might peel off from the side of the board which I think it might stick into the hands of the kid , be cautious !!
 My only complaint about this game is that to actually play properly you must have 4 or more players . Usually it is just my husband and I playing games together , but it was alright since we mainly just got the game to ask each other all the questions . The first time we played I laughed so hard my cheeks hurt . Most of them are kind of ridiculous questions but that is the fun of it : -RRB-
 THis was lots of fun to play with my friends , would recommend to anyone . THe challenges can be disgusting like picking someone else 's nose but you have the option to skip them
 LOVE LOVE LOVE this funny and sometimes gross game . . Fun for parties or jus reading them to yourself . . This is a must have game !!
 We used this on our road trip to florida to help pass the time . It was great.Really makes you think . Great fun .
 This might be the funniest yet grossest game I 've ever played . Some of the questions I could hardly read out loud without gagging , but they do give you some interesting things to ponder . Definitely not a game for everyone -- just the openminded and strong stomached .
 `` WYR , twisted , sick and gross '' is funny , often the kids got in the action as well because they LOVE gross things - and tried to gross-out the adults
 The funness -LRB- ? -RRB- of this game relies on the amount of people you play with and who they are . By what The more fun or crazy the people are directly impacts how much fun you 'll have playing .
 I bought this game for my boyfriend , and now everyone we know is inviting us over just to play ! It is nasty , uncomfortable and hilarious , just the way we like it .
 The game comes in a nice tin for carrying it around , it 's not just cheaply packaged and thrown together like a lot of games.The game itself is usually left at the wayside in favor of just reading the cards and laughing ... this is really a great conversation starter for a night out with the guys or when you 're all getting together to have a few drinks . Lots of really gross questions -LRB- would you rather bite the head off a live gopher , or thoroughly lick the rear of a cat -RRB- , and some conversation starting and thought provoking situations as well -LRB- would you rather cheat on your spouse and no one know , or not do it but everyone thinks you did ? -RRB- ; anybody who can appreciate a good fart joke every now and then will have a great time with this .
 My husband and I bought this for some friends and ended up opening it and staying up for hours just reading the cards to eachother . Some are sick and twisted and some are gross but some can start really indepth conversations . Then some just make you laugh till you cry . They are divided into catergories such as eating , pain , embarassment , and ethics . We have n't actually played the game with the rules but just the cards are worth it .
 this game is ADULT rated and VERY fun ! each card asks `` would you rather ... '' questions that have to do with 5 different categories 1 -RRB- pain/fear/discomfort 2 -RRB- appearance/embarrassment 3 -RRB- food/indigestion 4 -RRB- ethics/intellect 5 -RRB- random questions.there are some sexually referenced questions . so make sure no kids are around . i brought this game to party and it was a hit . people still ask me to bring this game over . its a great way to break the ice , get people interacting and get a party started . i HIGHLY recommend this game .
 A pretty fun game . Only problem is that there is n't enough cards . I have played 3 times and the challenge cards are already used up . But overall a very interesting and fun game that is picture worthy .
 This is a nice travel game that even if you just want to ask the questions , it starts a lot of interesting conversations . I would recommend this for young adults + .
 This game is awesome ! Do n't play it with your uptight friends . We do n't usually even get out the boardgame , rather read the cards and really have some thought provoking discussions . If you do break out the board make sure to bring your camera phone for great photo ops ! Have a few cocktails on hand to really take this game for what it is worth .
 I bought this for a funny birthday gift for a good friend who liked playing the &#34; would you rather &#34; game . As far as i know she has enjoyed it .
 These are just great . Four 12-piece puzzles made out of very durable materials -LRB- see Pros below -RRB- . The sturdy wooden box has four compartments under a sliding lid . Each of the four puzzles are theme related . These four are Kitten , Puppy , Bunny , and Pony -LRB- there are two different sets with the same animals but different pictures -RRB- . Pros : Easy but not too-easy puzzles.Pieces fit well together.Nice pictures.Sturdy container.Each puzzle has a different shape printed on the back to make sorting the puzzles easier.Super durable . I did not realize just how durable they were until I found a piece in my dishwasher . Even after being washed the picture was fine and the wood in perfect condition.Cons : It may take a few moments to figure out how to fit an entire puzzle 's pieces in a single compartment.Lid does not lock closed.My kids love these and you will too .
 My 2.5 yr old loves these puzzles . When the puzzle is assembled each picture is small ... probably half the size of a standard sheet of paper . But that is fine ... each puzzle has 12 pieces.The puzzle pieces are wood but seems very thin wood . I do not use the unfinished wood box to store the puzzle due to all the complaints against this puzzle 's sister puzzle set -LRB- 4 Wood Vehicle Puzzles in a Box also by Melissa & Doug -RRB- . I place each puzzle in a zip lock bag and give my child one puzzle at a time.Since he is new to the puzzles I sit with him and help when he starts to get frustrated . He can do 2 of the 4 puzzles by himself and has only used them for about 2 weeks.The price is worth it .
 Fantastic gift for boys and girls alike and they can really play without the worry of the puzzle pieces getting bent . Very colorful pictures and easy pieces to hold and work with . Plus , you have a place to keep them when they are not being used . Great price , too !
 The item is compact so you can take it you . It is also organized & built to take the abuse of a 2 & 4 yr . old child . I highly recommend Melissa & Doug Products as well as this puzzle group .
 My daughter loves this unicorn . She has to sleep with it everynight . It is now her favorite stuffed animal .
 My grandson spends hours making things noone else quite understands , but he loves it and it 's better than video games
 Great product for creativity and learning . Easy to have shipped , maybe a little pricey but most toys are . Comes with an aluminum box to store the pieces , but found it was loud and store them in a plastic box instead
 Ive been loving amazon for xmas for the past 3 years . my son loves the toy but i spent full price and the bonus box is not what my son opened for the holiday . He didnt notice it but i did . i will call and hope they fix the issue which is minor
 I purchased this toy to keep children entertained in my office while parents are filling out paperwork . I keep the pieces in a metal box that fits in my desk drawer when not in use , and since the box attracts the magnets , they practically pick themselves up to be put away . I give a quick lesson on the repelling and attracting characteristics of the magnets , and then conduct business without worrying that the youngsters are getting into trouble exploring the office .
 These magnets entertain my two boys -LRB- 7 & 3 -RRB- for hours on end , literally . I am truly amazed by all the different structures and designs they are able to create with these simple sticks and balls . My littlest one calls them `` magics '' and I think for inquisitive young minds , magnets are pretty magical !
 this is a great toy . I bought this for my 9 year old nephew and he loved it ! Apparently he already had some but was happy to have more to add to his set .
 My son loves Magnetix . He is almost 7 , and the attraction and repulsion of magnets fascinates him . He will play with this toy without distraction , and can play with it by himself or with an adult . The only problem with it is the packaging . Because the rods have positive and negative ends , the slots in the styrofoam which only allow side-by-side stacking makes cleanup a pain , because the ends have to be aligned correctly to allow all the pieces to stay in place without repulsing each other . Also , the shallow sections make it easy to lose the magnetic ball bearings . Some sort of divided tub would work much better .
 Well done model of Nascar race car driven by Dale Jarret # 98 to add to my collection of some 60 cars so far . Not available in stores I have visited .
 The title is somewhat misleading , since it 's those who can get in touch with their inner Dork who have the greatest chance of success . During the convoluted race from Gene Pool to Dork Paradise , you 'll sail through Lucky Lake , slide through Ear Wax Way , and follow other routes too humorous to mention . Depending on the space you land on , you get to answer a Keener -LRB- a Keener is the anti-Dork -RRB- question , like
 Our family was looking for a new game this year and boy did we find a good one in `` Dork '' ! We played it Christmas night and went to bed with guts and faces aching from laughing so hard ! Just reading the questions was enough to make us dissolve into gales of laughter ! You definitely get out of this game what you put into it . If you buy into the premise , that you have to make an idiot out of yourself , you will have a ball . Great for all ages , the true trivia questions are no more difficult than some of the absurd `` Dork '' questions . If you are looking for something different , engaging and funny , look no further !
 At last , a game that is not only about winning . This game , regardless of age , is not about its participants winning at all costs , rather it is a vehicle for good friends to enjoy each others company . `` The Dork '' pushes the envelope by requiring players to reveal and communicate . Believe me - the resuts can be fantastic , frustrating , and yet empowering , because as a player you have to make the ultimate leap of faith , and risk exposing yourself to personal embarrassment . All in all it is a positive experience that is about friendship and bonding - a refreshing ordeal !
 This is the most amazing game ! the amount of interaction that all players have with each other provides some of the most off-the-wall entertainment you will ever have . It is a constant source of hilarity , creativity , and full blown fun . I 've played the game quite a few times with different groups of friends , and it never gets boring . Everybody who plays loves it , regardless of age , sex , background . The only limits to amount of fun you can have with this game are the ones you set for yourself . Buy it , you 'll love it !
 We love playing games !! One night I was looking for something new that we could play toghether . I picked up Do n't be a Dork ! My friends and I did some of the craziest , memorably funny things I could have ever imagined . The `` OR '' cards and Impersonation Alley cards have the have the funniest prompts on them . We had so much fun laughing at each other 's interpretations and dorky antics . Who ever thought of them must have one incredible imagination . Play this game -- You 'll have a great time together ... We did !
 This game is unlike any other I 've played ! The object of the game is to be the first Reach DORK PARADISE ! All players start in the Gene Pool where they must choose weather they want to be a Dork or a Keener . Players then make their way up the D.N.A. -LRB- Dorks need Action -RRB- strand and begin a journey that will have everyone involved , laughing ! The questions are Crazy , -LRB- some with no real answers -RRB- and the stunts are very original ! This game is not for the shy ! Some cards last the entire game -LRB- cry like a baby every time a 5 is rolled . -RRB- and some just for a round -LRB- get underneath a piece of furniture and take an item with you . pretend you are playing an instrument for the entire round -RRB- . Be careful not to go to Another Demension ! While there you must repeat everything you say twice for two rounds . You You Talk Talk Like Like This This Even Even When When It 's it 's Not Not Your Your Turn Turn . It 's an unforgetable Journey that is sure to bring out the dork in anyone who plays it !
 This definitely is an interactive game - there are true trivia questions as well as crazy dork questions . The best ones are the impersonation cards . It makes it fun to get to know your friends around the table really well . The several times we 've played it , we 've been in stitches every time . Tonnes-o-Fun !
 Want to get to know yourself and your family or friends better , and have a big belly laugh doing so ? Then play `` Do n't be a Dork '' ! It is truly an interactive board game , designed to get the players to do , say , feel things that definetly are n't par in a person 's normal day -LRB- unless maybe you are an actor -RRB- . `` Do n't be a Dork '' is a cross between charades , Trivial Pursuit and Monopoly ... if you can imagine such a combo . If you want to break away from the day to day for a couple hours -LRB- sometimes the games turn into several hour marathons due to the infectious fun and the chemistry that the current players have created -RRB- then `` Do n't Delay '' `` Do n't Hesitate '' `` Do n't Be Shy '' and especially `` Do n't be a Dork '' or you 'll miss out on the FUN ! I 'm sold .
 Do n't be a dork is off the-wall fun that kept us laughing the whole time . The Dork and Keener questions are cool , but the ` OR ' Cards , and Impersoantion Alley -LRB- the one 's that put you into `` action '' -RRB- are the best ! The graphics on the board are fantastic as it also entertained us ! We played with 8 poeple and everyone had a blast !
 I never laughed so hard at myself or my friends . It 's the most fun I had playing a board game . Nobody left with hurt feelings . It 's a great icebreaker and an awesome way to spend an evening . I ca n't say enough about the game . Congrates DBAD Group !
 Everything seemed to be in order and in the shape that the discription had said . Super fun game I was glad I was able to find it .
 This is not a game for kids even though the age limit says differently . This is a game for adults who are either very outgoing and fun or who have had a few drinks . So the rules are n't super clear , big deal . Make up some of your own and get on with it . This was the funnest drinking game I 've ever played . Between the impersonations , the tasks the cards had you perform , and some of the ridiculous questions you were asked , this game provided side splitting laughter into the wee hours of the morning . Highly recommended for college students or adults that like drinking games .
 This game is fun after you have a few drinks . Gets some friends together and get ready to laugh . The questions are funny and the things you have to do , will keep everyone laughing . Ca n't be shy and play this game . This game will bring out the dork in all of us !
 I have now played this game 5 times . Every time I play it , it cracks me up even more . I played it with groups as small as 4 and as large as 22 -LRB- a Christmas party -RRB- . What a great way to break down barriers and laugh until your stomach hurts . The interaction is unbelievable . What a great game !
 We had sooooo much fun playing this game , it 's wild and totally whacky ! I love the way they made the board , great graphics and like the way it took us on a crazy journey , it basically tranforms you and your `` party '' guests to the world of a Dork ... i did n't realize how dorky my friends were . The `` OR '' cards are so off the-wall we were shakin ' our heads trying to figure out how they actually thought of all this and what planet they were on . . and then we found ourselves acting out and answering some Zany ... totally Dorky commands . 6 of us played -LRB- 2 more watched-chickens they were -RRB- and it definately unleashed the dork in us ALL !! Ca n't wait to play it again ! -LRB- We found oursleves saying `` dork '' a lot ... -RRB-
 Coming from a family who loves to play board games , we wanted to try a game that was a little off the traitional path . Much to our satisfaction , `` Do n't be a Dork '' delivered a night of raw gut wrenching fun ! The Q & A are delivered with some really unique consequences . Our favorite cards were the `` OR '' cards . They kept a fun `` anticicipation '' aroiund the table for the unknown . The reaction was always `` oh no ... what now '' ! A great night and a lot of laughs .
 This game is great to play with a lot of people . It makes you do crazy stuff and ... . makes you look like a dork ! Everyone was laughing in no time . One of our favorites !
 Do n't be a Dork will make you laugh so hard that you 'll cry and your stomach will ache ! It is without question one of the funniest games around that will make you and your friends see one another in a whole new light . If you want to have a hilarious evening then Do n't be a Dork is a ca n't miss . Try it , you 'll be glad you did .
 Well okay , so maybe I do always end up being the Dork but it really is n't so bad ! Emerging from the ` Gene Pool ' as a Dork or a Keener , cruisin down Earwax Way and a trip to Another Dimension - there is no other experience like it ! A great time for any party or get together and a better way to act like you often feel !
 The most laughs you 'll get with your friends playing a board game .
 Do n't be a Dork ? ... now that 's your final -LRB- # $ ** ^ % > -RRB- answer ! This game was a whole lot of Fun ! 8 of us played it and had a Wild & Whacky time ! It 's not like the other games -LRB- trivia pursuit wannabe 's -RRB- , Do n't be a Dork is `` out there '' , and fun is the main ingredient !
 THIS GAME IS SO FUNNY . THERE IS NO RHYME NOR REASON TO THIS GAME BUT TO SIT DOWN AND HAVE YOURSELF THE BIGGEST LAUGH OF YOUR LIFE .
 Not that big of a deal but they do n't come in a cool little box like this . They come in a crappy little 1 inch x 1 inch x 1 inch paper box . The cover slips themselves are fine .
 The plastic slide covers are exactly as I thought when purchasing , but the packaging is completely different from what is pictured on the site . I was buying these for my son 's birthday , and was hoping for something like the nice box pictured , but ended up with a chintzy cardboard deal , not even a quarter of the size shown in the picture I referred to when I was buying the product . They still will serve their purpose , but that storage box pictured would have been nice ...
 On the plus side , it is nice to have lots of clean quality slides in a convenient box holder . when you need them . The box keeps dirt and dust always and makes it easier to find a clean slide when you need one . The only , negative is that is is sometimes a pain to get a slide out without taking the rest with you . Seems like a slide sticks whenever I need to get one out of the box when I have rubber gloves on .
 These are what they say they are
 Yes , I ordered a Viewmaster reel for my great grandson 's 7th birthday.He spent several hours in the airport of Washington , D.C. recently waitingon a plane to take them on to their destination in Fl . Their scheduled plane had to turn back because of mechanical trouble . I thought he would enjoy seeing the historic town and capitol of the United States if only bya viewmaster reel . These reels are very educational .
 Great train . Picture and product is exactly as shown in picture and description . Shipping was prompt and received in time before Easter .
 We 've had James for a while now , and while he looks great and is lots of fun to operate , he just ca n't pull very much . We have a number of Thomas freight cars -LRB- troublesome trucks and other freight cars -RRB- and James can just barely pull 4 of these small freight cars . His wheels slip taking the curves on level track . I find that if I just rest my hand gently on top of this locomotive that the pulling works better , which leads me to believe this engine is simply too light . I have n't tried taking it apart to add more weight yet , but I suspect it would help . For such a large engine , it really should have had more weight when it was built at the factory.Otherwise , he is definitely a splendid engine -LRB- like he says all the time on the show -RRB- and looks great parked next to his stable-mates Henry , Gordon , and Thomas on our model railroad .
 My Grandson loves his New James locomotive , it runs beautifully typical Bachmann a far better loco and value for money than the Hornby version , he wants the others in this series by Bachmann
 My son could n't be happier . He 's careful with his Thomas collection and it looks like this one will last a long time .
 Very sturdy , a worthwhile toy , excellant !!!!! Well worth the Price and to purchase more in the Thomas train . Alot of fun for a child and very safe .
 This a great easel both in terms of quality and price ... it is not a toy , but is a professional quality artist 's painting easel with a crank and good wood and construction . The only caveat is that it comes completely un-assembled and takes about 2 to 3 hours to put together . You may need assistance with assembling it . It 's worth it though .
 Corgi has been making die-cast metal vehicles for decades , even doing the occasional TV batmobile back in the day , and this line is a worthy heir to the lineage . With this series , Corgi has focused on an aspect of batmobile lore that generally does n't get made into toys anymore , those vehicles from the Batman comics , and has put 2 full waves of 1/43rd die-cast joy plus 3 larger vehicles into of the line . The best part is that you do n't even have to be directly familiar with the comic books to recognize each vehicle 's place in the Batman legend.The designs in this 4-pack -LRB- each of which also released individually in the line 's first wave -RRB- are utterly fantastic , all have a wonderful heft to them that can only come from metal toys , incredible detailing , nifty features , and great paint work ... which reminds me , this 4-pack has a paint variant with some of the sets having a uniform metallic blue paint job instead of their individual looks , so check for which set you want . The line is made up of all-new pieces , Corgi did n't even recycle the wheels from set to set . Corgi also made sure that they 're not just great collectibles , they 're also great toys with strong parts and free-rolling wheels , so this set is perfect for kids and adults alike.The 1940s Batmobile - with its tall shape , big fin , mirrored windows , and huge bat-face battering ram on the front end - fits perfectly with the pre-war era Batman . This batmobile has red striping all around , fenders covering the wheels , and hoses coming out of the engine compartment , suggesting Batman doing battle with bootleggers and crime bosses . Push down on the car 's front end and the battering ram face springs out with surprising gusto - no wimpy battering ram for the Batman!The 1960s Batmobile is reminiscent of the TV batmobile of the same era , except more streamlined with swift '60s lines . The paint work on this one is incredible , from the red interior to the silver and red taillights , chromed gauges , silver bat-symbol steering wheel , and yellow headlights and eyes of the front end ... even the permanently-attached tiny Batman driving gets intricate paint work . Push down on the siren light between the windshields and out pops a toothy sawblade from the front end.The 1960s Batmarine transforms from sea to air by pushing down on a button at the rear of the fuselage , springing out the bat-scalloped plastic wings - the result is a very jet age-era design perfect for the '60s Batman 's plane , complete with the classic yellow bat-symbol painted on the wings and nose . The Batmarine has the best sculpting of the set with 4 jet intakes , 2 rear thrust nozzles , and a pair of lift-fan exhausts on the underside ; it also features a removable display stand shaped like the bat-symbol . Finally , the 2000 Batmobile is a triumph of future-retro design with its long , sleek look , reminiscent of a 1930s luxury car . The front sports an angular bat-face complete with yellow eyes , the wheels are all covered by the fenders yet still have bat-symbols sculpted on them , the passenger compartment under the smoked canopy is a narrow fighter-jet style layout , the second half of the car features sweeping bat-wings , and the vehicle ends in a jet nozzle . Under the canopy , behind the rear seat , a turbine rotates when you roll the car along.Don ' t miss this 4-pack , it 's a savings over buying them individually and perfect for play or display ; a great set for kids of all ages and a must-have for bat-fans everywhere .
 Our friends 3 yr . old son had these when we went to visit them . He and my son played with them , for what seemed like hours -LRB- but only precious minutes -RRB- . I immediately went to Amazon and found them here , as you ca n't find them in most stores . We bought 2 sets , which I think is a good start . My son , who is also 3 , has a little trouble clicking the ball and joint together , but I 'm sure he 'll be able to do it soon . The colors are bright and modern and the animals he makes are so creative . They 're well made , but do have some small parts , so keep away from smaller children who put everything in their mouth . I have fun playing with them too ! Excellant product , it 's just too bad they are are n't found more readily , so more children can discover their creativity .
 every time i take these out my kids ca n't get enough of them!they are great for building imagination or just matching real creatures.i just took them out and wanted to see if there were any more -LRB- the more sets the more crazy creatures can be imagined ! -RRB- the kids just sat here for an hour easy and if they had n't been in the middle of something would have stayed for a long time!even have fun when we take them out for playdates!i had bought them from learning express but they do n't sell them anymore !
 Hey its me why not buy me . Oh i look sooo good
 So I bought this for my twins -LRB- age 16 months -RRB- and figured they would love it . They are certainly amused by it , but guess who played with it before they did ? Me ! I could n't wait to get it out of the box and start stacking the little guys up ! The colors are bright and they have these cute little faces . I am not entirely sure my kids get the concept of what they aresupposed to do but they will stick two together and walk around with them . We do have fun sticking them to the fridge and stuff though ! The kids also like when i do little puppet shows with the little guys.The case that they come in serves as the base for the Stacrobats to stand on ... it is not quite as sturdy as I had expected -LRB- the sides are n't that stiff so it collapses sort of -RRB- but that 's not really a big deal . My kids do n't try to use the base for its intended purpose yet ... rather my daughter walks around with it like it is her purse . So there you go , it has an extra feature!Anyway we took this to the park and within minutes were surrounded by a handful of 4 year olds and their parents and grandparents who could n't get enough of the Stacrobats . So I am thinking while this toy can certainly be enjoyed in some way by the younger crowd , once they are a little older -LRB- 2 and up -RRB- they will understand it better and work on building a tower of Stacrobats , etc. . All in all a totally fun toy . The packaging says it is for kids aged 1 to 100 and I would have to agree . Everyone who has seen ours LOVES the Stacrobats !
 This is such a great toy ! Easy to stack and is very durable . I love that it comes in the zip up case so it 's easy to take to restaurants , doctor 's office , etc. .
 I 've got to admit that I purchased these links because I loved the way they looked . They have a sleek , funky style with amazingly vibrant colors that spoke to me ... fortunately , my daughter -LRB- 3mo at the time -RRB- thought they were pretty neat as well . They work well as car toys and teethers with several different textures on which to gnaw . My daughter still plays with them -LRB- 18mo -RRB- , whether it be by linking the shapes or kissing the plushies ! Overall , I think their novelty has been worth the price since toy longevity is rare in our household .
 These toys are adorable and functional . They 'll attach to other toys , including playmats , stroller toys etc. . Not so sure why they 're so expensive though ... . still fun and unique !
 I found these at my local goodwill in perfect condition . From the second I picked up the package to see what they were , my one year old daughter wents nuts screaming to hold them . And that was that . All the kids played with them all day , hanging them from the metal bunk bed and just having fun with them in general . We have a house full of toys and this one is by far the most exciting one they 've see in a long time.Its great for a one year old , its great for a 4 year old , and heck , I have fun with them . The one year old loves that the balls rattle and the 4 year old loves sticking them to different metal things in the house.Have I mentioned that I LOVE this toy ?
 My 5 1/2 month old loves this new toy . Oslo , the dog is her new favorite chew thing . She likes pulling apart the panels of the box . She likes chewing the flaps and looking in the mirror . I can fit in a few more of her favorite soft rattles and pack the box in her diaper bag for trips out . She can be entertained indefinitely with this .
 This item is cute and all my kids like it , ages 2 , 3 , and 6 !
 I really want that toy for my daughter , but it is too expensive for me :-LRB- I hope they will offer a discount on their facebook page for that toy pretty soon !
 Kushies makes terrific baby toys . They 're soft , very colorful , and babies love them . We bought our grandson this Zolo Peeko and also the Zolo Acrobats , which are terrific . I recommend their toys highly .
 Like most reviewers , I will have to admit this is just as fun for the parents as it is for the baby . Our baby is just under a year old and loves it . The baby ca n't stack them yet , but loves the holding little figures and making them stick together . There are no exposed magnets as they are all sewn inside . That probably is what makes them a bit pricey ; however , I would n't pay fifty bucks for them . I saw them at a major toystore chain for over fifty dollars but they were much cheaper on Amazon .
 I got these for my son when he was 6 months . He loves them and plays with them often . He enjoys chewing on the hard pieces . My 3.5 year old daughter likes to link them together for her little brother to play with . They are cute and unique . Good fun !
 I bought this for my 18 month old after reading the other reviews and I must say that I love it more than she does at the moment but I think it is a toy that she will grow into so I am happy with the purchase and look forward to her having as much fun with it as I do .
 I did n't know anything about this toy and picked it up at a garage sale . Only after seeing it on Amazon did I realize that there is supposed to be a bird song behind one of the flaps and a detachable Ozlo toy . The sound does n't work anymore , and the Ozlo toy was missing . Nevertheless , this is a great toy . I hung it from my baby 's play gym and she loves the contrasting colors of the black and white swirl , the texture of the five brightly colored ribbons that hang outside of that black and white flap , and the Peek A Boo mirror behind another flap . This is a great toy because there are flaps to lift and things to discover on all four sides of the cube . The sound and Ozlo toy in the center of the cube would be an awesome bonus if we had them . My baby likes the toy as it is , and as the other reviewer stated , I have also put other little toys and rattles in the cube , which would be great for on-the-go entertainment .
 My 2 year old daughter loves this toy . I love playing with them , too ! She loves to make them play on the stage . The acrobats and balls are very bright and durable . The case/stage could be a bit more sturdy .
 I really love this toy . I would n't say it 's `` educational '' but it is definitely fun . The little acrobats are magnetic and stick to anything metal , themselves , the balls and the base . Great for any age .
 Love it . Baby could care less though . Love that I can clip it to stroller or playmat . Very cute . Sad that baby was n't more interested but babies and kids will do that a lot !
 My 1-year-old daughter loves these things . She 'll spend 20 minutes sticking and unsticking them , then another hour carrying them around the house and sticking them to her highchair , radiators , the fridge , etc. . She 's little yet , so she does n't understand magnetism and is n't coordinated enough to build them into a tower , but that 's what dad & I are for.My only complaint about them is the price -- we received them as a gift and she loves them , but WOW I do n't know if I would have paid $ 50 . So maybe only go ahead if -LRB- a -RRB- you 've got $ 50 to burn , or -LRB- b -RRB- you already know your kid loves magnets .
 We love these little guys . My son is 10 months old , and although he ca n't stack them yet , he loves to pull them apart when we stack them up . Since they come in their own case , they are easy to get out or clean up . This is very important to us since it seems like all of the rest of our toys are thrown in one basket , and you can never find all of the pieces to one thing ! They travel well also .
 I also admit that I bought these because I liked the way they look better than other ring sets out there on the market . But I have to say that my 3 month old LOVES these - and the plushies have the perfect size features for little fingers and little mouths to suck on -LRB- perfect for the car when you 're stuck in traffic and ca n't get back there to quell the fussies or offer a pacifier -RRB- . The different textures are also a big hit for teething.The package comes with enough pieces to break up the set for the carseat , bouncy chair and a ` to-go ' bag .
 I bought these because I 'm a big fan of good design and with groovy creatures and fun colors , this toy called to me even though they were pricey . It does not however call to my 10 month old daughter all that much . The little creatures which I thought were so cute are probably her least favorite thing to play with . The linking shapes are more fun to her with their crazy colors and textures but she mostly chews on them . A teething toy would have been much cheaper ! I still bring them with us when we go out because they do link to high chairs and grocery carts , but if she pulls on them too much , they come off and then go straight to the floor . I think my money would have been better spent on just a pack of linking rings since these were so expensive !
 These links are much better than other links we have to secure toys to carseat or high chair . I like them because our baby chews on everything and the edges are softer and do n't hurt her mouth . The different textures and toys have provided much entertainment for our 7 month old . The only downside is I think they were overpriced .
 I HIGHLY RECOMMEND THIS PRODUCT IF YOU 'RE LOOKING FOR SOMETHING BOTH ORIGINAL AND FUN ... I BOUGHT TWO , ONE FOR MY 1 1/2 YEAR OLD NIECE AND THE OTHER FOR MY NEPHEW , SAME AGE , AND THY ABSOLUTELY LOVE IT ! NOT ONLY DO THEY GET A LOT OUT OF IT BUT THEIR MOMS PLAY WITH IT TOO . I HAVE BEEN ASKED BY OTHER MEMBERS OF THE FAMILY WHERE I GOT IT FROM SINCE THEY WERE SO TAKEN WITH IT . MONEY WELL SPENT !
 I love this toy . In addition to the &#34; magic &#34; of magnets , the balls have jingle bells in them , so they are fun to shake . Everything is nice and soft and big enough to be safe for tiny mouths . I also like how all the acrobats are different races .
 My 4 and 2 year old girls love this toy . My 2 year old gets to play dolls while my 4 year old builds all sorts of towers with them and helps the little men scale the refrigerator door.I like the toys quality in the build . No complaints whatsoever .
 This is a wonderful enganging toy , but not for the under one year old child . We adults loved it and I am sure my grandson will love it once he has the manual dexterity for it/The figures are adorable . It is sturdy and there are many ways the pieces can easily be magnetically attached to each other . Highly recommend it .
 This has been a fun gift for both of my children . The baby loves to play and chew on these . My four year old likes building them up , making letters out of them , and connecting them in different ways .
 I really am in love with this company 's toys . They are so well made , fun to look at and fun to play with for everyone . These in particular are so bright and festive . I like that the magnets are under the fabric and are very strong . Lots of fun !
 Very colourful with many textures . We only use the rubber rings without the soft toys and our baby really likes to chew on it . The only thing is that it is a little pricy for a teether , we would n't have bought it if it was n't a gift .
 This has kept our baby occupied better than almost any other toy . She loves to open and close the box , look at the mirror and the different patterns and listen to the crinkly sounds . She loves it and it 's a great developmental toy ! This is a must buy .
 the actual owner of the toy is too small for it yet but her parents -LRB- especially father -RRB- have already tried and enjoyed it ! very well made , lightweight and gives room for a great many ideas ! i love how the stacrobats cling to each other and the fact that you can throw a ball into a stacrobat 's hands and it will ` catch ' it . am looking forward to playing it with our little girl . highly recommended !
 I bought these for my grandson and sent them to my niece for her new baby . I initially bought them because I just liked the way they looked . I liked them even more when they arrived . They 're cute . They 're brightly colored , interestingly shaped and full of texture - for touching and chewing . They attach to the car seat , stroller , etc. easily and we have n't lost any yet!I am going to buy them again for our latest grandchildren -LRB- twins ! -RRB- . The only negative is that they 're not cheap - but they also do n't look or feel cheap .
 I was hesitant to buy this due to the price , but loved how they looked so thought I would take a chance - glad I decided to buy . My son -LRB- now 5 months old -RRB- loves the funky creatures -LRB- we unlinked the stuffed toys for him to play with when he was younger -RRB- and enjoys chewing on the colorful links . These are some of the best links I 've found and we use them all of the time to link things together or to link toys to his stroller/car seat .
 This is a great toy for any little DeeDee Doodle fan . My daughter ca n't put it down .
 My grandaughter loves this toy . I think it is a little too small for a three year old .
 This is the greatest thing for toddlers . If you want something to collect then buy the one here for 39.99 , however if you just want your little tyke to play , then wait till september 7th and buy the new design . It 's about fifteen bucks or so and it looks more like dee dee doodles keytar .
 this construction set is quite detailed , however the small pieces like the two figures and the shovel and some wooden logs are not painted , so you must consider buy some paint if you want a full experience.overall it is very simple to ensamble .
 Parts are detailed and cleanly molded . It is the perfect size for an HO scale layout . It adds a touch of life to an otherwisa static community .
 This was a great Star Wars WEG RPG campaign setting with tons of adventures and adventure hooks . Loved all the cool player handouts . The players loved having multiple characters to play at different times in order to stay involved in the storyline .
 Similar in style to some of the Palladium-type gaming campaigns -LRB- large softcover , b/w illustrations . -RRB- I have n't played the game itself , but the multi-book set looks like it has plenty of material to keep a campaign going . Uses the font Gravicon extensively in the book layout -LRB- which , btw is available from http://users.aol.com/tclai/ -RRB- Certianly worth buying if you 're both a game player and a die-hard Star Wars fan , just for continuity 's sake -LRB- I wo n't ruin it for you by revealing why ... -RRB- T
 Pros
 The Bachmann Trains Gas Station was easy to put together and I had it done in just a few minutes . You have the choice of using Shell or Texaco decals . It would have been nice had the windows and doors had clear plastic in them but for the price , you ca n't beat this station . The one thing that looks cheesy is the car . I wo n't be using that . The only items I will be painting are the gas pumps . They look too white . I do plan to glue the inside of the station since it does n't hold together well if you do n't . Using glue inside the station will be easy since the walls lock together into place . Overall , the station looks good .
 I would recommend this product to anyone who has a hobby in model railroad or is interested . It is easy to build and comes with two sets of stickers for different gas station brands to allow the builder to choose which station they want to go with in their lay out .
 I received the wonderful mer man mini bust in time . wonderful figurine , beautiful details , everything perfect .
 My dog absolutely will not put this thing down ! I bought a second one as a backup in case she ever loses it . The squeaker and the beans in this bone are the perfect combo . She does n't rip it up , and its a perfect size for a little dog !
 my dog rips all of his toys apart . Not this one . very durable . very fun . He loves it ! he is a small dog , but I am sure this would work for a medium size dog as well .
 I got this little toy for my dachshund , and he loves it . It has proven to be very durable , and the crinkle sound is very different than a squeaker . Recommend !
 My little pom is a nine-pound toy-destroying maniac . This bone is a durable favorite - three months of play and still has all the stuffing ! Has a squeaker in one end and a crunchy crinkly sound on the other . She loves this toy .
 This set has been great for our soon to be 4 year old . Last year we bought her the Cinderella and the Glass Slipper Playset . Since she -LRB- and our 6 year old -RRB- played with it so much we decided to add this and the Pumkin Coach to it . They spend a lot of time playing with it . It 's not as convenient as the playset is but all of the small pieces will fit into the playset . I would definitely suggest this item . They love it !
 Okay , I 'm a man in my early thirties who played with G.I.Joes back in the 1980s . I used to have to listen to the adults around me talk about how when they were kids , their G.I.Joes were the size of Ken dolls , and had realistic facial hair . So what , I liked my G.I.Joes ! Besides , being roughly four inches tall made it easier to have them fight in all their various land , air , and sea vehicles -LRB- the 80s really shoved a lot of toys at us , now that I think about it -RRB- . `` Enough nostalgia '' you say , `` Tell me about the toy today ! '' I 'm happy to say that the 25th Anniversary G.I.Joe action figures are still pretty cool . They 're still very poseable , and even come with little black bases to stand on -LRB- they even have their code names on them -RRB- . It looks like they changed the waist/torso movement a bit , but it 's an improvement , in my opinion . Nice level of detail , the same amount of durability from back then , and a few weapons to choose from.For you collectors out there , the package illustration is a nice throwback to back in the day , only with silver trim around the cardboard . And yes , on the back they still have the cut-out files!The bottomline is these are fun action figures that every boy -LRB- or girl , why not ? -RRB- should get a chance to play with . I always found that they encouraged creativity among kids , I think a lot of it has to do with their small size and poseability ; it 's fun to take little people and act out crazy scenarios with them . When you 're a kid , you can do that , but when you 're an adult , you make sure no one 's watching ! And for those of you who do n't know , Snake Eyes is one of the coolest characters in the G.I.Joe pantheon . And now you know , and knowing is half the battle .
 A re-imagined reproduction of the original 3.5 '' Snake Eyes.I was impressed with the new design and the new levels of articulation.I grew up with the 3.5 inch Joes and though I do n't play with toys anymore , I could n't help but open these up and put them in cool poses ... Really brings back memories .
 YO * JOE ! === Blast from the past . This Snake Eyes has to be the best figure in the new collection . From a nostalgic perspective , this figure fulfills everything you would want Hasbro to do when re-releasing Snake Eyes . From the illustrative graphic down to Timbers beady little eyes this toy embodies what Joe figures are all about . Get one , and you will know that you picked up a sweet throwback ! YO * JOE ==== !
 This Snake Eyes 2 reissue is pretty cool . Snake Eyes was always one of the baddest , dangerous and most mysterious members of the G.I. Joe universe for those of us who grew up in the 1980 's and played with the figures , watched the cartoon and read Larry Hama 's best selling comic book . While the original Snake Eyes figure was one of the coolest in the original series the second Snake Eyes figure was one of the most highly sought after in the line with additions like his wolf Timber , katana sword , uzi sub machine gun and combat knife as accessories . Fast forward 20 years or so & i 'm browsing through the store today and stumble upon a Snake Eyes reissue ! Even though i do n't collect or play with toys anymore i 'll admit i was greatly intrigued , the packaging , drawing of Snake Eyes and even the file card were just as i remembered them back in the 1980 's ! The detail in the figure was better then i remembered and a wave of pure nostalgia washed over me . I quickly purchased it with a big grin on my face and rushed home to open it ! The poseability of the figure is superior to the original and i had fun geeking out and putting him in cool poses . Thank You Hasbro for reissueing this great part of my childhood .
 My son is in the US Army in Afghanistan . I found his old GI Joes and his sons got interested in playing with them . I was so glad to find out that the new 25th anniversary ones are coming out again . The boys are having fun with my son by email and messenger to talk about old and new GI Joe play .
 Since I was a kid I searched for this figure of Snake Eyes for years . In the UK it was hard to find . So when I heard that they were re-issuing it again I knew I had to get it , maybe that sounds rather sad but hey we all have interests of difference.It is doubtful that I will be playing with this figure as I am a few years older now , but it does take pride of place next to my computer screen . It is , without doubt a very cool figure , as everyone knows that Snake Eyes is a great character.I do n't know what else to say other then I reccommend this figure to anyone and the others too .
 This action figure is more a piece of nostalgia than something I play with . It sits on the shelf still in it 's unopened container.Snake-Eyes was my favorite GIJoe character , and as cheesy as it sounds looking at it reminds me of hours inventing stories with my best friend when we were kids setting up our GIJoe and Cobra figures in his sandbox bringing our battles to life ... good times !
 SNAKE EYES need I say more . This is one of my childhood favorites next to Storm Shadow . If you want to be a kid again , even if you are 35 years old , get it . I will keep this one in the package and let someone in the future know how much remembering your childhood is . I plan to pass this on to my child if I have one , if not bury it with me !!!
 Snake Eyes was by far the best toy I ever owned , and probably the hardest to find . I do n't collect toys , but when I saw this one I had to buy it immediately . I have n't taken him out of the package , but I can tell by looking that he would stay together if I were weird and played with toys .
 I liked this so much I bought 3 . At first I was disappointed in the quality . The preproduction images where much better than the toy as usual . But once I opened it up I was very pleased with it . It 's too bad they are so close to having a 5 star toy here , there are minor details that hold it back . Much better than the older version . Very cool.Update
 This game is a fabulous and easy way to get through tedious SAT studying . It is a good way for students to study together , while enjoying a social activity.Highly Recommended for SAT students .
 This item is exactly as described and is so darned cute ! My wife calls our daughter-in-law and granddaughter sweet pea , so this was perfect . Make great , and exactly as described !!!
 This was really cute and just the right size for the little one involved . It arrived promptly and was well made .
 My 1 year old does not yet know how to take the baby in and out of the pod but she does enjoy snuggling her baby when she sleeps . The materials used seem to be top notch , but we have yet to try washing it !
 I got this one and the Hunny Bunny for my twin grandchildren . They are soft and cute , very huggable , and good for boys and girls . The kids got a kick out of taking the babies out of their little snuggle pods and putting them back in and giving them hugs .
 Surprised ? We were too . This one came out of the package and christmas was put on hold while my 3 yr . old niece played with the peapod baby . In the pod for a nap , out to play , and this is the softest toy in the world . Not only was the 3 yr . old stroking it gently , the adults were too . It 's cuddle-huggable soft , and omigod adorable .
 I bought this for my niece for Christmas . She seemed to like it but does n't get the concept of putting the baby back in . She will get it though ... she 's smart ! It 's a very cute toy !
 This is a cute , snuggly toy . She loves taking the doll in and out of the snuggle pod . I recommend it !
 This doll is absolutely precious ! Got it for my 7 month old and was so pleased when it arrived . The plush is extremely soft and the doll was a little larger than I expected which was a big plus for me -LRB- admittedly , I did n't investigate the size much before purchasing -RRB- . The little pod is satin-lined and the doll tucks in effortlessly . It 's a sweet toy , great for baby showers ! Perfect grow-with-me toy as baby can snuggle with it and then grow into playing mommy later on . Another bonus is the more `` boy-themed '' buddies offered .
 Bought this for my daughter when she was an infant , and now keep it packed away as a keepsake . Her name was Peanut in-eutero , so this was the perfect doll for her . She used to carry it around and tuck it under her chin like a telephone receiver and hug and kiss it all the time . Washes up well , and stays soft and brightly colored through the years-she 's 6 now and it still looks great .
 I bought these for my two granddaughters ages 2 & 1 1/2 ! Perfectly soft for my little ones ! Merry , merry ...
 My entire family calls my niece sweet pea because she was so tiny when she was born . When I saw this on Amazon I had to purchase it , and my niece loves it !
 Contrary to my review on the Sweet Pea Snuggle Pod Travel Toy -LRB- the arch -RRB- , I love this one . The toy is very well made and is just so adorable !
 I had bought this for my daughter shower . This was the theme we had for the shower . Everyone at the shower thought it was the best thing they saw . Great thinking on making different items . My granddaughter will love it .
 This toy is perfect for our granddaughter ... She Loves It !!!! No problem ordering and received quickly ... even during the Christmas holidays !!! Very Pleased !!!!
 My grandaughter called her baby Peapod during her whole pregancy . I had to buy this cute doll for my great grandaughter seeing her Mommmy was taken by the concept of it all . I used it on her diaper cake for her baby shower and it really added to the fun of it . It is well made and so cute !
 I bought this for my 5 month old baby boy . He 's not quite old enough to do anything with this toy except cuddle it . It totally serves that purpose . He loves to hug and chew on it . He also loves to play with the little tabs on the sides . It might be more fun for him when he gets a little older , but he enjoys it as much as he 's capable right now . I would buy this product again .
 This toy is so cute ! My grandaughter is maybe too young to really appreciate it yet -LRB- 4 months -RRB- but I hope she 'll love it eventually . There are several others , and they are all really adorable .
 We call this doll `` pod baby '' which makes us giggle . Our poor little pod baby has had several trips through the washing machine and dryer thanks to our little girl . But she 's durable and still super cute , although a tad faded now . Very cute little soft doll that I am happy to have bought . I later ordered the peanut baby too !
 I gave this as a Christmas gift and was proud to give it . Very cute !
 I bought this for a little girl 's first birthday . She loves it . Carries it around . It is soft and really cute . Washable too .
 A cuddly toy for little ones , is easy for them to handle . Is washable . I am very pleased with my purchase .
 These dolls are so great and unique . We got the sweet pea doll . My daughter is a newborn and so she will not love it until she is older but for now mom loves it ! It is her first doll and now I would love to get the rest for her ! Perfect medium size for snuggling , plush and safe for very small children .
 I love the Snuggle Pod toys . I bought one for each of my twin grandsons for Christmas and thought it would make a perfect baby gift so I bought one for my great neice . They are adorable toys and very inexpensive .
 I got the sweet pea for my 1 yr old daughter for Christmas . At first , because of all of the other gifts around , she was n't that interested . But once she pulled the baby out of her pod and held her , they were inseparable ! This `` ba ba '' -LRB- as she calls it -RRB- is her constant companion . She sleeps with/on her , travels with her , hugs and kisses her , and almost always has her in-hand . It 's become so important that I 'm getting ready to order a back-up . : -RRB-
 Let me start off by saying . . How cuuuute!It is made SO beautifully the picture does not show just how wonderful this is made !! This is a must buy especially if your little girl is feeding , dressing , rocking her baby dolls and putting them to '' sleep `` It is a great doll and I love that you can put her to bed in her little pea pod ! You can not go wrong with this toy !
 My daughter LOVES sweet pea . She sleeps with her every night -LRB- out of the pea pod -RRB- . It is the perfect size and is super soft . I am very pleased with this purchase . Sweet pea was one of her first words-so cute !!!
 This toy is adorable and perfect for an infant or small baby . It 's smaller than expected , but it 's worth the price . I have not given this to my baby yet as he/she is due March 25th , but once my baby arrives , I 'm sure I will add to this !
 My daughter received this as a `` welcome to the world '' gift from a good family friend ... and she has loved it for the last 2 years . It 's the perfect size for hugging and helping her see her babydoll in the sleeping bag -LRB- pod -RRB- has helped her snuggle into bed with little resistance . I would give this as a gift after seeing how much she has loved this doll at all the stages in the past 2 years .
 I purchased this Pea Pod for a gift and the little girl just loved it . It was so popular around my house that my 16 yr old daughter and 6 yr old grand-daughter also wanted one . Great quality and a great price .
 This little toy is very cute and very perfect for a baby btwn 3-9 months . I got the toy , thinking it was larger than it actually was , to provide my little one -LRB- 10 months -RRB- with a lovey . It 's so small that all he does is hold it like a football and toss it -LRB- future quarterback ? -RRB- . It is perfect for a smaller baby . The pictures of the babies holding it were misleading as I have a giant for a child . Nonetheless , very very cute . Very soft and safe for baby . A little small , but still a good toy overall .
 Loved this , well made , 19 month old still plays with it , very soft & cuddly , too.Pod is satin lined and well done . Goes great as set with boy-peanutdoll ! Would highly recommend on Cuteness factor alone as a gift for a new mom or baby . Great for a shower
 This doll -LRB- and the peapod one they sell too -RRB- is just the cutest ... well made and very good price . Perfect size for a baby and toddlers , little kids and even my teenager loves it . Why pay GUND prices when this is available ?!
 I wanted to buy a first baby doll for my 11 month old grandson and this has proven to be the best . He takes the doll out of the pea pod and points to the eye , mouth , hands and hair . He loves to feel the softness of the fabric in the pod . He puts the baby back into the pod and hugs it . His favorite toys are trucks and cars and books but this little toy has become one of his favorites also . This is the best baby doll for a little boy . Thanks !!!
 we got this little snuggle pod for our 6 month old for xmas . he loves it and holds it in his arms while he sleeps . it 's very soft and machine washable . terrific buy !
 Well my nephew adores babies , and after the hundredth time of him fighting for my daughters baby dolls his mom and i decided to get him one . -LRB- He 's still young enough to grow out of the phase we say -RRB- After i opened the package and he saw it I knew i should have ordered more . It 's so cute and soft , just the right size for a 2 year old . all the little kids liked it older siblings as well because his sister immediately went online to look for a pretty pink one for herself ; -RRB- He likes to snuggle with it and take it out of it 's bag , it 's like a little sleeping blanket .
 My 8 mos old daughter has been sleeping with this doll since she was 4 months old . I leave it in the crib , then hand it to her when it 's time to go to bed so it signals to her it 's time to sleep . I love that I can just throw it in the machine when I wash her sheets , then put it on the radiator to dry . It 's just the perfect size and squishiness for snuggling . I highly recommend this .
 This is a really cute doll . It washes up very well in the washer -LRB- both the doll and the pod -RRB- and it is very soft and cuddly . Great bedtime company for a little one .
 This is a great , simple toy for a little girl . It has become my daughter 's favorite as far as special things to keep with her . We got it for her first Christmas when she was 9 months old . She 's 2 1/2 now and it 's the one thing we have to take with us when we travel to other places so she can sleep with her at night . She really just keeps it in her bed and cuddles with it -LRB- she calls it `` baby '' -RRB- at night . She does n't like to put her in the snuggle pod though . We got the boy version of this , the ` Lil Peanut , as a gift to her from her brother when we had a baby boy -LRB- she was 20 months at the time -RRB- but she 's never latched on to that one like she did the Sweet Pea . It 's just really sweet how she hugs her at night .
 Purchased this for my baby & he loves it & sleeps with it every day . Safe toy , machine washable , great size for them to hold on to , and has tagies on his head -LRB- babies LOVE tags -RRB- I recommend this toy !!
 Sweet Pea is just too cute and I 'm sure my grand daughter will love it . It even looks a bit like her .
 This arrived and I am so happy I ordered it , its a gift for a little girl and I was so happy with the quality and the price , very sweet little gift
 I liked the Snuggle Pod very much , but I have to be honest that it is a little miss leading when you think the trim around the neck & sleeves are going to go all the way around . For that I gave it a 4 star . B/c this is going to be a gift I did have to return 2 of them b/c of the trim on one arm turned the wrong way . But I have to give Kudo 's to Amazon/Manhattan Toy for the exchange being mailed back out pronto & the return could n't had been any easier for me with no return shipping for me to pay .
 I bought this for my niece who is almost 2 and I think she is going to love it . It is extremely soft and the baby is SO easy to put into the pod .
 We got this for our infant daughter , who is drawn to dolls . I was a little disappointed by the size , but I think for a small child it 's the perfect size and shape for snuggling . It 's quite soft and is very cute . It did come with the doll and the pea pod . I was pleased with the price we paid and the product that we got . It 's a Christmas gift this year and I am very sure my lovely daughter is going to love it !
 really cute . well made . my niece loves it . she takes it everywhere she goes . it 's very soft and totally kid friendly .
 The face is sweet , the color is vibrant and the pea pod is unique . How can you go wrong with this sweet toy ?
 Ok I know I bought this for my granddaughter but I think I want one for niece . This little doll is so adorable.I love to surprise kids for their birthdays and Christmas . I 'm always trying to find something no one else has and this little Sweet Pea baby doll is perfect for any little girl ... . She is so cute and soft oh my I want to play with her before she gets wrapped up for Christmas and then in baby slobber , oh this will be exciting . Thank you Manhattan Toys.I also ordered two of the Manhattan Stella doll , have n't received them yet but I am excited if they are anything like Sweet Pea , I 've accomplished everything I wanted . The delight the girls will make at Christmas !
 I wish I had seen Sweet Pea six months earlier when our granddaughter was six months old . So I did n't see it until her first birthday was almost here . I got Stella and Sweet Pea for her birthday . Sweet Pea is the perfect size for a little one , under one year , but good to have as a dolly in the car also . She is very cute . Easy to put inside her pod and take out as the lining is a satiny material so the doll slides in and out easily . Good size for a six month old . So sweet .
 great for my grandaughter 's first christmasshe loved it , it is a great cuddle toy and small enought for small hands
 This item was purchased as a Christmas present for a 14 month old who is wiser than her months old . She loves , it , her parents , love , her grandparents love it . I love it and will purchase more of these wonderful soft and snugglely plush toys .
 I bought this adorable `` Pea In a Pod '' baby for my grandaughter . It is precious ! The baby is nestled into a soft `` pod '' , and easily comes out to be held . The doll is soft and small , with a sweet expression . Perfect for a baby to love and hold onto . Such a cute , original idea . I highly recommend this !
 Very soft , much bigger than I had expected . Fits nicely into the pod easy for baby to do herself .
 This pod baby caught my eye when I was searching for a doll for my older grandaughter . This seemed a little young for a three year old , so I bought this for her new baby sister . It is adorable , well made and hopefully baby Lucy will like it when I give it to her in just a week . Lucy is now four months old and we will be seeing her for the first time . Hopefully she will give her pod baby doll a `` 5 star rating '' too .
 My 3 month old daughter loves this . She snuggles with it at bedtime . Cute toy .
 My daughter loves her two snuggle pods . She has the peapod and the peanut . She sleeps with them and carries them every where . They are soft and cute .
 I recently order this peapod baby for my 9 month old daughter and am SO glad ! Very snuggly little toy that my little one has become attached to right away . Soft , cute , well-made toy of just the right size .
 I bought this for my friend who is expecting . I 've called the baby `` Peanut '' since she found out she was pregnant . When I gave it to her at her shower a few weeks ago she loved it ! It is so cute and soft ! It was the perfect gift !
 This is a cute , very soft baby toy . My 1 y/o likes to see momma put the baby `` nite nite '' in the pod and `` wake her up '' when I take her out . The baby does n't have legs , it 's shapped like the pod on the lower half .
 the doll is really cute , and very well made . I was on the search for a toy that could be a `` lovey '' for my baby son to help self sooth him when he sleeps . The doll is very soft and small enough for him to hang on to with his little arms -LRB- 4 months old -RRB-
 Excellent present purchased for my 2 nieces . This product is adorable and very soft . The girls loved them and they were far older than the age range it was marketed for . I highly recommend this product for purchase .
 I BOUGHT THIS ADORABLE BABY DOLL FOR MY TWIN GRAND-DAUGHTERS WHEN THEY WERE 8 MONTHS . NOW THEY ARE THREE AND THIS COZY DOLL IS BY FAR THEIR FAVORITE . IT IS THE PERFECT SIZE TO HOLD AND CARE FOR.IT IS THE BEST GO TO GIFT FOR LITTLE GIRLS .
 I absolutely love this little doll . My baby is 8 months old and loves to hold and play with this little doll . It is so soft and easy for her to hold and cuddle with . It rarely stays inside the pod because baby loves to play with it . Really enjoy this product .
 This toy is tiny and delicate ! So cute !! I am so happy to have it for my friend 's daughter .
 Very cute and soft , perfect for a newborn but I little smaller than I expected . I brought for my 1 year old niece and I think it is a little small for her .
 Sweet little toy , super duper soft and cuddley . For some reason I was under the impression it was a bit bigger but that 's ok , it 's easier for my baby to grab and hug ! Cute idea , I 'm sure she 'll love tucking the baby in when she gets a little older .
 We got this for our 9 month old for Christmas and it was a HUGE hit . We are buying more of this same style to have for back-up 's as it is now a must have anywhere we go . Good quality with the exception of some loose stitching on the satin for the `` pod '' which is n't really an issue since our daughter just likes the baby anyway .
 I bought this for my 10 month baby girl ! It is not like any other present I Have found anywhere ! Love it and all the adorable details . I recommend this to anyone . ; -RRB-
 Purchased this for my daughter after purchasing a similar item for a friend 's daughter . The doll is soft and cuddly , and the lining of the bunny `` suit '' is also quite pleasant . It 's difficult for babies and older infants to put the doll back in the outfit , but it 's a cute addition to any doll collection .
 My daughter picked this out for her newborn brother as a Christmas present last year . She insisted on the Sweet Pea one of course , but my son loves it just the same . At 13 months old now , he sleeps with it every night . It 's so sweet to peek at him on the monitor and see him all cuddled up to his Sweet Pea ! The doll has been machine washed and dried -LRB- on low -RRB- a handful of times now with no ill results . We have n't washed the pod yet as it does n't get the same amount of play -LRB- and drool lol -RRB- so I ca n't speak on that part just yet . I definitely recommend this toy for girls AND boys ! : -RRB-
 bought this for the little girl i nanny for her 1st christmas ... she loved it so much that her parents have had to buy 5 replacements ... not because the quality was bad but because she would love on them so much they would get nasty ... they are soft , have no parts that can fall off and are machine washable
 I was hoping it would be a bit bigger , but is precious . It is so soft and very well made . A perfect first baby doll .
 I purchased these for my two little granddaughters . i am pleased to say that they both loved them . I wanted something for them to cuddle and ` mother ' and this seems to fit the bill .
 I bought this for my 9 month old daughter and it is perfect . She snuggles with it , giggles at it and chews on it quite often . It is the perfect size for her and super soft . I would definitely recommend this to friends , and even give it as a gift .
 Very cute toy , good size and weight , very very soft . My 1 yr old niece seemed to like it . The baby comes in and out of the pod easily . Well made .
 This is the only stuffed item my 1yr old will use . She got one as a gift for her birthday and had to buy this one as a backup ! She loves it .
 My daughter received this little doll as a shower gift , and she has literally slept with her since the day she was born . She loves her so much ... a true must have for any little baby girl !
 I have an in home child care center , A child left her pea pod baby at home several times causing a rough day , bought a second pea pod baby and now life is much easier ! Also allows one baby to be washed at all times . Thank you for fast prompt shipping to !!
 We just loved this toy . Well made and my grandchild carrys it everywhere . It was a real hit . The toy came in time , was just as it was presented . I highly recommend it .
 I thought this was so cute , however , my 18 month old granddaughter would rather play with the peanut than the baby doll . : D
 We got this during cybermonday on a slightly better price , and boy is it ever a hit !!! My 14 months old daughter absolutely adores this baby , has learned to say `` shhhh '' to it and rock it to sleep -LRB- its eyes are closed -RRB- , and hugs it all the time . It 's also very very cute and soft . Definitely a hit !
 First doll for two month old grandaughter . It 's adorable and very soft and snuggly . l love it , and I 'm sure she will , too .
 This toy is a shameless opportunity for parents to post pics of their kids on the internet ! ; - -RRB- My sister calls her kid sweet pea so I thought this would be an appropriate toy for her .
 The dolls are the perfect size for smalll hands . The fabric is soft to the touch so it does not scratch baby-fine skin . Also , it is easily machined washed . The colors are remarkable and the dolls are sweet !
 I had bought this for my granddaughter . Besides being so cute it is so soft , she loves it . A great gift .
 I bought this for my 15 month old daughter last Christmas and she loved it . She 's now a little over 2 years old and she sleeps with it every night and nap . Also it is very durable , since she 's had it over a year . Great toy . Would highly recommend .
 It 's soft , safe , washable and the cutest toy ever for our little granddaughter that we call `` Sweet Pea '' . Is smaller than I expected , but turns out just perfect for a baby .
 Nice , little and sweet !! really nice for little girls to cuddle and take care ! the doll can be taken out of the pod ! this is a cutie !!
 We love this toy . It 's completely safe for a newborn -LRB- no buttons or eyes that could come off -RRB- , extremely soft , and the perfect size for a baby to snuggle with . My 9 month old son loves Peanut so much that we bought two so we could always have a clean one on hand -LRB- the arms are apparently delicious ;--RRB- -RRB- . The instructions say to surface clean with cold water and air dry ; I 've washed it in the washing machine on warm and tumbled dry on low multiple times with great results . Great toy !
 My son received the snuggle bug for Christmas and he loves his baby ! it is bigger than I thought it was going to be and so incredibly soft . It 's very well made and has n't frayed or ripped , even with a rambunctious toddler dragging it everywhere .
 this is a wonderful item . my granddaughter takes it everywhere with her . thanks for super fast shippiing may need to order another one in the near future
 Sweet Pea is my granddaughter 's favorite snuggle toy to sleep with . It is soft and just the right size for little hands .
 It is not the same color as shown in the pic , but this little pea pod is absolutely adorable !!!! And the baby loved and snuggled with it did n't have to worry about any hard pieces scratching her face !!! Very happy with it
 I ordered this little guy for a friend 's 1st birthday . It came quickly and was packaged well . The toy is very soft and the baby loved it . Would recommend to a friend !
 My Granddaughter is expected in about a month and I ca n't wait ! This Christmas I needed to get her a present since she 's a real person to me already - got ta love those blurry in the belly pictures ! Since she 's referred to as &#34; Peanut , &#34; and I do n't know much else about her , I did a google search for &#34; Peanut Toy &#34; and up popped this . It 's quite small , just like she 'll be , and bright and cheery , hopefully just like she 'll be !
 My two-year-old niece had started carrying around a pile of blankets and cooing at it &#34; Oh , tiny baby . &#34; I figured she was old enough for a baby doll , and I researched all of the options out there . I looked at all of the dolls with plastic heads -LRB- American Girl , Melissa and Doug , Corolle , Madame someone or other -RRB- , and they frankly gave me the creeps . This seemed highly recommended -- although for younger children , so I though I 'd try it out . I gave it to my niece for Christmas , and she immediately said &#34; Oh , tiny baby . &#34; Now Tiny Baby goes everywhere with her . Literally , everywhere . And we hear stories of Tiny Baby 's exploits all the time . My sister had to buy a back-up to swap out secretly in case Tiny Baby got dirty , lost , or eaten by the dog . She swapped Tiny Baby 2 out recently to wash Tiny Baby 1 -LRB- wash and dry well in the machine -RRB- , but Tiny Baby 2 tumbled out of the dryer right in front of my niece . She cooed &#34; Oh , Tiny Baby , &#34; and scooped it right up and stuck it under her left arm -LRB- her right arm already cradling Tiny Baby 2 -RRB- . Now she walks around with two of them , and we have to find a third for a secret swap out . This thing is going to become a family &#34; heirloom . &#34;
 This doll is so soft , and sweet . She fits snuggly inside her pea pod , and is cute for any little girl .
 My daughter is 4 months old and this is a great first doll ! Small and soft , it 's perfect for her age !
 i bought it for my 6 month old twin girl !!! it 's the perfect size for her and sooooooooooo cute !! i like it more than she does !!! nice quality . i ordered some more for nieces and nephews for christmas gifts !!! so adorable !!!! it 's a most !!!!
 I bought this when I found out I was pregnant . My family nicknamed the baby ` Peanut ' , so this doll was just perfect ! Very soft and sweet looking : -RRB-
 I gave this wonderful plush doll to my great niece for her 1st b-day & she loves it . Her nickname is peanut so it 's perfect !
 My 16 mo. old daughter has always had a hard time sleeping without mommy or daddy . Naps were becoming terrible struggles , though she would be so incredibly tired . We followed the recommendation to give her a `` lovey '' and we are so glad we did . We had this snuggle baby since she was born and used it a bit for pretend play , which she likes . But when we started having her take it with her to bed , it became her lovey overnight . I know this sounds strange , but she has been going down for naps and sleeping MUCH better at night ever since . YIPPIE !!! It is the perfect size for her to snuggle with , carry around , etc. and it 's small enough that it 's easy to take with us on outings without it taking up too much space in the diaper bag . I do wish that this baby had legs , since my daughter is starting to wonder why she has feet and it does not : -RRB-
 I bought this doll when my daughter was a year old and she liked it ! It 's very cute and soft , and has little ribbon tag on top of the pea pod and an orange ribbon tag on top of the head , like hair . The bottom of the pea pod has a little squiggly fabric-covered elastic thing . I can see younger children liking those features to chew on and touch . Honestly , my daughter prefers her stuffed animals to this doll , but she does carry it around once in a while and I have seen her hug it . I rated it four stars just because it 's not her favorite toy , but the quality is excellent . It 's a great toy if your child likes dolls !
 This is just such a cute little snuggle toy for a baby or toddler.And when the little one has given it a lot of kisses it 's easily washable.Mama loves it as much as baby does.Super cute .
 My granddaughter loves these `` babies '' . Best gift I have ever gotten her . She sleeps with them , carries them all over , etc. .
 I bought this item for my one year old grandaughter and she has not put it down . It is just the right size and is very well made . I 've always been happy with my purchases of Manhatten Doll Company 's merchandise.JC
 Bought this little pea pod for my grand daughter . It is very well made and sized for small hands.I 'm giving it to my grand daughter for her first birthday .
 Like others noted , I thought this was the cutest thing ever and had to have Lil ' Peanut for my little boy . I hesitated for a while because it was on the pricey side and also not machine washable . I ended up finally getting it as a transition object for my 3-month old who was having difficulty napping . He will now hold the doll while nursing and being cuddled . The little arms are a perfect size for baby 's tiny hands . My baby also likes rubbing the ribbon `` hair . '' I worry that the doll will get yucky fast , as my little guy sometimes bites on him , but we 'll see !
 I recenly purchased this item as a gift for my daughter-in-law 's baby shower . She is expecting twin girls . The shower theme was `` Two Peas in a Pod '' so the dolls were a perfect gift for the occasion . They were a huge hit ! Everyone loved them ! I was so impressed with them that I 'm planning to buy Manhattan 's Baby Stella for the twins first birthday!PROS - well made , cute , soft , perfect size for little ones , highly recommendCONS - Absolutely NONE
 my grandson 's face lit up when he saw what his mom opened for him . It is very cute and cuddly .
 I was so excited to purchase this doll for my daughter since I always call her my `` Snuggle Bug '' . We gave it to her for her first Christmas when she was 9 months old , and with all the other toys she was n't that excited about it at first . However I showed it to her again a few months later and she LOVES this doll . It goes with her everywhere , she sleeps with it , and gets mad if it is left behind in her crib , it is her favorite and I just ordered a back up ! She did n't like the little bed it comes in at first , but now she likes to put the doll in and out . Great toy !!!!!!!
 I love this doll ! Both the doll and the pea pod are incredibly soft . They 're great for cuddling either in the pea pod or out of . Plus the doll is fun for little kids to take in and out of the pea pod . I got it for a friend 's toddler and she loved it !
 THIS IS SUCH A CUTE , SOFT , CUDDLY TOY , I ALSO GOT THE PEANUT -LRB- MY 12 MO. . OLD NIECE 'S NICK NAME -RRB- AND THE BUNNY FOR EASTER . SHE LOVES TO TAKE THEM OUT OR THEIR `` BEDS '' AND PUT THEM BACK , AGAIN . EVERYONE ASKS ME WHERE I GOT THEM !!! I THINK THERE IS A FOURTH ONE THAT IS A BUG . I 'M GOING TO GET THAT ONE , TOO !!! I FOUND THESE BECAUSE I WAS LOOKING FOR A STUFFED TOY WITH A `` PEANUT '' THEME AND FOUND IT ON AMAZON .
 My baby loved this little doll . It 's soft and easy for her to hold . It 's cute in its little pod or fun to play with just the baby .
 I love it . I 'm not sure if my 11 mo old feels the same , but it 's so cute you ca n't resist . She likes the doll and hugs it . She could care less about the cover .
 My mother in law bought my oldest daughter this sweet little doll when she was a baby . When my now 15-month old starting noticing Sweet Pea she wanted her for herself . She 's the perfect size for little hands . I had to buy another one for my now 5 year old . At such a reasonable price it was an easy decision .
 I was amazed by how soft this toy is ! Baby toys are usually soft but this is wonderful , I would let any child snuggle with it . The design makes it easy for little ones to hold onto . The ribbons on top are a nice touch .
 My daughter loves this doll immensely . Our dog just ate it and thanks to Amazon Prime , we had another doll to replace it immediately ! Definitely worth the money .
 I bought this for my daughter . The textures on this plush toy are really sweet for a little one . When taken out of her `` snuggle pod '' the baby girl is wearing pink bunting and has a couple of short ribbons on the top of her head for locks , which is great for more than aesthetic appeal since babies and small children love tags and ribbons . This is just adorable , interesting , and very well made .
 My < 1 yr daughter received this doll -LRB- really more like a stuffed animal -RRB- as a gift . She loves it and takes it with her everywhere . This toy is easy for a young child to hold , but big enough to hug , too . Although the tag says to just sponge the surface , I have put this toy in the wash several times and it has come out nicely and air-dried quickly -LRB- note that I have only washed the `` doll '' itself , and not the green `` pod '' , which my daughter does n't use -RRB- . I highly recommend this toy , and would purchase it for others . For those concerned that the pastel colors of this toy are too girl-oriented , the `` Snuggle Pods Peanut '' is the same thing but in primary colors that may please parents of both boys anad girls .
 this product was exactly what I was looking for . The kids they were purchased for are both under one year of age and this toy has no parts that could be considered dangerous to their well being . I was very pleased with this product and would recommend it for any child under the age of 5 .
 This little stuffed toy doll is gorgeous beyond words ! It is so velvety soft and huggable with blue and green ribbon tags on its adorable bald head ! It does not have legs but arms and it looks like it is wearing little non-removable blue gown . My one year old daughter fell head over heel in love with this . It was very interesting to see her kissing it constantly and it fits perfectly in her tiny arms as she cradle it . The blue pod with yellow ribbon tags is laughable easy to use to put the doll in and pull it out . I love the fact that it is soft and there 's nothing hard , sharp or dangerous for both of my daughters to use as weapon on each other . Thank you , Manhattan Toy , for coming up with this ! It made me wish that I am not a grown up .
 I bought this as a Valentine 's present for my 4-month old daughter . She ended up being sick so I gave it to her early . The first thing she did was give it a big hug and snuggle up with it ! This doll is super cute . You ca n't tell online but there are nice details to the doll , like smooth satin ribbon hair -LRB- 2 locks on top -RRB- and other satin textures on the outfit for baby to feel . It is just the right size for her to hold and hug , definitely a favorite for her . I waited a long time to buy this because while cute , I did n't think it was `` anything special '' but it truly is adorable and has nice details ... definitely high quality and worth the money .
 This is a perfect first doll ! It is exactly what I was looking for , soft , washable , well made and very cute . My 6 month old grand daughter hugged it immediately . I highly recommend it .
 My little girl is 11 months old . I got her this doll for Christmas and she loves it !! It 's soft and cuddly and the pefect size for small hands . We loved it so much I just ordered her Baby Stella for her birthday and plan on getting the ` lil peanut too .
 Fast shipping , Great detail from seller . Great gift for 1yo who is always carrying around dolls EVERYWHERE . Just throw in the wash and its just like new . Planning to buy others from the line , and from seller if possible !
 This is definitely for a baby - but neither my 8 month nor my 3 year old daughter pay attention to it . I think it is so adorable - but I am the only one who appears to think that !
 I bought this for my new baby for xmas , and she loves looking at it . I ca n't wait for her to actually play with it . But my 3 year old loves it !! : -RRB-
 I just adore this snuggle pod sweet pea thing ... this would serve as a gift for my baby , but I find that I just have to give it a rating of 5 even before she appreciates it just because I find it too cute ! :-RRB- It is a bit smaller than I expected but if you think about who would be using this eventually -LRB- babies and rugrats -RRB- , it is just the perfect huggable size for them . . so I guess that means mommy wo n't be able to enjoy it as I would if it had been a plush bear . But then again , I would n't trade snuggle pod for a stuffed bear anyway . Perfect and safe toy for kids . too cute , washable , well made and is not that expensive . : -RRB- UPDATE
 This is another wonderful toy by Manhattan . Small children love to hug it in the little `` pod '' or when they take it out ! It is super soft and a wonderful size for little ones .
 Li'l Peanut was a huge hit at my sister 's baby shower this weekend ! My sister -LRB- 1st time mommy-to-be -RRB- told us she was having a baby and showed us the ultra sound , she said it was the size of a peanut , so that 's what I started calling it , then we found out she 's a girl I still called her peanut . So when my sister unwrapped my small gift for Emily -LRB- peanut -RRB- , her eyes teared up , then stated to laugh and just us two shared a moment at the baby shower ; just us & peanut.This seems to be a very safe toy , no buttons to come off , nothing hard to hurt herself on , no moving parts to pinch a fingers and as babies do , put everything in their mouths , there will be no fuzz or lint to dig out of Emily 's mouth . When she gets older she can learn put her baby `` in '' & `` out '' . The picture does it no justice . This is the sweetest little thing I 've seen in a while . My 12 yr . old said she wants one too!This was just perfect !
 Although she has a variety of stuffed animals , cuddly blankies with animal heads attached , and various other `` lovies , '' my daughter has become attached to this stuffed doll -LRB- a gift on her first Christmas from a friend -RRB- . We fondly refer to it as her `` pea-pod baby . '' She goes to sleep snuggling pea-pod baby and it 's the first thing she reaches for in the morning when she wakes . She 'll tote that baby around for a good hour or two as she goes through her morning routine . It 's a real sight to see her try to balance the pea-pod baby in one hand and her bottle in the other . I 'm ordering another because the way she loves this doll I ca n't imagine what we 'll do if she were to lose it .
 We received two of these as gifts , the Peapod and the Snuggle Bug for my 1.5 year old twin boys . We went to the regular toy store looking for a doll they could play with and pretend to care for -LRB- our babysitter just had a baby and we thought this would be good for them . -RRB- but found a bunch of cheap , plastic , wet-yourself , crying and SUPER PINK dolls , not one that would be at all desirable for future daddies . We found these in a specialty toy store and love them . My boys cuddle them and pretend to feed them from their zippy cups , they even bring them to me and tell me the baby is stinky and we change its diaper using one of their newborn cloth diapers . They think this is hysterical . I love this baby , it 's soft and cute , and perfect for 1-year-olds . It is great for a girl or a boy , the girl doll is pink but not obnoxiously so , the boy is a nice blue . I highly recommend these for your little one , they are a nice , soft first baby .
 Great for kids a must have for toddlers I got it for my niece she has n't put it down since Christmas .
 Got this for my new granddaughter ! It is a soft soft soft baby and so cute ! Perfect for a baby girls first doll !
 Trying to find a favorite small -LRB- could fit in my big purse -RRB- `` lovie '' for my 10 mo old and was also looking for a boy doll for him . This is a super soft and cuddly lovie , it is super cute too ! My son seems to like its little sleeping face and it 's ears . When not in it 's pocket it fits great in my purse . The whole thing is just the right size for my little guy . Great toy ! I would buy this again .
 This is in line with all the wonderful Manhattan Toy products . A precious little doll for a tiny baby .
 I bought this for a nephew hoping it would be decent , and it was actually a perfect little gift . Super-soft , and the little plush boy inside comes out of the shell .
 We nicknamed out son `` peanut '' since he was so small when he was born and I hit the jackpot with this toy ! Like the other reviewer said - I do n't understand why this is n't popular either ! It is adorable !!! Very soft , very `` huggable '' , love the taggies for the hair and the satin pieces on the clothing for a tactile difference . My son loves him too ! The Peanut Doll is primary colors - perfect for a boy . Just a side note - the doll does not have legs - it is more like the peanut shape -LRB- like it has a bunting suit on -RRB- . Dolls are great toys for young children -LRB- and babies -RRB- since it aids emotional development and this toy is perfect for that job ! I very highly recommend it - you will not be disappointed !!!
 I purchased this as a gift for Christmas ... my granddaughter has not gotten it yet . . but I love it and I am sure she will . It is soft and bright colors . Can not wait to give it to her .
 I found this while searching for Christmas presents for my 3 month old daughter . We call her Peanut so it seemed very fitting :--RRB- I received it in record time and am so happy with it ! No wonder it is moving up the Bestseller list ! The doll inside the peanut is blue and is small enough for her to hold on to . She is starting to really grab and hold things and I 'm sure she is going to love her first doll from Santa !
 I got this for my friend 's 15 month old daughter for Christmas this year . Although I have not given it to her yet , I can tell you I am in LOVE with it ! No , it does n't have feet , but it looks like a baby who is in a sleeping gown . Very soft material , bright colors . ADORABLE ! This would be a perfect baby shower gift . I 'm sure my friend 's little girl will love it .
 This baby doll is so cute ! It is the perfect size for little hands . Bought it for my granddaughter 's first doll and she loves it . I recieve this product within 2 days of ordering it , very prompt service .
 This little sweet pea was a little smaller than I expected but my 6 month old daughter LOVES it . The little baby inside the pea pod is adorable .
 Very soft and the shade of pink is softer than it appears in the picture . Very sweet .
 I bought this for my niece 's first birthday and she loves it . She hardly puts it down . Im very happy i found something she likes so well .
 My daughter received the Snuggle Bug baby and the Sweet Pea baby for Easter 2 years ago -LRB- at age 2 -RRB- and is still playing with them . She calls their little ` pods ' their ` sleeping bags ' , and they must be tucked into them before bed every night . These babies have been washed many times and are still like new . A friend of ours had boy/girl twins last year so my girl was very into twins , and the sweet pea/snuggle bug combo made her a perfectly manageable , portable set of twins to play with and sleep with.Bottom line
 When the 1 year old opened it I think she liked it , but we would n't know because the older sisters -LRB- 3 & 4 -RRB- snatched it up and carried it around like a baby the whole party . Soft & sweet , it does have Sweet Pea embroidered on the side . That 's the only thing I do n't like about this toy .
 This snuggle pod is the cutest thing ever ! It 's a lot smaller than I initially thought , which is good cause I bought it for an infant . Its so soft and adorable !
 I bought this for my daughter who is 6 months old . I think it was a very good deal ! The size is bigger than I would have expected for what I paid . The doll is very soft , and my daughter loves all the tags/ribbons that stick out . She also likes to chew on the antenna , and she cuddles and hugs and kisses the dolly . I think she 'll like this toy for a long time ! I 'm so glad I found this on Amazon , and the price makes me feel like I really got a good deal .
 Love this little guy can not wait till my newborn arrives and I am able to give him this plushie super soft and squishy and a safe toy makes a great baby gift will most certainly purchase more for gifts in the future.Just a little update my little Blaize is 9 months old and still loves this guy.He can not sleep with out him.Very well made and washes well .
 I bought this for my daughter when she was around 6 months old , and she has slept with it every night since then . It is small , lightweight , and the perfect size for her little hands.Besides being about the cutest thing in the world when you see it tucked underneath her arm while she 's sleeping , it has also saved my hair during nursing sessions . I always have Sweet Pea available when I nurse , and now instead of pulling my hair or scratching my face her hands are busy holding and exploring her baby.I do like have the outer pea pod for when we travel or take the baby somewhere because it keeps the baby cleaner.My daughter is now 11 months old , and she is so attached to her Sweet Pea , that we bought a second one just in case we need a back-up !
 This is a perfect toy for a big sister gift so they can cuddle and snuggle with their little pea just Mommy and baby .
 This came earlier than expected and in great condition . All packaging was intact . I call my niece Peanut and it worked out great that I was able to find this . It is a birthday gift for her . I ca n't wait to see her open it . Great service .
 I got this little Peanut for my 1 yr old God-daughter 's birthday . The first few days she did not pay it much attention with all her new gifts but it soon won out . She has now had it for about three weeks or so and it 's her favorite toy . At first she just liked to cuddle with it but now enjoys putting it in the shell and pulling it out while she runs all around with it . My sister has called me multiple times to tell me how much her daughter likes it , I would definitely recommend one of these toys .
 This is a great snuggle toy . The fabric used is very , VERY , soft -- that smooth yet plushy type fabric . A little doll comes out of the peanut casing . He has two taggies for hair , and a blue body . The body has arms but then a round body without legs . The casing says Lil Peanut on it . As I call my daughter `` Peanut '' I wanted her to have it for Christmas -- and she loves him ! She has n't learned how to take him out and put him back in , but she will bring him to me so I can do it for her . Great little toy !
 I recieved the item in a very timely manner . It is absolutley adorable ! and very well made . I 'm delighted with it and so was my daughter , for whom it was a gift . I would highly recomend these - they are so cute .
 EVERY PREGNANT MOTHER GIVES A PET NAME TO THEIR UNBORN CHILD MY NIECE 'S WAS PEANUT SO WHEN IT CAME TIME FOR HER BABY SHOWER I MADE A DIAPER CAKE AND USED THE SNUGGLE POD AS THE CAKE TOPPER .
 I purchased the Snuggle Pods Pea Pod Doll for my Niece 's first birthday . Since her birthday has not rolled around yet , She has not played with it . Her Daddy calls her his little pea pod , so I thought the doll appropriate . I think this sweet little Pea Pod will teach her to nurture . It is so cute and soft and I ca n't wait for her to play with it !
 I bought this for my 13 month old for easter . It is very cute and cuddly . She is not very interested in it yet but I am sure she will be soon .
 I purchased this Snuggle Bug for my 8 month old son and he loves snuggling with it ! Adorable ! People comment on how cute it is all the time !
 This little baby toy is so adorable ! Worth the money I paid for it , and may eventually get the Snuggle Bug & Snuggle Pod -LRB- pea pod -RRB- toys as well . So cute !
 My brother bought this for our daughter when she was a newborn , and it 's become her favorite thing in the whole world ! She has to have it when she goes to bed , tucks it under her arm , and she 's out like a light ... She especially loves the `` hair '' on top -LRB- which is really just made by two tags of orange ribbon -RRB- , and she rubs it all the time . I 'm going to get another one so that if/when we lose the Sweet Pea she currently has , our lives will not be over : o -RRB- Fantastic product -- holds up well in the wash , is super durable , and has no small parts for babies who put EVERYTHING in their mouths . This great little doll is just perfect ...
 Like most toys you ca n't except your kids tend to play with it for awhile and toss it . They might come back to it later but who knows . So far my daughter toss it to the side but my older son play with it like a football so hey as long as it works it works .
 My pet name for one of my 2 granddaughers in Hunny Bunny , age 4 -LRB- the other one is Sweat Pea , age 2 -RRB- . When I saw these adorable plush toys with these same names of course I HAD to GET THEM ! -LRB- I purchased BOTH Manhattan Babby HUNNY BUNNY & SWEAT PEA -RRB- I was very happy with this purchase . They are soft and bright colored and adorable and both girls love them.The size is easy for them to handle and they are ideal for travel .
 This snuggle pod is just adorable and my little girl , turning one , loves taking it out of the pod and trying to put it back in . Very cute , and it is the perfect size to carry with her wherever she goes .
 My friend calls her baby girl `` little peanut '' so when I came across this doll I had to get it for her . This is one of the softest , cuddliest baby dolls I 've ever squished & it 's super cute nestled in the peanut pod . When baby J opened her present she smiled so big and gave it many baby kisses . I 've been told this doll has a prominent place for nap time and is one of J 's favorite babies .
 I bought this for my daughter for her first birthday . She really enjoys helping take the baby in and out of the shell , and snuggling with the baby . All parts are really soft and snuggly , so it could be baby 's first teddy bear . It 's small so it 's a perfect size for play in the car . We both enjoy it . I highly recommend !!
 I looked this up on Amazon under gifts for a 2 year old . This came up as one of the top rated gifts and it was a great price . The description had me with the soft satin lining . It sounded beautiful and like a great gift for a little girl . I received it and thought it was a little small at only about 12 '' long.However , I have a 4 year old and as soon as she saw the pea she wanted it . I had to explain it was for someone else . She then asked where I got it and asked me to buy one for her as well.When the little girl opened her Sweet Pea she exclaimed `` My baby '' and snuggled up close to it . She loved it and all the parents exclaimed over how cute it was . The Satin lining is beautiful and the names chosen for these little things are adorable . I definitely will be buying one for my own daughter as a gift . However this time I think I will give her the choice out of the pea or the others I saw . The double pea would also make a great gift for a child who is having a new sibling . This gift definitely is up there with top gifts I have purchased . It was a beautiful , classy gift for a special little girl .
 This is a very cute product . The material is soft and the fact that the doll tucks right into the pod is very sweet . After one child 's reaction , I did n't hesitate to buy another . It is a great little gift item .
 I bought three Snuggle Pods for my three grandchildren for Christmas . The Snuggle Bug was for my 6-month old so she was a little too young to fully appreciate it at the time . I anticipate her enjoying it more as she grows . They all are darling , well made and very suited for little arms and hands to hold .
 This doll is too cute ! My daughter absolutely loves cuddling with her and is trying to figure out how to put her back into her pod after she takes her out . The size is just right for little hands and is nice and soft . I havent yet washed it so do n't know how machine washable it is . Overall very happy with the purchase .
 I bought this for my 9 month old niece . It is an absolutely perfect `` first doll '' . The colors are lovely and the doll is just the right size for small hands .
 We received the snuggle pod Sweet Pea as a gift , chosen thoughtfully for my 16mo daughter b/c we call her `` Ellie Pea . '' She adores her Sweet Pea , which she calls `` seepee . '' When she goes to bed , we put Sweet Pea in her pod , and my baby grins every time we say , `` Shhh , she 's sleeping ! '' Sweet Pea is soft and huggable , with some interesting textures -LRB- ribbon hair , ruffles around the neck , embroidered buttons -RRB- and a cute face . She is just the right size for tiny hands to carry her around . Her arms can be stuffed inside the pod , or stick out in different ways , which is fun . Ellie can not put her in the pod by herself yet , but she can easily pull her out . Sweet Pea is definitely a keeper !
 Ordered this item for my 9-month old . It is adorable and very well made . My baby is not very interested in it . She does n't seem to like the feel of it .
 I bought this for a Christmas gift for my nephew who has an HO train set . It arrived in a timely manner and my nephew liked it .
 This is a great float - much more comfortable than a plastic float , especially when it 's really hot and humid outside . Our first one was ruined because we overinflated it , and the seams came apart . Otherwise , a great item at an even greater price !
 Good quality and very thick material but the raft is too narrow , hard to lie flat and keep your balance . should be great for playing in ocean waves . For laying in the pool I use two of them , one for upper body and one for legs
 Bought three of these rafts for my families trip to Destin last week . They were just like I remember growing up in Miami . These where the funnest things to play on in the surf and they proved fun for everyone . 7 days of hard use by 4 kids and mom & dad ... NO LEAKS !!!! They were cheap for the quality !!!! We actually saw several other beach goers with the same one !! Would definately suggest these to family & friends !
 NEW JERSEY is known for their waves at the Sea Shore -LRB- and I do n't mean the Show Jerey Shore -RRB- . Ron Jon first opened the original Surf shop there and then in Cocoa Beach , Fla. . This Canvas Surf Rider holds up to the best of them . It rides the waves with ease , you can stay on it , it 's durable ; what more can I say except . Hang Ten my friend and get yourself one it 's FUN !!!
 We really enjoyed the canvas surfs . We used them at the beach and had a lot of fun with them . Easy to inflate and deflate .
 I bought these rafts for our dogs who normally ruin other floats with their nails . These are very durable .
 My daughter and I are short and did n't need the length of most air mattresses taking up our whole tent . The canvas of this swimming float feels more puncture-resistant to me than most air mattresses . They take up a lot less room in our small tent and yet totally keep us off the ground . So far we 've camped three weekends and we love them for this purpose .
 Purchased these rafts for adults to float on not for kids rough play , but I am sure they would hold up . Very study . Wish they were a little wider for easier floating .
 Me and a buddy or two are going to go on Rainbow River this summer , so I needed some big rafts to lay on and tie together as opposed to the silly inner tubes you 'd have to otherwise rent . The restriction for bringing your own flotation device is to have something no bigger than 60 inches . After countless searches , I finally found this which just meets the requirement ! I 've inflated them up and tied them together and , unlike what other reviewers said , they 're holding air just fine . Guess I 'll have to update you guys after the river trip when I 'll actually test them on the water ! But for the guys saying it loses air instantly , it did n't happen for me . And after laying my fatness on them , they still are inflated , and I 've inflated them at least twice.So check point to that ! Other things to note include the texture . Do n't know about you but I remove some clothing when going in the water , and the surface on these things is , well , a little ugh . I feel like I 'd get an abrasion if I was being too rough with them . It 's marketed as `` canvas feel '' so I guess that 's desirable to someone out there . I just think it would 've been better with a softer vinyl feel , but that 's just me I guess . But as a mattress , it works perfectly fine . As a plus , it was really easy to tie the three grommets on the side together to another raft . Now I have a super raft so I do n't lose anyone on the river lol . And I can attach another if needed -LRB- the rules people at the park do n't seem to care if you attach -RRB- . It 's easy to differentiate each raft because I can just flip it over and choose blue or red . Nice touch!So all in all , great price while meeting my requirements made this a great purchase . 4 stars =-RRB- And if you 're interested , Rainbow River is in Dunnellon , Florida and is a 4 hour ride down a big river where you can swim around , see wildlife -LRB- otters ! -RRB- , etc. . A very nature filled experience that 's relatively inexpensive , particularly for smaller parties . Been on it once and I loved it ! Check that out if you 're ever interested ! Just look up `` rainbow river tubing k.p. hole '' . *** Update - Well , it they lasted the whole river ride and are still inflated days later . Good thing I did n't listen to those negative reviews ! These were perfect !
 Greenough would approve . this one is a bit long though . . so much fun but they only last a maybe 5-10 surfs until they spring a leak
 Not a toy great for anyone young and old . We use it as a raft , lots of fun , just what we wanted , and the price was right .
 I bought this for my 8 and 10 year old boys at the beginning of the pool season . We always blow through the plastic inflatables but did n't want to spend a huge amount of money for something from the pool store . This was perfect . My kids put this through the wringer , they would jump on it trying to surf , everyone would pile on it trying to sink it , and it withstood several beach adventures as well . A couple of times during heat waves we had to top off the air , but no leaks developed . The grommets seem like they may be starting to rust but I ca n't complain as we leave it outside exposed to the elements all the time . Overall , I am very happy with the purchase . It is really sturdy and it shows no sign of stopping , even with 100 + pund people jumping on it !
 This item makes going to the beach a lot more fun . This surf rider is very well made and should last along time with very little care .
 We all know beach toys do n't last long . I bought 3 rafts , and I expect to have a great vacation with them ! You can not beat the price , and I 'll replace them every year if I have to . They are attractive , the canvas is sturdy , and the kids have loads of fun . I should have bought more , because everyone is fighting for a chance to use these old fashioned beach rafts . I love it !
 My kids have five or six of those `` Ready Beds '' , the fleece sleeping bags that have a pocket for an air mattress , and the air mattress in almost all of them goes flat . These work pretty well as a replacement . The size is n't perfect , but it works . They look pretty durable , but we 'll see how long it holds up .
 lots of fun takes alot of air to blow up try a pump rides well canvas thin so might not hold up to sand after a year
 This raft is excellent . Why is it excellent ? Because it 's 9 dollars . It keeps you afloat . It 's got a great texture , feels nice to lay down on . If you want a deluxe $ 95 raft , buy a deluxe $ 95 raft . This one is $ 9 and it does its job . That is all .
 Gave it as a gift and got no complaints . I do n't have more info for you . What more do you want ?
 I only wish they made this raft in a larger version also . Almost impossible to find canvas rafts , especially longer ones than this . It 's perfect and much more durable than the plastic ones we 've had in the past .
 Works well in our above the ground pool . Seems pretty durable , holds air well.We use with our little dog standing on it pushing him around the pool to cool offand it supports him fine .
 Canvas raft with rope handles is a smart ride for rocky lakes . The canvas is durable and the raft is long enough to stretch out and float on .
 The first one we got had a leak in the seam , the replacement unit works well and get 's alot of use from my 7yo daughter and her friends .
 Well detail and easy to put together , and look great for my train layout . I recomend this product to other train buffs .
 Nolee is really pretty and comes with a neat little outfit but she does have a much bigger face than regular `` barbie '' dolls . I was looking for a more oriental doll but did n't come across one . I 'm a little sick of all that blonde hair and tan skin type of doll . they 're a little too easy to find.Nolee 's arms are n't `` jointed '' like some of the regular barbie dolls but her knees DO bend ! when I first pulled her out of her package and saw how BIG her feet were I almost died ! Luckily , the `` shoes '' came off and she had `` normal '' barbie feet . -LRB- Breathiing easier now ! -RRB- She has a little painted on panty and she can wear regular barbie clothing -LRB- which is a plus in my book ! -RRB- and has a nice lighter skin tone which looks great with her long dark hair .
 Nolee is a beautiful newcomer to the My Scene line . I did n't like the 2 braids in her hair so I unbraided them and I love how her hair looks that way . There 's not much more I can say since I 've raved about the My Scene dolls so much already . Her clothes are awesome and she 's fun , like all the other My Scene dolls . I hope they keep adding new and beautiful dolls to this line . I would really love to see a redheaded girl .
 As a preteen and a barbie lover , I was rally excited when the my scene brand came out . They are more in proportion than the bratz dools , but look more `` teen like ' than other barbies . I absoulotly love Madison , and have Nolee on my wishlist , but my friend got it and loves it . Good job Matel !
 I 've got two of the My Scene dolls - Nolee and Bryant are n't available in the UK yet . They are so much prettier than Bratz , and the clothes are so much better . Also , My Scene look chic , not trashy , so parents will probably appreciate that .
 I love Nolee
 I am so happy that Mattel has finally made a Barbie that looks real . The My Scene dolls are the best , and they 're so pretty . Their clothes , hair , shoes etc are awesome !! I 'm so glad Mattel has finally gotten their act together , great job !
 I love Barbie and friend doll 's even cheap doll 's . The My Scean doll 's are very pretty . I do still like the Bratz dolls . I made some Bratz dolls sisters of the My Scean . I do n't have the Boy or Nolee but . I will probley buy them . I like the dolls I have . The only problem with the doll 's they do n't have a twist waist . I wish they had the Jewal Girl Barbie 's body . So they can belly dance . I love the Jewal Girl doll . I named her Anisticia after the singer . I Named Barbie of the My Scean doll 's , Charm Braclet . After Mariah Carey 's Charmbraclett album . I got the doll and the CD the same day . I do n't like having every doll named Barbie so I name all my dolls . I have a Barbie name book I made.I would probley name Nolee
 She 's so pretty ! My Scene Barbie is a nice alterative for people that do n't want to buy the Bratz . Barbie has been spiced up but is still the cute little doll she always has been , the Bratz just look downright trashy , I 'm glad Mattel gave us a happy medium between the original Barbie and Bratz . Nolee is not ` goth ' she just has a dark complection because she 's Asain .
 I LOVE the My Scene Dolls ! I have all of them including Nolee ! I think these dolls are better than the Bratz because they are prettier , bigger , have more clothes , have actual feet and do n't even cost a lot ! I took advantage of the Easter sale and completed my collection . This doll is cool even for ages up to 14 -LRB- i think -RRB- . I 'm twelve and dont even like barbies but these are so cool !
 I think I have finally reached that point when I can admit , yes I am 24 and still like to collect Barbie 's . I can remember saving up my allowance every week , spilling it out of my trusty bank , and counting out enough for my monthly Barbie purchase . Now , with a job at a toy store , I find myself counting out my paycheck to see how many fun things I can buy . I still go for the Barbie 's . Why ? Have you seen the coolness that is the range of Barbie products available these days ? Take the new My Scene dolls , specifically Nolee . She is the doll that finally caught my approving eye . I admit that I originally wrote them off as ` too weird ' for my old school Barbie tastes . Nolee changed that . Her coloring is very similar to my own . Her clothes are some of the coolest clothes ever . Her makeup completely suits her . The only thing that could make her better would be an easier way to find all the clothing sets . I do n't want to miss any of them . The only change I would make would be not to have painted panties . The low-cut fashions reveal them and to me it looks bad .
 I think this doll is adorable , but what annoys me is that most people probably consider her Asian . I do n't think she is , because she has the exact same head mold and eye sculpture as Barbie , except her eyes are violet and she has dark hair . -LRB- Just because she has dark hair , does n't mean she 's automatically Asian . -RRB- Nolee sounds like a French name , also.I do n't think how the doll is dressed is too `` racy '' because it 's supposed to be for the summer . -LRB- The dolls from the fall line had pants and jackets . -RRB- Overall I think Nolee is very cute , and she reminds me somewhat of myself . -LRB- I 'm in college , btw . -RRB- Reccomended purchase for doll owners of all ages .
 This doll is beautiful ! She is rather gothic , but it 's very attractive , if you think on it . Her hair was loose on the sides and did not complement the dress very well , but it is easily pulled back with a clear band . Her arrival outfit is cute and sporty , but I love her dress with the Faux suede blossom . Her best features are her deep auburn highlights -LRB- look closely - they 're there ! -RRB- and her mesmorizing violet eyes . Well worth it .
 Nolee is the `` BEST ! `` I love her adorable pup.I 'd prefer My Scene Dolls `` BETTER '' than other dolls -LRB- especially bratz -RRB- . bratz are the most `` HIDEOUS ! '' things ever !!! Check them out on this site . '' !!! HIDEOUS !!! `` NO FEET !!! `` GIANT LIPS !!! `` THEIR HEADS !!! I could go on forever !!! ...
 When My Scene Barbies first were introduced I thought `` Rip Off . '' But then I realized that Diva Stars were made BEFORE Bratz , and that Mattel is n't trying to make a knock-off . If anyone , Bratz are the rip offs . My Scene Barbies are cute and trendy . They are probably best fit for more mature children . As far as the song content , the music on the CDs are from popular music artists . Sheryl Crow is not promoting communism as mentioned in an earlier review . I think it may be too mature for children to understand , but I think it is probably a good way for children to learn the many different kinds of beliefs which make up America and a good way to learn to be tolerant of views different from our own . Without this song , there would probably be no educational value .
 Nolee was the last of the My Scene dolls we bought because she seemed a little scarier than the others . After removing her visor and doing a little primping , she is actually just as attractive . Mattel should work on their packaging so as not to scare potential buyers away . The CD has a hodgepodge of popular radio hits . It is just supposed to convey the particular attitude of Nolee compared to other dolls .
 My Scene Barbies are prettier and more realistic than regular Barbies or Bratz dolls , but they need more clothes ! My ten year old daughter wanted to buy this doll today , and since she had her own money , I did n't make a big stink about it . I 'm so glad she changed her mind when her brother told her the doll looks like Grandma in her underwear . The doll does n't look like Grandma , but the clothes are definitely small enough to be underwear . I 'm disappointed that Mattel would make such a cheesy doll !
 She is so pretty!I think Bratz dolls are `` UGLY ! '' ! Nolee has a perfect figure.If I were YOU , I would stay away from those Bratz!They do n't have FEET!Every is `` UGLY ! '' about those Bratz.No wonder that 's what you call them!Please take my personal advice .
 barbie was getting kinda boring to a collector as myself but one day while browseing ii found my first my scene at toys r us and then on anyting i see with my scene i get it its like an addiction lol but they are so beautiful and trendy and reminds you more of a real girl the makeup is so soft and beautiful and the clothes so masterfully done just when i gave up hope mattel gives me faith and respeact thanx a mill mattel and if you can make a red head and a more ethnic boy for mads
 This was my first MyScene ever ! I love her because she is SO cool ! Any way , what she includes is , her little pug Cookie , a sweet bikini , a extra dress , a brush . What she 's wearing is , a halter top , a purse -LRB- which is SUPER cute ! -RRB- , shorts with a REALLY cute belt , sandal styled shoes , and a visor . She I should mention has two -LRB- 2 -RRB- braids in her hair -LRB- which by the way is really soft and manageable -RRB- . Hope this helps ! : -RRB-
 Nolee is great ! She is my favorite myscene doll ! I think that Myscene are not copying bratz ! They are all different types of dolls ! And i play with both , I pretend that Nolee is Jade 's mother and Barbie is Cloe 's mother and madison is Sasha 's mother and Chelsea is meygen 's mother and sometimes i put the new boy River as Yazmin 's father and pretend her mohter past away . I love nolee she is beautiful !
 First the BRATZ took over , then My Scene came along!Nolee is the star , she is soooo popular!I really think she is Japanise.She has beautiful clothes , hair , eyes , and body.BRATZ have an enormouse head and lips.Nolee is better than Jade.Barbie is better than Cloe.Chelsea is better than Meygon.And Madison is much better than Yasmin and Sasha.The deal is , I LOVE MY SCENE DOLLS , SO BUY THEM ! You 'll love 'em !
 Wow ! Awesome doll ! Very fun to play with , and very stylish ! A new adventure everytime you play with it . A toy for all ages ! Everyone can have fun with these dolls !
 I liked Nolee because she 's a newcommer to the my scene line . She is Asian . Her pug dog is cute and her clothes are so cool . What I found hard to do was tie the strap on her bathing suit . The strap is too wide , unlike her top straps . I also think her shorts are too short.I think mattel should come out with a line of clothes specially made only for a specific girl . I also think mattel should come out with different body styles so clothes should fit only one girl . The body styles could be fat , thin , a little bit thinner ... the list goes on . I 'm thinking that if children have dolls with different body styles , there may not be so many people who are dieing to be slim . I 'm not saying children should get fat or somthing , I 'm just saying it could give a kid a different outlook in the world . I `` m also a bratz fan . I 'm not saying I think they 're ugly , but the heads sorta look like my cat 's head .
 I love my MY Scene Doll Chelsea she is just great ! I rrrreaaaally want the Nolee and am actually going to get her soon I love the My scene dolls beacuse they are fun and really cute ! I love the fact that they dont have the weird pegs instead of feet like the bratz do I find the fact that the bratz have those pegs annoying beacuse you have to go out and BUY ! another bunch of shoes for them with the my scenes you can use the barbie shoes that you already have ! I hope this review helps those who are looking for a good doll the my scenes are really fun and ... . I love them !
 I purchased Nolee and Chelsea last week . I had seen them at the store and thought they we 're very cute . I have a 3 year old daughter who I planned to give them to , yet when they arrived yesterday I decited to put them away until she gets older . These are made for the pre-teen girls who are too old for the original Barbie yet still young enough to play with hip dolls . I 'll admit it , I opened both Nolee and Chelsea and had fun putting on the outfits on them . My 3 year old had a hard time trying to dress them yet she loved the idea that mommy was playing Barbie 's with her . The CD that came with Nolee has music that I do n't typically listen to , I did not find it offensive like the other lady did , yet everyone is entitled to their own opinion . I am a proud American who has family right now fighting in the war . It 's times like these that we need something to get our minds off our problems , if Barbie and friends can help , more power to them .
 nolee IS asian.i mean . look at her black hair and almond eyes . she looks asian . have n't you guys ever seen one before ? -LRB- -LRB- copy and past link below onto URL -RRB- -RRB- take out spacesenglish . chosun . com / media/photo / news/200403 / 200403150015_01 . jpgOR just go on google and type in `` Lee Hyori '' `` Kim Tae Hee '' and `` Song Hye Kyo `` those ladies are all KOREANS which are ASIANS . and the one called Lee Hyori looks like nolee - maybe prettier . and just because Nolee is asian does n't mean she is fricking Chinese . alright ?
 This doll is great ! Debbie Demke from Alhambra , CA USA , I do n't see why you are so upset ? There is nothing wrong with that song or the word `` communist . '' I knew what communism was when I was 9 . It 's just a system of government ! I think Nolee is beautiful . Her clothes are cool and so is her hair . I would recomend this to anyone who likes dolls !
 My scene dolls are very fun and carative dolls . They com in difrent ways like , Nolle is chinies and Chelsea is American and has redish hair . There are much more my scene dolls if you look for them all you tipe is , `` My scene dolls '' . I hope you have fun looking at them !
 I was just reading some of the reviews that kids and parents have been putting on here and i was horrified . All of you should be ashamed of yourselfs for writing such things . Bratz are NOT hookers or slutty or smutty and niether are the my scene people . They both are nice dolls and to call them those names is disgraceful . I personally like the bratz better but that is only my opinion . I can not believe that people are writing such things . You guys just need to wash your mouths out . Now about the doll . Nolee comes with some cool clothes and nice sandles and a brush which happens to look like the bratz brushes -LRB- hmmmmmmmm -RRB- . She has a little plastic purse that has a puppy in it and lots of styling accessories . Her dress looks great on her but her bikini is a bit weird . She also has funky sunglasses that suit her . The only problem is that her sandles are very hard to get on and you have to sit there pushing and pushing . Despite that , I think she is overall a very nice doll . However some of the ideas are the same as the bratz but on the whole they are pretty much differant . This is a nice buy and for more fashion fun try out the bratz because they are very cool too . And lets not see any more comments about how much better my scene is because if you like my scene you are bound to like the bratz pack . Thanks for reading and I hope it was helpful !
 This doll is GORGEOUS , especially in the dark blue dress that comes with the Spring Break set . I bought all of the Spring Break my scene dolls , except Barbie -- I hated her Dirrrty Christina Aguillera outfit , but the others with their little dogs are all awesome . Two things about Nolee -- the visor gives her a bad case of hat-head , and for some reason her shoes do not have the essential slits in the back to help them go over the feet . It is really hard on her ankles putting the shoes on without the little slit that the others have . Maybe mine just has defective shoes ? Otherwise , this doll almost takes my breath away , she 's so pretty .
 I have to say that Nolee is my favorite of all the My Scene gang . Her hair is dark brown/black , and I believe she is supposed to be of Asian descent , although she shares the same face mold with the rest of her My Scene girl friends . I particularly love this version of Nolee because she has no bangs . That makes for optimal hair styling possibilities ! Her clothes are done in tones of plum , which works so well with her fair skin tone . She comes with a halter top and denim shorts , a bikini , and a very cute one-shoulder dress . Not to mention her purse and puppy!I like to pair up my Nolee doll with the Bryant doll . I think they make a perfect couple , although I think in the My Scene stories , Nolee is into Hudson . Oh , well . It 's all about playing , anyway !
 I 've already written about how awesome Nolee is , but I 'm here to tell you about the separate fashion packs . I own all of the dolls and their eight separate fashions.Nolee 's `` Boy Watching '' outfit includes a cream colored mini trimmed with deep red braid , a red and white checked boustier top , a ruffled translucent white overshirt , dark red chunky heels , a red and white tote , adorable dark red lace knee socks , wine transparent sunglasses , and a framed boyfriend picture for the purse . The `` Girl Got Game '' outfit features a tie-dye black and red halter , red velour varsity jacket , denim and velour skirt , denim poorboy cap , a helmet,high-tops with removeable wheels , and a water bottle . These are amazing sporty summer looks !!!!
 I just bought nolee a few weeks ago and i think she is fab ! She has beatiful clothes and looks completley different from the other my scene dolls . She is an oriental teen and is going to be seen a lot moe on shelves in toy stores . She has beatiful hair that is quite hard to tangle and comes with an adorable dog in her hangbag.I would definatley recomend Nolee to any doll lover as she has a lovely curvey shaped body and is one of my favourite my scene dolls so far . Buy the my scene dolls and if you like the bratz , eraze them from your lives , the my scene dolls are much better and have nicer faces.they are elegeny and much much more good looking.BUY NOLEE , NOT THE BRATZ OR YOU WILL FIND OUT YOU HAVE MADE A STUPID MISTAKE !
 ... I think this doll is high quality , very unique , and a lot better than any fashion doll I 've ever seen ...
 This doll is soooooooo cool . I do n't see anything wrong with her . She may be less my style , which would be more like Madison 's , but I still say that she 's great ! Shure , she might be a little showing , but that 's in style , so it 's ok . I would say that I 'm a My Scene Barbie fan ...
 ok , let 's get a few things straight ... there have been ppl saying she is goth while others arguing that she is asian b/c of the dark skin ... first of all , she is not dark-complexioned -LRB- as a few ppl have said -RRB- ... she is most likely Eurasian . . both white and asian ... looking at her , i can see that she has asian in her , but no way is she `` only asian '' . . trust me , there are no `` pure '' asians that look that way -LRB- unless they have some distant EA ancestry -RRB- but anyway . . i as a Eurasian female myself have a way w / bein able to spot another Eurasians . it really perturbs me sometimes that the general population seems to have completely `` forgotten '' that mixed-race ppl exist . . i love that mattel has come up w / a beautiful doll like nolee who seemingly represents the Eurasian girl/woman . . in the past , white girls went w / the caucasian barbie , black girls went w / black , etc. . at last there 's a barbie doll that is representative of me and other Eurasian girls
 My name is Roy . I just ordered this toy to my 5 year old son David . He very like this toy and almost everyday to play with that !
 I REALLY wanted to hate the My Scene dolls , but I could n't do it!I went to the stores looking specifically for Madison on a whim , since it had been about a year since I 'd actually bought a doll -LRB- which is not saying much for Mattel since I 'm a Toy Designer ! -RRB- -LRB- I 'd passed on My Scene when I saw the sneak preview dolls , but then wanted to see what they were like later -RRB- Unfortunately , now I think I need a 12-step program because once I went on their website it was ALL OVER!It is so cool it will make you want to get them all!I have 11 dolls -LRB- a couple are doubles from Spring Break -RRB- and ca n't stop picking them up . Some I keep in the box , and some are standing around my computer!On the website , each doll has her own page and diary , and links to the other character 's pages.Nolee was actually introduced in Madison 's webcam a few months ago , as a rival for a cute shirt . The moment I saw her I said to myself , I wish they would make a doll of her , she 's totally CUTE!How cool was that?Then there 's also another guy Hudson , who was in Bryant 's webcam , and he 's going to be a doll too!The interaction between the characters , and the spot-on styling of the dolls is going to make My Scene the ones to beat for Toy of the Year this year ! -LRB- sorry MGA ! -RRB- I mean look at Justi ... I mean , Bryant 's hair !! As for their educational value ... . that would be a big NOPE ! -LRB- P.S. . This toy might not be the best thing for real young kids or mentally young children because a couple of the accessories are a potential choking hazard ! -RRB- They 're great gifts for older kids who are `` over '' Barbie though !
 Bryant was the first of the My Scene boys that I purchased . I love the whole concept of the My Scene line , and especially the boys in the line . Anyway , Bryant first appealed to me because of his resemblance to a certain American Idol runner-up , Justin Guarini . Got ta love that curly , wild hair!Bryant is also the source of some controversy . Many collectors have complained about the image on his long-sleeve baseball jersey-type shirt . It features a viscious dog with a cat inside his belly . Many animal activists were outraged that Mattel could produce a child 's toy with an image as violent as this one . All the controversy left me scratching my head . I mean , for one thing , it 's a * picture * . Not only that , but the cat seems to be completely unscathed , looking as smug as , well , a cat . Fortunately , Mattel did not cave to the complaints as it has with other products , and the doll was not pulled from the shelves.Anyway , Bryant is way cool , and should certainly be added to any collection that features the My Scene gang . He comes wearing denim shorts , sandals and socks , and his accessories include a pair of Hawaiian print board shorts and a boom box .
 I have a collection of Barbie dolls and when these My Scene dolls came out - I fell in love with them right away . I make sure I purchase every doll for this series that Mattel makes . In my opinion , Bryant looks just like Justin Timberlake . He is a cool dude and a great friend to all the My Scene gals . I have him and he looks so relaxing - he makes you just want to `` chill out '' with him and the gang ! I would recommend this doll to all mothers who have sons . This doll would be a great addition to any family and plus makes a welcome change from the usual action figures .
 This Bryant doll is totally cool ... but could be better.On the good side , he 's very durable ... except for his way curly hair.But more about that in a second.Bryant is wearing a blue jean cut-offs and a shirt with a somewhat contriversial picture on it In my opinion however , it 's no big deal.This doll also comes with
 First of all Bryant was the first guy doll for the MyScenes , and if you have a Nolee doll it would be great -LRB- 'Cause Nolee is crushin ' on him likewise for Bryant , just a suggestion -RRB- . Bryant has a cute solid red plastic visor , cool almost FBI looking glasses , Hawaiian print swim trunks , a like dog collar bracelet , a red plastic watch , his shirt -LRB- Which I LOVE -RRB- has a animated cat in a dog 's stomach on it , he has cargo pants , and sock sandals for his shoes . Well that 's basically it for my review on Bryant . And I 'd like to mention that Bryant was one of my first MyScenes and he 's one of my FAVS !
 I love Bryant no offence but every Bryant doll needs to work on his shoes but over all he his GREAT !!!!
 This doll looks identical to Justin Guarini ! So Cute ! My sister and I had fun playing with him and we 're gon na play some more ! Is n't Bryant the boyfriend of Nolee ? Wahoo . . * !
 I have this doll and it is great but whats with the arms , knees , and waist.You should definetly get this doll but its waist is srange!Anyway Bryant is cute and relly is a good mach for Madison or Chelsea . Get Him .
 Many people think this doll looks like Justin Guarini -LRB- he was on the first season of the show American Idol for those who do n't know who Justin is -RRB- and I totally agree ! I bet the woman who designs the My Scene dolls saw American Idol last year and Justin inspired her to create Bryant . I 'm usually not interested in male dolls but this one is really cute ! Bryant 's box says that he and the Chelsea doll may have experienced love at first sight . Personally , I 'd rather Bryant and Madison be a couple since Madison is my favorite , but hey , use your imagination and pair Bryant up with whoever you want ! I hope the other male dolls in the My Scene line are as cute as Bryant . So far , I love ALL of the My Scene dolls . They 're awesome !
 I got Bryant for Easter.He totaly reminds me of Justin Gurini . It says on his box that he likes Chelsea but now Chelsea is going out with Hudson . So I guess Bryant likes Nolee . Bryant is really cute so you have to buy him . And I think people over 12 will still like my scene dolls I mean who ca n't resit them ?!!
 This is one of the Schleich Saracen Knights . It is wonderful in detail and makes an excellent addition for education about weapons and dress . This is just one of a set of six Saracen Knights . If you have a child who likes to collect or play medieval games this is excellent .
 This is a really nice belt , all leather and the tools are real . You might want to supervice your child closely with that hammer !
 this boat is great ... its almost impossible to break and it is very sturdy . This is a porfessional boat ... u need time and patience to pump this up , but the double pump makes it alot easier ... if you know how to paddle , this boat can go ridiculously fast , and if you know how to paddle , you can control it very easily ... but if you have no experience when you first get this boat -LRB- like i did -RRB- , you will pick it up almost immediatly ... ive owned this for about 3 and a half hours , and i feel like a professional ... i highly reccomend this .
 This is very cute for Strawberry Shortcake fans . Helps young children learn to count and practice . This is a very durable wooden puzzle . Definitely worth the price .
 I bought this operating water tower after carefully comparing the Lionel and MTH versions of this product . My layout has a mix of Lionel and MTH buildings so I was unbiased on brand . I wanted what I felt would look best on my set.In the end I chose the MTH 30-11028 for the following reasons :1 . Highly detailed , including the 8 metal retaining bands that encircle the tower , the weighted chain , and the tower legs/base . I thought the Lionel version was too plain and looked more like a toy than a water tower replica .2
 After looking at many sleep mats we chose this one for our 2 year old to use for daytime naps at childcare . I wanted something nice and thick and this is perfect . It is also easy to clean , has different coloured sides -LRB- so you can tell top from bottom if you wish -RRB- and is the right size for a fitted cot sheet -LRB- very convenient -RRB- . It folds up to take less room but this is also the only downside - there are gaps at the folds . This is true of all folding mats and it is n't too bad , but I only put up with it because I need it to fold . It is big enough that he wo n't need to nap by the time he grows out of it . I highly recommend this mat .
 Awesome mat ! Great quality ! Just as described in advertisement . Nice and cushy!The Daydreamer Mat ; 2 x 24 x 48 ; 9 Mil Vinyl ; Blue ; no . PZ-HSM248
 I bought this for my sons first year of school . the matt was large and very plush and my son loved it the moment he got it . he even slept on it that night instead of his bed ! i could n't be happier with this product and nor could my son . The price for this was excellent considering the prices on other mats at my local store being more expensive and very low quality .
 This is a great pool ! The pool is very sturdy and it works perfect as a ball pit for toddlers and small childeren . I really like the 20 '' pool wall depth because it retains splashing water and pit balls very well !
 Polly Pockets are very cute and fun toys . There rubbery clothes are easy to break but if you be careful they will last a long time . The Ride in Style Polly is so cute with the doll and the horse . I would recomend this toy to any girl from the age of 3 to 11 . The Polly Dolls are fun for all ages !
 Well , it is cute-but the first day she got it , the fence broke and could not be repaired-my daughter did not seem to mind and continues to play with it .
 First of all I LOVE Polly ! This set was one of my favorite sets . I do n't think that the horse needs a haircut , you just learn to work around the hair . Yes , the hat did break once , but that could happen to anyone . In my oppinion , this is a great alternative to Barbie .
 -LRB- ... -RRB- I love playing with Fashion Pollys ! I like how Polly has real hair with bangs . Her outfits are darling , although the elastic string that holds the hat down often comes apart . The barn folds up , fence and all , which is very convinient . Even the doll fits in the barn when it 's folded up but I had to store the horse seperately . The price was fair
 This toy is pretty cool but the horse 's hair is WAY TO LONG !!!! Maybe i am being to picky but the horse is not shaped the way it should be.The picture shows the barn open with the fence attached to the walls you ca n't attach the fence enless the barn is closed!Lots of tiny `` perfume '' bottles and cardboard things.There is a place to hang the Polly 's clothes but the clothes do n't stay on the hangers!There is a haystack that opens to a chair but she ca n't sit in it because her clothes wo n't bend that far !!! BUT over all the bad things it still is good toy for kids !
 I got this for my birthday this year . I love pollys as well as my bff . but me & her dislike the ones that have hair like humans not & not plastic hair like other pollys . I think the horse needs a haircut .
 I 'm a mental health therapist and bought the Polly Pocket dolls to work with my clients who are children.I have found them to be durable and easy to maintain since everything 's plastic and easy to store since they 're so small - a big plus in a small office I also see adults in ! Even better the kids love them ! They know exactly which box I keep all the Polly doll accessories in and make a bee line for them as soon as they walk in the door !
 This plane provides hours of fun for children AND adults . The plane is a glider -- and is more durable than the old balsa wood glider planes we used to fly when we were kids . The plane seems to fly best in a SLIGHT wind , and should be flown in a field that is unobstructed by houses , trees , etc. . I have witnessed many elegant flight paths , including several circular descents that even returned the plane to my feet ! The biggest challenge is learning how to operate the Srato-Launcher 's preset launching angle -- the button will not release unless the handle is kept at a 65 % angle . Once that 's mastered , the rest is pure fun ! Spare parts are available from Uncle Milton 's Toys . The left top tail stabilizer did break off , but it does not affect the plane 's flight ; cellophane tape repaired it . The cockpit cover to the wing assembly did crack twice , but it also was fixed with tape , as per the instructions that came with the plane . Comparing Jet Hawk to Air Hogs is like comparing apples and oranges -- just depends what you want . Excellent plane !
 These things glide forever ! I 've even mounted some engines on one and a radio receiver to fly it as an rc airplane .
 this toy is very fun and has very long flights . It has a few down sides though , when i first got it i flew it a few times and it was very good at the start but then the foam on the end of the wings to make it stay in got compressed and started to slip out of the sockets in the fuselage , so then to fix that i stuffed some paper towels in the sockets to compress the wings in the sockets more but the last time i did this the whole fuselage snapped in half !!! So the i had to glue it back together and then also glued the wings in too so they would n't fall out but you have to wait a day or night for the glue to dry because my brother and i tried flying it after a few hours and it flew perfectly for the first few seconds then it hit a tree and it looked like the whole thing exploded !! So if you are going to by this make sure you are going fly carefully and if you crash make sure if you want to keep take care of it welly . Also do n't use any other glue then Elmer 's glue .
 I purchased these gliders because they reminded me more of the old school gliders you used to could get , that , and another one I bought was n't very good.It 's a huge glider and works really well , you can adjust the tail to do a loop , or just go for a long distance glide . It 's also big enough it 'll probably be a good foundation to a homemade RC plane if you wanted to try it.It would be great to show your kids the concept of aerodynamics , and it 's just fun to play with over all.Only downside to it is , the wing lock mechanism makes the body a bit fragile , it will break pretty quickly if a wing hits something , assuming you get it intact to start with . I ordered two , and one of them was broken in shipping , but hey , after I played with it a while I 'm sure it would have been broken anyways . If you 've ever messed with a glider , you probably know to keep a roll of duct tape handy for repairs , so it 's not to big a deal anyways IMO . : PIt may be a bit pricey for just a piece of foam , but it actually does glide pretty well , and in the end , that 's what I really wanted .
 This is a giant Styrofoam airplane . It flies , it 's unusual due to it 's size , and my 15 year old son found it `` cool . '' You need adequate space to fly it , and I would n't let a dog -LRB- or even a cat that likes to chew -RRB- near it . We received the item in a timely fashion and had no problems with the transaction . I would buy this again as a gift .
 This glider is AMAZING ! it glides well looks cool and is easy to repair -LRB- if needed -RRB- with hot glue . right off the bat I was impressed with the size . It is BIG . my only disappointment so far is that when it came , the main fuselage was cracked , but quickly repaired . It glides great , thinking of putting a motor on it later .
 This toy is cool looking but when I got it I noticed when I took it out of the box that the paint is fragile because when I examined it there was a little bit of paint missing on the legs , behind , arms , and eyeballs . It is not too noticeable though because it is just a little and most of the paint is on there . The detail is amazing it looks like the William G-3 / G-4 in the game ! Just be careful not to scratch it while playing with it because like I said the paint is fragile . The claws are not sharp they are rubbery and bendy so it is safe to play with . You can actually transform G-3 into G-4 with the different set of head and mouth that comes with it and it even has instructions on the box !
 ok hi um . . i liked this a lot it was cool and fun and when it r = fell it did n't brake .
 This titanic model is probably the best thing ive ever seen , its good price , easy to build , just i had a had time looking for the right paint to put on it , especially the funnels i had a hard time for that . i bought this model two times , one of them for iceberg damage and for sinking and playing with , and the other just for show . overall this model is really awesome.pros : good priceeasy to buildlook like the real onegood manualcame neatly packagedcame on timegood model sizecons : nothing bad about this model
 Purchased this for my 8-year old son who is really interested in the story of Titanic . It is designed to display and not really to play with so that 's why I gave it a 3 on durability . When the kit came , I was a little doubtful that he would want to put it together because it was labeled for ages 10 and up . He sat down and put the entire thing together -LRB- mostly -RRB- by himself and did not stop until it was done - which is totally out of character for him . He chose not to paint it , but that was ok -LRB- less mess ! -RRB- He totally loves this thing and plays with it quite often ! I 'm very happy that we purchased this for him .
 I am rather impressed with this model and also unlike the English version this one does come with rigging where as the English version does not come with any at all .
 I bought this for my cousin who is 4 knowing that his Dad would have to help . His father was so excited about this particular manufacturer and ca n't wait to put it together . My only complaint is that the box was a little crushed and I 'm concerned about the stability of the model now : -LRB-
 this model is easy to build . it is pretty detailed . it is recommended for a beginning modeler , it is 2 skill level , very easy for children to build . i would recommend this !
 I purchased this for my son as he loves Titanic . This is his first ever model to be built and so far so good . I like it because it teaches him patience and it does n't look to hard to assemble .
 This model of the Titanic is a great replica . It was great to put together . You need to purchase glue and paint just as advertised so I knew this ahead of time . I am very pleased with this product .
 Its awesome and my mom is painting in my bedroom and making a titanic in my room its so cool !!! : D
 MY grandson is obcessed with the Titanic so he was overjoyed with this gift . It is a great lasting gift .
 the model came the very day before Christmas -- and we left it on the front porch for our son to find on Christmas morning.He was greatly surprised -- wanted to start it right away . Instead , we watched the movie so he could get a sense of what he had in his hands.He loved putting it together -- and it turned out quite well !
 I put it together and wanted to have it fload.in doing sea trails it sank . . just as the ship did . . But it is nice to have on my shelf
 This model is amazing the detail is amazing . I do consider using a knife to cut the pieces out I did n't and the pices were bent but it is a great product
 A typical Revel item -- it is not for te one with no patience as it does require a lot of detail involvement . This needs a lot of involvement and time but I AM SURE with proper care and diligence the end item will be worth it all . GOOD LUCK
 My son really enjoyed putting the model together and painting it . It is a nice size and was easy for an 11 year old to assemble . I had to buy my own glue and paint . It would have been nice if it came with glue at least . But then again I do n't think any models come with the glue needed to assemble them .
 The instructions for this vessel is very poor . There where parts that the instructions did n't mention and where they go and what color they should be . Putting the vessel was kinda fun , I enjoy a challenge and this was fine .
 Maybe because it 's my dog 's favorite ... I bought one at PetsMart and only paid $ 7 ... not paying any more than that for a dog toy , sorry !!
 Our dog has other ty beanie baby toys and he loves them . They hold up well even though the squeaker goes first . Our dog loves the crinkle noise the body makes and runs around squeaking it . He even enjoys them after the squeaker goes . Our local pet store stopped carrying this brand and sells a similar brand under their own label which has not held up as well . If our dog is happy and playful then we are entertained and happy so we will search out this brand on amazon .
 My cairn terrier can tear all the stuffed dog toys we give him except for the bow wow beanies . They can be cleaned easily and they last . The squirrel seems to be his faverite because of the bush tail .
 Wonderful toy for puppies and squirrel chasers . It 's fuzzy , it squeaks , and it crinkles . I had to get two because my rat terrier wanted his own . Lifelike enough that my brother , age 50 , wanted one for target practice before he gave in to reason and decided that this squirrel toy was too cute for play that rough . Bow Wow Beanies come in several animal varieties . Our dogs vote the crinklie mouse as the best of its kind . It 's the noisiest and has the most satisfying crunch .
 this was a really fun play set . i play this with my niece all the time . it took a bit of time to put together tho . everything stays put together , nothing has broke . the stroler is even big enough for the Kelly doll !! really fun , combine it with the nursery set and your all ready for Midge to have her baby ! just be sure to call Dr. Barbie if Midge 's water breaks in the store !
 I love this toy ! I 'm 12 years old and I still love to play Barbie 's ! I would reccomend this toy to any mother who has a little girl or boy that loves to play Barbie 's !
 this was a really fun play set . i play this with my niece all the time . it took a bit of time to put together tho . everything stays put together , nothing has broke . the stroler is even big enough for the Kelly doll !! really fun , combine it with the nursery set and your all ready for Midge to have her baby ! just be sure to call Dr. Barbie if Midge 's water breaks in the store !
 This store was givin to me on my 12th birthday . I play with the stuff more than the store part . The only thing is that the showing stand wont stay together ! Other than that , this toy is amazing !
 I got this for my 12th b-day and I loved it !! I played for hours and hours ! The only flaw is that when you go to put somthing on the shelf it most likly falls off . The shelves could ba a little bit bigger !!
 Barbie is an beautiful girl.she sangs sweetly like an nightingaleand cukoo.she is a very beautiful girl so what only ken is loving her .
 I do understand that this stuff is made for Barbies ... I however do not understand why you can not make some of these items larger only because I have a three and a half year old daughter who would love to have stuff like this ... Seeing as how she has a one and a half year old sister she suffers of not gettting age appropriate toys all the time that she would love to have and be able to play with ... Her younger sister takes about one nap a day and she would constantly take these little pieces that this store comes with and they get lost or she could easily choke on them and I do n't feel it is fair to have to listen to her younger sister throw temper tantrums over a toy that she can not play with and or not be able to go into the bedroom to play because her sister is playing with something with very tiny parts that can hurt her ... I really think they need to take toddlers into consideration as well instead of just school age children who love barbie products as well but are not able to have them due to all the small and easily lost and chokeable items ... very cute and would love to own this toy but just can not due to a younger sister who loves barbie as well ... which is not fair to the younger ones ... Please make some barbie stuff for toddler aged children as well ...
 If you are buying WWE action figures the Deluxe Aggression collection is the only WWE wrestling collection to buy . The Deluxe figures are the only WWE figures that have over 23 points of articulations all over their body . This figures move human like unlike other WWE figures that almost do n't move at all . This figures are also very durable . This fugures get 5 stars from me .
 We gave these to our five flower girls at my daughter 's wedding . They were delighted and have a visual reminder of their day .
 I bought this playset for the two flowergirls in our wedding . They both are 5 years old , and absolutely loved it .
 I got three of the playsets for my flowergirls ... they are adorable and i think they will enjoy them for the next few years !
 very cool and different for a stuffed animal . it was a gift for my neice , we went to the rattlesnake museum in the summmer , and she loves it/them
 My son is a huge non-fiction buff ! After reading a book about a two-headed milk snake he , of course , wanted one ! This was the ONLY two headed snake I could find . It shipped fast and he still plays with it ! Has had it for about 3 years now !
 As everyone knows who Pat the Bunny is , I will simply point out what a fine job the toy company did on this version . The toy 's touchability is off the charts - the material and feel are perfect - you WANT to touch and retouch Pat . This Pat the Bunny is also a sturdy stuffed toy - Pat handles play very well , and has almost a life of his/her own . I never can remember if Pat stands for Patricia or Patrick . Or maybe neither - Pat referring to the verb of patting the bunny 's tummy . In any event our particular Pat favors dancing to the Mambo and has a crush on Greg the Bunny , but I think most Pats will be equally at home in a nursery . The important point is that the manufacturer has captured the essence of ` Pat ' . Children can sometimes be very demanding about such things as exactitude - fortunately the toy Pat seems a dead ringer for the book original.There is also a larger 16 '' version , and a smaller 8.5 '' version . The smaller version is probably best for small children , while the 12 '' version and the large version are possibly better for a little larger child . They all should work just fine for patting , of course.Safety Issues
 I bought Pat the Bunny as a replacement for my daughter 's Eden Toys Pat the Bunny , which she had completely worn out , poor Pat was falling to pieces , he 'd been cuddled so much ! So Pat got stuck on a shelf , but darling daughter missed cuddling with Pat -LRB- he 's a great cuddle , due to his big tummy and small neck , not to forget the softness -RRB- . When I replaced old Pat with new Pat on the shelf , she immediately noticed that there was a different Pat in the house
 I was so impressed to see how soft Pat the Bunny was and my child loves it .
 THE BACK SEAT DOES NOT STAY UP/IF YOU CUT THE RUBBERBAND THAT IT COMES WITH/YOU BACK SEAT WILL NOT STAY UP
 My daughter asked for this for her 4th birthday . Because it promoted safety with the car seat and seat belts , we got it for her . Now she barely uses it . I ca n't even get the adults into the front seat , so it 's almost impossible for her to do it . Plus , it 's hard to get the kids into the seats in the back . The car seat does n't latch well , so we already lost the carrier . I just have n't found this worth the money . My daughter barely uses it . I 'd recommend a bigger or more open car .
 I had just bought the happy family midge and alan and i loved them . The acessories were so cute , ecspecially the little stroller for ryan ! They have a home i made myself with 2 bedrooms a kitchen and living area so i figured ok now they have everything ! But then i got the volvo-i loved it - before i had this car the children were riding around without carseats - that is a good way to teach kids about saftey ! anyway now my home is complete all i need is grandma 's kitchen i 'm just waitng for a review
 It is pretty big and Barbie and Ken fit nicely inside . Has sun-shield , foldable rear view mirrors , and two detachable car seats . And with a brand like Volvo , you know that your favorite Barbie will be safe behind the wheel .
 This Volvo is really cool . The only bad thing about it is that it takes a while to get Ryan and his babysister securely in the carseats with the seat belt . It also takes a while to get Alan and Midge in the car . The acceseries are fun too .
 Years ago Barbie had a Mustang and I had a Mustang . But I was left behind when she got a Ferarri.Now we are back in sinc with a remarkably realistic replica wagon . I think most kids will just love having a Barbie sizedmatch available for their Mom 's car!And as to those who lack the co-ordination to get the dolls into the car . . I did n't have any problem with it at all and I have arthritus and lack the manual dexterity I had as a kid but I had no difficulty with it . Only thing I would change about the car is the color . . My own Volvo is a very attractive and very Barbie lipstick red !
 My daughter loves playing with this playset . She has no problem assembling the pieces . It is sturdy and kelly likes to have Midge and family come to visit.We like the presents , food , and the doggy . We have all the asssesories . Barbie and Ken look so happy and nice . This playset encourages happy -LRB- family -RRB- play . Kelly and I would recommend this for you and your Mom .
 Check out some other persons review on here-it does n't make any scense !!! HIS Barbies !!! OHHHHHHHHHHHH ... K ??????????????? THEN ???????????????
 walmart.com is selling the Happy Family Volvo for $ 9.88 !! Shop around before you make a purchase !
 I just got this car for christmas and one thing is not good about this car is ??????? It 's car doors do not open but the trunk does that 's good for room . I can use this car for my bratz dolls and my myscene dolls.I also like how the car sit makes noise little baby cries and sing songs and others . That 's all bye !!!!!!!!
 i bought this for my 3 year old nephew . granted , he does n't use the child seats or other accesories but loves using it in conjunction with his other big trucks . plays with it all the time .
 We bought this car for my 2 yr . old son cause he pitched a fit for it . He loves any types of cars . He does play with it every day and has a Ken doll to go with it . My son comes to me several times a day wanting me to put Ken in the car . Its so hard to put the doll into the car . I get so frustrated with it . Wish I had read the reviews before I had bought it .
 it is fun to play with and kind of educational because you have to strap the babies in their car seats .
 I got this game for my boys for Christmas -LRB- 4 1/2 and 5 1/2 -RRB- , and they absolutely love it !!! You get 5 cards each , draw a card , and then play your cards based on a few rules . Basically , you have to have a restaurant 1st , then a server -LRB- SpongeBob or Mr. Krabs -RRB- , and then the customers . You must play a `` Krusty Krab '' card 1st . Then , you must play a SpongeBob or Mr. Krabs card . After that , you can play the `` customer '' cards -- Patrick , Gary , etc. -- and keep them together by color . If you do n't have a Krusty Krab , you must wait until you draw one . After you play , on your next turn , you pick up enough cards to make `` 5 '' in your hand again , and keep on playing . There are also 3 `` Planktons , '' and these cards are used to steal other players ' cards . When the game is done , you should have several rows of cards in front of each player . My kids ca n't get enough of this game !!
 i ordered it as a christmas gift for my son . cute little tin with cards . but it does not say on package if it even has instructions or not in the can . i do not want to open it , as its a gift . but the tin can is very conmpact and very cute
 This model is great to build . I have a big interest in Titanic and I loved building every step and watch the great ship come together ! The easy to follow instructions made it all the better and I learned a lot about what the ship looked like ! When its finished it looks great as it magestically sits on my shelf and never fails to impress visitors ! It came in good condition with no faults ! Its a very good size to take in all that Titanic has to offer while not taking up too much space ! -LRB- Just so you know , you have to buy you 're own paints and glue -RRB-
 Togas are very easy to tie . Encourage every one to come in costume.It really enhances the experience . We have done half-a-dozen of these , and this ranks as one of the better ones .
 Purchased for my Father 's train set . He loved it so much he started looking for a place to put it right after he opened it .
 Located outside town environment with police care , police and dog . Guarding highway and prepared for emergencies . Works perfect with train set .
 I used this for my son 's birthday cake , I also purchased other items along with this to set a city street theme with super hero . The cake looked great .
 I got the HO scale Police Station for my dad and he is VERY Pleased.It is everything that he thought it would be.Thank YouMelissa
 We bought the 15 ` X36 '' metal frame pool about a month ago . I was looking for a good price and durability since I have 4 kids swimming in it . This pool is great ! VERY easy to set up . Two of my kids helped put it together . It was that easy . We found a level spot in the yard and placed the tarp down and started putting it together . It took about 45 minutes.The filter works great for the size of the pool . No water leaks out the hoses like some of the other pools . The side tubes are very strong . They have been put to the test with my kids and it is still standing . I would recommend this pool to anyone . The kids love it .
 This is the second year that I have used this pool and it is great . Not sure about the metal frame , the picture shown is not actually the metal model , but is exactly like the one I have . It consists of a strong plastic liner and is supported by PVC type piping . I love this pool , it was easy to set up etc. although the filters are getting hard to find . So if you can buy some in advance I would suggest that . I took it down for the winter , then this year decided to level out the area more before putting back up . When I set it up there were a couple pin holes -LRB- leaking -RRB- that I patched from the inside with a self adhesive bicycle patch kit and it worked . I think it came with a patch kit , but I misplaced it . Anyway I am testimony to multiple season use .
 This is my second season with this pool , sets up quick and easy !! I see alot of people complaining about the filter , I had a crystal clear pool all season last year with proper chemicals and maintance , I leave the pump runnung 24/7 uses very little electricity.The nieces and nephews and all the neighbor kids loved it and it held up great.this year I bought the surface skimmer that hooks to the filter since last years model didnt include it to help even more with maintance -LRB- catches floating leaves , etc -RRB- Easy to take down for winter storage , filter cartridges are available at most discount stores and online.I never used the vacume that came with the pool as I had a nicer one from a previous pool .
 We had great fun with this pool the first month . After a few weeks of swimming , the water got so green we could n't swim in it . I do n't think the pump is large enough for this size pool . This pool was given to me . I would be terribly upset if I had paid alot of money for this pool and got only a months use out of it . If it is not the pump , then it is the type of vacuum they supplied with it .
 i had bought this pool 2years ago and we enjoy it for us and my children but the filter pump does not go with this pool cause the pump is not strong enough for this pool.we use the pool three times the water turned so green no matter how much chemicals i put it never would come clear and i changed the water and i purchased this pool at a pool place.i am looking to buy this pool this year but not with this filter pump i refuse .
 We bought this pool and think it 's great ! I see some people are uneducated in kiddie pool maintenance , so I highly recommend searching online for `` kiddie pool chemistry '' .
 We 've been intex easy set fans for several years . We moved into the metal frame model this summer . -LRB- 04 -RRB- First let me say we LOVE this company , this pool and we expect -LRB- based on previous experience with this type of product from this company -RRB- to get 3-4 years of use from this pool . I recommend it 98 % -LRB- see full review for cavets -RRB- We are average people with an average yard with typical divets and uneven spaces . The easy set pools were a challenge to level . The Metal Frame model was much more forgiving of minor lawn issues . Set up was not a breeze ... it took about 1 hour to define the site , make sure there were no rocks , pecan shells , etc on the site , just in general prepare the area . Once we got the ground cloth down -LRB- highly recommend -RRB- then set up moved more quickly , but -LRB- and perhaps we were being too anal about it -RRB- we were very particular in following the directions and making sure we were on course . SO an hour for actual setup of the pool frame . Filling the pool with the garden hose took about 14 hours ... -LRB- we drained it once this season and we had a friend of ours who is a fireman come by with the fire truck and it was filled in about 8 minutes ! -RRB- . Once filled and properly treated -LRB- PLEASE do the research on keeping the pool sanitary , buy and monitor the chemicals closely , especially if there is heavy bather usage or small children -RRB- we were in and having TONS of fun . We are in this pool EVERY day -LRB- unless it is raining ! -RRB- . At night I take a break from it all and float and watch the stars . Now , about the filter system that comes with the pool . Intex has been disappointing on the filtration on both the easy set and the frame models . Personally I do n't think the 1000 gal/hour filter has the umph to really circulate the water , so one side of the pool always ends up being the yucky side . I can test the water from several places and get different readings . But , if I get in and walk around in a circle a few times the readings are all consistient . We ended up getting the larger 3000 gal/hr filter and that has helped a great deal , but I imagine we will never get the water circulation we desire . The skimmer/filter element works amazingly well , but the benefit of having the surface debris removed has a cost to overall circulation . The `` vaccum '' that comes with the unit ... worthless . Invest in the Waterpik model and you 'll be done in 1/8 the time and with more efficiency . The ladder is rated for above 300lbs and we had a `` large '' friend test that and she felt very confident on the ladder . The cover is a major pain to use , we throw a beach ball in the center to help shed the rain , otherwise the rain just sits on top of the cover and when you remove the cover the rain and the debris all fall into the pool . Having the cover well elevated from the water surface , shedding the rain helps a great deal . If there is a lot of debris on the cover due to wind or rain we can easily hose that off onto the ground rather than it falling into the pool when the cover is removed .
 We just finished our first summer with the 15 x 30 metal frame Intex pool and it paid for itself within the first month . We swam nearly every day of the long , hot summer . The setup was quick and easy , even though the ground was not perfectly level . It only took a day and a half to fill up the pool , using two hoses going at once . It was our first time to ever have any type of pool and we found the chemicals and pump operations very easy to learn . We even put the pump on a timer and it still worked like a charm ! Our kids are ages 6 and 3 and the size and depth of the pool is perfect . The 6 yr old was able to have fun and dive down , yet easily stand with lots of room to spare whenever he got tired . Much better than having a pool that is so deep he 'd have to tread water when he got tired . It was also a great pool for teaching the 3 yr old how to swim . There was plenty of room for our family of 4 to all swim at once and have several floats in with us . It 's great for adults because you can float or sit down on the bottom and completely emerse yourself with the kids play.We have two large dogs and although they never tried to mess with the pool , it would have held up pretty well even if they had . The metal frame is a MUST and is so much better than the soft sided pool when it comes to children playing . We laughed at our neighbors who had a soft sided pool ; many times their 6 yr old nearly went over the side of the pool when rough-housing . We took the pool down for the winter and will easily put it up again next summer . The only minor drawback to the pool is the vacuum . With this type of pump , you can not expect a very good vacuum system . However , we were able to keep the pool very clean . We ended up buying a round vacuum from our local Bonnie & Clyde 's supply store -LRB- the pool comes with a square vacuum -RRB- because of course it fits the round pool better and makes it easier to clean.I recommend this pool to anyone who ca n't afford an inground or true above-ground and who are looking for an inexpensive way to enjoy the summer with their kids .
 I got a little bigger pool , the one that is 15 x 42 and it is awesome ! My 9 year old son and his neighborhood friends play in it everyday . It gets very hot here in Houston , so I was concerned about alge and the comments that I have read about the filter . I run the filter all day while I am at work and the kids swim in the afternoons , and this pool is sparkling clean . With daily maintanence , algicide , and the right amount of chlorene it has been a great asset to our family .
 I am very impressed . We purchased this pool for our kids ages 5 & 2 -LRB- since our dog popped the last one -RRB- and they love it . The pool was much bigger than I expected which is great because I was sceptical about the price and durabilty . We have had the pool up for over a month now and it has survived our large dog -LRB- who ate the blow up kind in 2 days -RRB- it has survived 6 full grown men at a recent birthday party and a lot of horse playing . Very durable ! It took me and my husband 45 min to put it together and it 's been very easy to maintain . I 'm predicting that we will get about 3 good years out of it . Highly recommend !
 I just purchased this pool summer 04 and we love it . It is much bigger than I had estimated so I was pleasantly surprised . The box is very heavy and it took me a while to get everything out of the box . It took me only 45 minutes to put it up . It is really durable and I am hoping to get a couple of years out of it . The best thing is that it is a complete pool set . It has a pool mat -LRB- which I put sand under -RRB- for liner protection , ladder , pump , pool cover and a vacuum with changable strainer head . For the price you just ca n't beat it.Be sure the ground is level . My pool is tilted slightly and it caused the liner to streatch and buldge more on one side . It says it is 36 inches deep so I assumed it would come up to my daughter 's chest but it actually comes up to her chin ! When this one goes I will purchase the 24 ' x 48 '' size .
 After an extensive research I decided this was the best swimming pool to buy for my kids 8 and 13 , the metal frames retain the walls so water do n't fall out , as with the other inflatable pools which is you lay on the side it will give up and the water will get out . Luckily I found it in a local store and I did n't have to pay for shipping charges ! It turned out to be very easy to set up , it took about 8 hours to fill it out , but it was worth it , the only problem I think is the pump which after two weeks stop working , the cover is very hard to install and when you take it off , there is no way to avoid the leaves and stuff to fall into the water , so we do n't use it at all ; the video with instructions had a very low quality , we could barely view it . Also , I wish they had more instructions on what and how much chemicals add to the water to keep it clean ; When we went to the store there were so many things that we got all confused ! We ended up buying some chlorine bags to kill the mold and keep the water clean , but by the third week the water turned green , we had to drain it and it took over 12 hours to do so . Over all , this is a great pool , my kids and us are having a great time , I highly recommend it and suggest you all to find out all about pools before buying to avoid the problems I had .
 We received this pool as a gift last summer -LRB- 2005 -RRB- and it has been the BEST gift we have ever recieved . It is easy to set up -LRB- my Hubby set it up totally by himself with no problem ! -RRB- and it took only about 5 or 6 hours to fill . With regular and consistent maintance -LRB- i.e. checking the water chemical levels , adding chlorine and algecide as needed and regularly , and `` regularly/faithfully '' changing the pool filter ... we changed our 's every 2 weeks -RRB- we did n't experience ANY problem with cloudy or green pool water . One word of advice ... ` DO ' invest in a pool brush to scrub down the sides and bottom of the pool on a regular basis and also `` DO '' invest in a pool vacuum . We bought one that is a small vacuum which operates by attaching to your garden hose -LRB- found it at Walmart ! -RRB- . It was awesome at cleaning the bottom of the pool ! Simply following these basic pool maintance and cleaning steps should promise you clean pool water . Remember ... it DOES take work to keep ANY pool clean !!! Our family -LRB- there are 4 of us ! -RRB- all fit very comfortably in the pool and have room to spare . Our two children learned to swim in this pool and are in it every day -LRB- weather permitting ! -RRB- with ` multiple ' pool toys and paraphanlia . One more word of advice ... the ground you select to set the pool up on should be as level of a spot as possible or the pool will tilt and put pressure on the pool poles/legs and could possibly cause them to bend . It also causes the water in the pool to not be evenly distributed , one side will be deeper than the other . Also , use a ground cover cloth to set the pool on , otherwise the poles/legs WILL sink into the ground . All in all , this is a WONDERFUL pool and will provide many summers of fun !
 We are going into our 3rd season with this pool and we love it ! I have a 5 year old and a 15 year old and they have both enjoyed it with their friends , as well as their parents ! The pump is just fine , you just have to be sure and put the right amount of chemicals in and you 'll have no problem ! Just follow the instructions when putting it together . I highly recommend !!!
 After taking a little less than 2 days to make sure the location for the pool was level -LRB- we used sand -RRB- the pool went up in 45 minutes . I did n't believe the instructions when they said that the pool would go up in 30 minutes , but it really was fast and easy.I rated the durability 4 stars because I 've only had the pool fully operational for 2 days . It seems very stable and durable now , but I really wo n't know until the end of summer . For the price I 'll be happy if we get one good year out of it . Two years and I 'll be ecstatic ! The frame is VERY stable . I 've already seen the kids leaning and pulling on it and it does n't move.The kids are having fun and it is well worth the time to set up and the money .
 We bought the 15 x 42 after reading lots of reviews . It was easy to set up -LRB- even though my husband and I did NOT get it level ! -RRB- Its easy to maintain . -LRB- I am not thrilled with the vacuum , but hey ... -RRB- It has been absolutly perfect for our kids -LRB- ages 7 and 4 -RRB- . I would , and have , been recommending to our friends . SO MUCH BETTER THAN the inflatble ring pools .
 I enjoyed playing the game - It was easy to figure out and I played it quite a bit , however I was very disappointed when it died on me within 24 hours . I tried everything - including brand new batteries , with no change . -LRB- ... -RRB-
 My son started Karate this past year and he is obsessed with moving up to each belt . He loves this kick box combo for practicing by himself and with his dad and me . It is an economical set for younger children . He is 8yrs old and it is perfect size for him . We bought my older son a WaveRunner years ago , and it was expensive . This combo is a great starter kit for younger children .
 Santa brought this set for our six year old daughter , who started karate this summer . It helps her focus her punches & get her kicks up higher . The blocker helps to keep her blocks strong & her guards up ! It works because she just received her green belt !
 Got this for my son for Christmas and he absolutley loves it !!! I would recommend this to any active child .
 The colorful metal side support pillars with good quality hardboard shelves make for a very attractive unit providing space for a pleasing display of children 's toys . My son and his wife wanted another one after using the first shelf which looks and works great in the playroom where its ' sturdy , stable construction is appreciated .
 I love this card game ! I heard it was the newest card game hitting the shelves , and I knew I just wanted one . So I went out and I bought 1 starter set and about 5 packs ! I really love this game , its the best thing since yu-gi-oh ! I just love this game !!!!!
 HELLO . DUEL MASTERS IS A GAME FUSION OF MAGIC AND YUGIOH , I LOVE IT . ITS THE NEXT BIG THING . WHEN I GOT MY STARTER I WAS SO EXITED . IT EVEN COMES WITH A BOOSTER AND A D-MAX OFFER FREE . SEND IT IN AND GET FREE DUELMASTERS LOOT
 Duel Masters is a great game . It combines good elements of all the other card games like Yu-Gi-Oh and Pokemon , but has all sorts of innovative new rules . The shield idea is especially good because you do n't have to keep track of life points . The games are fairly quick , so you can play it when you only have a little bit of time . The best thing about this game , however , it that there are no superpowerful instant-win cards . Any decent deck has a chance of beating any other deck . Buy this if you enjoy TCG games .
 I bought this starter deck and well I just have to say , this is a great stratigical and very promising card game . It gets a good educational value because it it involves stregy and makes you think on you feet . It is rather durable , but if you use a deck box your cards will bouce around inside and will be beaten until their foil stickers . The cards might last you between 3-5 months if you take really good care of them . Card protectors will extend card life , and with card protectors they will last as long as you take good care of them and the rating will go up to 5 stars . The game is rather simple , but it will get very complicatd with overpowered cards when they get deeper into the sets . They 're going to make `` Rainbow '' creatures in two more sets , and they will involve creatures with two civilizations . The holos are n't that important because they might not have good effects or costs , so regular cards are good too . My strongest creature is only 8,000 but it has the potential for 14,000 if I draw the right cards . Well , that 's about it , this is cool , but misunderstood , but I 'm telling you ... THIS IS NOT A CHEAP REMAKE OF ANY OTHER EXISTING CARD GAME , OR BATTLE CARD GAME !!! Thank you for your time and I hope that you 'll consider this wonderful product .
 i just got a booster pack to check it out but this game easily kicks Yugioh 's but . This technical game is the perfect cross between magic and yugioh i must say this is the best card game
 This toy is great . It comes with cards from 3 civilizations -LRB- water and darkness cards are not included in the main deck-booster packs only -RRB- . There will be a movie -LRB- if the US tv companies want to make it -RRB- with Megaman -LRB- during Stream * - the series after Axess -RRB- and Duelmasters fused ! -LRB- Shobu throws burning cards at viruses and Lan/Megaman shoots creatures , etc. -RRB- Watch the trailer at www.rockman-duel.com !!!!! Normally they should give out the dark battlechips and `` rainbow '' -LRB- two civilizations -RRB- duelmasters cards when you buy your ticket when the movie comes out in theatres -LRB- if it ever does in the US -RRB- * Play Megaman Battle Network 5 Team Protoman if you want to know about `` Stream '' . The story should be based on the game .
 hey I am a -LRB- ... -RRB- and I love this stuff I am -LRB- ... -RRB- ?? This is a cool game and I am really into it I need more lol . Well this was excellent it really got me into it and not to mention wizards.com tutorial I was into pokemon but now I start a new this is much cooler so BUY FOR YOUR KID !!! : D
 reason # 3 you get more than if you just go and buy a yugioh starter deck you actually get both sides of the playing field and you get 2 decks that can be combined into 1 deck and you get a bonus booster and two versions of the rule book i do n't know if any of you got the spongebob starter deck but it 's kinda like that . # 2 it does n't need caculators or a sheet of paper you just have 5 cards take those out and hit them one more time thats it eaiser than almost all kinda of these games . # 1 ITS JUST WAY MORE FUN !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! Note
 This game is really cool ! I bought the Starter Set a couple of month 's ago , and now I 'm saving my money to buy some Booster Packs . This game is really fun and addictive , and I ca n't stop playing it ! I log onto their site often , and browse through the cards I 'm looking foward to getting soon . I really recommend this card game , so do n't go out and buy Yu-Gi-Oh or some other dumb TCG , get this one ! You 'll be glad you did !
 THIS GAME ROCKS ! ITS LIKE A COMBONATION OF THE BEST TCGS ! MY BRO AND I PLAY IT ALOT !
 This starter deck helped me out alot . I have bought 1 boster and a starter deck . I pulled Metorsaur Dragon out of one of the booster pack . I run a Fire/Nature/Light deck . Great product should buy it .
 a relly fun toy its not so dureble but its relly fun
 BUY TIHS GAME IT IS AWSOME I LOVE IT !!!!!!!!!!!!!! i got this game last saturday it is so cool i reaaly want more b packs though . it is not a yugioh ripoff its great -LRB- ... -RRB-
 I PLAY YU-GI-OH AND I CA N'T PLAY IT SO . I LOOK AT TOYS R US . COM AND LOOT IN CARDS AND FOUND DUEL MASTERS CARDS . I LOOK AT DUEL MASTERS . COM SO I CAN PLAY A COOL CARD GAME SO DUY IF YOU CAN !!!! LOL LOL
 I do n't have this game , but I 've played it with my best friend at school and it rocks ! I 've never used the shields and I 'll never use the mana 'cause that rule is kinda retarded but otherwise this whole game is so much better than Yu-Gi-Oh ! and I agree with dmMaster the people who think this game is crap do n't even know what da heck it even is ! I 'm so not taking points off of this TCG just cause the mana thingy is stupid but anyway , do n't get Yu-Gi-Oh ! it is total junk and Pokemon stinks and Magic
 DM is awesome it 's a heck of alot better than Yu-Gi-Oh ! , Pokemon , or crappy old magic the gathering -LRB- and if it 's supposed to be capitalized then that 's your problem -RRB- . The reason I gave it 5 stars is because it 's the best freaking game on the whole dang planet . The strong cards are n't hard to get -LRB- I mean , I have 3 very rares & 2 super rares . Oh yeah , and Yu-Gi-Oh ! is n't a rip of . I love this game . There are 3 reasons why you should get into DM .1 -RRB- It 's alot easier to play than Yu-Gi-Oh ! .2 -RRB- The graphics are way better .3 -RRB- Unless if you do n't want to be called retarded by your peers for not knowing how to play simple ol' DM , get itI 'm sorry if I did n't help you , but I ca n't teach ya ' how to play online . BUY IT BUY IT BUY IT !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
 people who think these kind of games suck they dont even know what it is!so if ya havent seen the show stay away ! ... you Creepo!Dumb ! wierdo ! nerds!Other than that i havent even gotten the starter set and i know its good because ive only gotten 4 packs and kokujo 's darkness deck and i know and i mean KNOW ! that it is great !
 After to many abysmal `` tradable card games '' aimed at the crowd that is too young or too busy to play Magic , it is refreshing to have something that at last promises to last more than the year or two it seems to take most people to figure out that a game just does n't work.The designers of Duel Masters seem -LRB- finally -RRB- to have thought hard about what would make a good tradable card game for this audience , and their thinking seems to have proceeded in three steps : -LRB- 1 -RRB- Start with what works.In this case , that means Magic the Gathering . Almost all previous attempts to create a game for this audience have either started from scratch , or from a garbled adaptation of the Magic rules . The result has been either confusion or a broken game . A balanced and smoothly playing tradable card game that is both interesting and fun to play is hard to design . Having achieved that goal with Magic , it 's a risky business to start all over again ; but that is what most other games in this category have done . Duel Masters however is clearly derived from the solid foundation built by Magic , and `` that 's a good thing '' -LRB- to quote our favorite felon -RRB- . -LRB- 2 -RRB- Change things that make Magic too complex and time consuming.Magic is a great staring point , and the quintessential trading card game , but there are many factors that make it too complex for many people . In the context of Magic , these factors form part of the challenge of play and of deck building , but for casual players they can be overwhelming . Lots of things contribute to this complexity , but there a few major culprits . The different colors of Mana , the existence of distinct Mana sources -LRB- Lands -RRB- , and color-specific casting costs make building balanced and effective decks very complex . Duel Masters makes this complexity manageable by giving all cards the potential to produce Mana -LRB- in Magic terms , all cards can be put into play as a Land -RRB- , and making all casting costs require only one Mana that matches the color of the card being cast -LRB- in magic terms , all casting costs are of the form XC where X is some amount of generic Mana and C is one Mana of the color of the card being played -RRB- . Combat is another aspect of Magic that has proved to be confusing for younger players , especially the simultaneous exchange of damage between attackers and blockers and the declaration of blockers or attackers in a single step . Duel Masters eliminates this confusion by handling combat in a simpler way and by making attacks sequential . -LRB- 3 -RRB- Stop
 In many ways Duel Masters is way bette than Yu-Gi-Oh ! -LRB- YGO -RRB- . I 'll start with the big stuff . First , In YGO starter decks you only get a deck , rulebook , and one side of a playfield . But in Duel Masters -LRB- DM -RRB- you get a 2 player starter deck -LRB- can be combined into a tournament deck -RRB- , a booster pack , mini-comic , 2 forms of rulebook , a free Rothus the Traveler premium card , and a DMAX subscription offer which lets you get assorted free stuff after you send it in . Also there is the deck types , YGO has only a handful of Deck Types and stratigies , but DM has way more deck types and strats . And the upcoming DM video game includes 5 tournament-playable cards , beating YGO 's 3 per game . And now a couple small things ... The cards in YGO are n't as nice as DM . DM is the # 1 game in Japan and withint 3 months many people will be playing YGO as a secondary game and DM as the main game . Just like in Japan . And there are a couple things wrong with DM but it 's easy to fix . The rules do n't explain some problems you will run into , but if you E-mail Wizards of the Coast on a weekday they should send the reply to your question the same day . So ... toss you YGO deck into a tin , but it in your closet and save it for someone who cares , start playing Duel Masters today !
 I hope you do n't automatically take this as a Yu-Gi-Oh ! rip-off , because it is much more . The game goes much quicker , and seems overall more enjoyable.Every card can be used as mana -LRB- fuel for creatures/spells -RRB- , so no cards are wasted for that purpose alone . The shield method of play is very fun . When you lose a shield , you get to draw a card to help retaliate . Also , the names of cards are n't so hilariously stupid . I laughed when I got a `` Really Eternal Rest '' card in a pack ofYu-Gi-Oh cards . It 's not just eternal , it 's REALLY eternal.This is a very good value , 2 20 cards beginning decks , 1 booster pack , and the playmat and rulebook fo $ 10 . Not bad . Trust me ... you 'll be hooked if your into CCGs .
 This is a great new toy . My friend and I played with it for two hours . I gave it a five stars for fun because it takes all the best elements from other TCGs like yugioh and pokemon and puts them together . It also adds new and original rules like manna . the product even comes ready to play with another person.I gave it four for durability because after extensive play as with any card game cards get damaged . The game 's educational value is 4 stars for it does n't use much math but forces you to have to think fast to develope a strategy to win . I can not wait for more cards to come out . It is a new game so I am not sure if this is the next yugioh , pokemon , etc but my opinion is to buy it for your self . -LRB- I got my cards at the launch event -RRB- .
 This product is great ! It has everything you need . PLus there is two 20-card decks , and 2 duel mat things . Plus you get Rothus , the Traveler holo card . It is fun because it different and more strategic than Yu-Gi-Oh . The educational part is to use your head in strategic ways . You have to think play-by-play , move-by-move to know what to do . The only reason I gave this 2 stars durability , is well , cards are paper and get bent , scratched , crinkled , etc. . I suggest getting card holders . -LRB- ... -RRB-
 I have to say that Duel Masters is one of the best CCGs ever . Sure , you can assume it 's a Yu-Gi-Oh ! rip-off if you like , but when you look past that you 'll find an amazingly fun game . This is one those games are easy to learn , difficult to master . Oh , and just because your rich does n't mean you 'll win , because packing a deck full of super-strong , expensive cards wo n't work . Unless you have some common cards in your deck to play early in the game , you 'll never survive . Buy a pack every week or so , and you should get enough rare cards to make a strong deck .
 My son was thrilled to receive it . He enjoys it a lot and is very happy with it .
 You have to get this game . It combines some of the best elements of WotC 's other games and puts them into this one . There 's mana from Magic : TG and the shields are sort of like the prizes in Pokemon -LRB- I have n't played in a long time so the rules might have changed -RRB- . A really good thing about it is that you do n't have to waste half your deck with land cards or energy like in WoTC 's other games . Gameplay is fast and exciting , and even watching it will keep you glued to your seat for the relatively short time it takes to play . All in all , this is a fast-paced game that will entertain all for hours .
 This game has alot of hours of fun in it . its a game of strategyand moves .
 I bought this starter deck about three weeks ago and have bought 14 booster packs too . If u want to get into DM u should first buy the starter deck . I run a Fire/Light deck and I pulled Astrocomet Dragon out of the pack in the starter . This is a awesome product u should buy it . The best CCG yet IMO .
 Bought this for a diorama and do not regret it . Took only a little jimmying and filling to get it paintable and presentable . Looks good in the scene . Easy to build . Do n't know how accurate it would appear to Star Trek aficionados , but it was well-made and useful for my purposes .
 It is a great sock monkey ! It makes for a very fun gift for people of all ages ! It is very durable and difficult to deform . A great product !
 It 's used in some complex gaming and is accurate for what we use it for . Still looking for more at a price to make an assault fleet , like pt-boats in WWII .
 An entertaining hand held version of euchre . Considering , the limitations of the processor 's speed and memory that most inexpensive games in this league have , it 's pretty good.A very colurful screen , short speach responses from A.I. players -LRB- `` pass,pick-it-up , I 'll - go-alone , spades , clubs , hearts , diamonds '' -RRB- a little difficult to understand what suite has made bid , though it is however displayed on the screen . Like the reviewer at `` amazon '' wrote it 's controlls will take a couple games of practice to get use to . The only really annoying thing I found is when your A.I. partner being the last to play a card decides to trump you ace and then lead the next round with a low card of another suite . The options on types of games are limited to a 28-card game with no `` screw the dealer '' -LRB- rats ! -RRB- , but you can choose between a 5,7 and 10 point game . There are two levels , easy and expert -LRB- more like easy and intermediate -RRB- . If your new to euchre or just want something to pass the time while your waiting to get a seat in a real game , then I would defenently recomend this . If your looking for something challenging and with more options you might want to look elsewhere -LRB- though from my own searches for a portable game of euchre I have n't found anything else outside of what might be available on a palm p.c -RRB- . As for me I plan to keep this in my locker at work or in the car , and just play on the internet while at home.Marc
 This is fun to play ... and can get addicting . The screen is well planned out -LRB- you can see better if it is a little dark in your surroundings -RRB- . You have to be able to hear the game . Otherwise you do n't know who called trump . So it would be hard to discretely play this game.Some things that I found while playing
 This figure has a neat concept with the trap wall . Kids may need help getting it to work though as the rope 's a bit long . Still , a great gift for a Spider-Man fan .
 works great perfect service , fast shipping , and just the way a was describe highly recommended , works super ,
 This was a birthday gift that arrived very quickly it great packaging . My Daughter enjoyed flying the kite . Thank you so much !
 This product was sent promptly and in great condition . Was a 5 star hit for Christmas . This game can be played with 2 players or played alone . I recomend this as a fun gift that keeps their attention of all ages !
 We bought it for our 10-year-old son , and he plays it alone , but my husband and I enjoy playing it with him , and so does our 2-year-old cousin!It has enough features to be fun , and it 's hard enough to be entertaining and satisfying . It even folds up !
 We first saw this at a birthday party -LRB- 5yr old -RRB- and it was out for kids to play with . So popular , the kids were fighting over it . I found one here on amazon and ordered it that night . Nice job
 Hot Hoops refreshThis game is for all ages , it tests your skill , patience and sportsmanship all rolled into one . If you ever lose a part , such as some of the basketballs , just call Hasbro toys and they will replace them free of charge , the entire set , you pay a small return postage . This game folds up for easy storage . P.S. Keeps grandchildren well entertained !
 This is one of my favorite games . It is fun , takes a little bit of work , so it 's also challenging , and sometimes frustrating . But it is one of the funnest kids games I have played with kids and I am an adult .
 Naturally the toy is only worth anything while you can keep track of the balls . I bought it for a friend who is a big fan of college basketball . His birthday is late February and thought it 'd be a funny gift . It 's easy to sucked in , wanting to make a few more .
 Just a great game which is durable and easy to put away . All ages will enjoy it !!!
 Disclaimer - I 've never played this game sober ... With that said , this has got to be one of the most exciting , nerve racking , heart attack inducing games of all time . Grab a friend and a bottle , and do n't forget to brink your best smak talk to the table . I 've been at many a party with games of X-Box -LRB- Halo -RRB- , a-hole , and Hot Hoops going on simultaneously . Hot Hoops always grabs the most onlookers , as well as the most people wanting to get in on the action.Hot Hoops - a minute to learn , a life-time to master .
 Word on the street is the NBA is trying to ban Hot Hoops , fearing the competition it 's bringing . The excitement . The pulse-pounding action . It 's more than the NBA can take . ...
 This game is a spin off of the now out of production Milton Bradley Hot shot basketball . Unlike Hot shot basketball this game is n't electronic . The upside is that it dosent need batterys and it dosent really need to be electronic especially if you have two players . For under 10 bucks this is the coolest game and it folds right up so you can carry it around . I would recommend anyone to buy this game . But if you have a -LSB- local store -RSB- in your area I would go there first because they carry the same brand for 10 bucks and you wont have to pay shipping . Otherwise buy this baby right now !
 This game has been very entertaining for my grandson , however , I need to know how to purchase additional basketball balls for the game .
 My boys love this game and take it everywhere . As long as you can keep track of the balls your are fine . Simple and Fun !
 This game is a spin off of the now out of production Milton Bradley Hot shot basketball . Unlike Hot shot basketball this game is n't electronic . The upside is that it dosent need batterys and it dosent really need to be electronic especially if you have two players . For under 10 bucks this is the coolest game and it folds right up so you can carry it around . I would recommend anyone to buy this game . But if you have a Wal-Mart in your area I would go there first because they carry the same brand for 10 bucks and you wont have to pay shipping . Otherwise buy this baby right now !
 This is a fabulous game ! So much fun and well made , and you are able to get replacement balls through MGA free of charge , with a $ 5 handling fee . Being environmentalists , we only buy games now where we are sure to be able to get replacement balls , we would hate to throw away and huge piece of plastic because we ca n't get balls that fit ! This is a great game !
 For so little money you can have a lot of fun with this game . Though the recommended age is 4 + my two year-old loves to play it and does rather well . Sure the idea is simple
 I bought this toy on the strength of prior Amazon reviewers . Last night , we brought the game out of the box and began playing . It was fun ! Three of my elementary-aged kids -LRB- and me too ! -RRB- all enjoyed playing it , and it made for a lot of laughs . The game seems well-constructed for a $ 10 toy , it 's nice that the game play is simple and straightforward , unpredictable , and it seems to be just difficult enough to make the game interesting and unpredictable , but not so difficult it 's frustrating to the younger kids . It 's especially nice that the game folds up for easy storage and so the four basketballs wo n't get misplaced from the game . My only suggestion would be that it 'd be nice to have a couple of extra basketballs -- the extra cost would be nominal , and it 's almost inevitable that a ball will get lost or stepped on , and then it 'd be hard to play without all four balls . In short , this is a fun , no-batteries-required game and is a great value .
 This is Tyus Rafael rating hot hoops basket ball game . First my friend had one so we played we thought it was fun . Then one of my other friends got it for his birthday . At his party there was even a line to start playing.The winner would stay at the sie he sittig in and the loser woul go to the end of the line . I only lost once but the line was really long . Once I got to the front the party was over .
 I gave this hard to find game as a gift and was a hit . Great product . No problems with transaction or shipping & a plus that No Batteries required !!!
 It came in time and was bigger and more substantial than I expected . It was a lot of fun to play and even the grownups enjoyed a shot at it .
 i ordered both of these for my 14 year old grandson . He worked and almost completed the Tirpitz , but has n't begun work on the Bismarck yet . I may save that for a Christmas 2008 gift . He is very happy with his models and knows that it takes patience and lots of time to complete a model to satisfaction . Some of the parts are so tiny , and he takes the time to trim anything that needs it , and to make sure all moving parts are moveable . I intend to order other models until my grandson tells me he does n't want any more . Thanks also for your promptness in sending my orders . I feel I can count on you .
 My dog is a tiny tot . I first started buying the Bow Wow Beanies when I saw them at Petsmart . My dog really loves them . They 're durable . Some of the ones my dog has have lasted for nearly 5 years now . And they are the perfect size for my dog to put in his little mouth . Thank you Ty company for creating something that my dog truly enjoys . He has about 4 different versions and loves them all .
 my 4 yr old loves to have Spider-man climb , walk threw and jumb from this wall , very entertaining for him .
 I only got this set because of the figure and he 's pretty neat . I wanted him because I felt wrong not having a Spidey figure to go with my other Marvel ones . He 's pretty damn poseable and he can execute a variety of positions . I 've never been too much of a fan of overly - obvious ball joints but they get the job done . His paint job looked slightly uneven in some parts but it 's not too noticeable unless your just staring at him for a minute or somethin' . Overall , fun to play with . Worth the 10 bucks I paid for him .
 My son adores spiderman . I got this for him for Xmas , oh the look on his face ! The action figure is very durable . Poor thing has been thrown all over our house and has managed to stay in perfect shape . The wall/door assembly is hard to assemble and stay together . Granted , it is meant to be `` demolished '' by spiderman , but it should n't fall apart before he gets there . A younger child may become very frustrated with this . It would be great if you were getting this for display only purposes . My son gave up after a day or so with this background piece ; he does n't even touch it anymore .
 I got this for the figure and I was n't disappointed . It is very well articulated and it is a re-issue of the `` Parachute Spidey '' that everyone liked . If you 're looking for a nice set , pick a different toy . The background was hard to assemble , and it 's hard to imagine a kid easily putting it together . But Spidey is the best feature of the package . He crouches , looks all around , does articulate kicks and poses , and is all around a good figure to have .
 We bought this for our grandson at his request . He only wanted the John Deere wheelbarrow . He uses it all the time and loves to work in the garden with his parents and grandparents . The wheelbarrow is well made and easy for him to maneuver . He helped me plant some shrubs and also found it was a great place to place his `` worms '' which we found in the soil . Would recommend this toy for young children to give them an experience to understand how things grow and get them away from hand held games.b
 It surprised me that this is actually mado of steel . I bought this for my grandson for his birthday along with the hand held garden tools . He really enjoys both items .
 Over all this toy is very sturdy , easily assembled . I think it would be nice if the handles had rubber tips on the ends as these did poke my young grandaughter in the chest .
 I found this product to be in good condition and was easy to put together . It is loved & well used by the 3 y.o. recipient .
 I bought this for my 3-year old grandson and he absolutely loves it . It 's just the right size for him .
 The wheelbarrow was hard to put together but now that , this chore is done it is a strong and cute toy for our 3-year old granddaughter who loves to `` help '' in the garden .
 When I 'm drinking beers in the yard there is nothing like watching my son haul stuff with his John Deere wheelbarrow . And best of all , it 's John Deere so you know it screams red neck !
 bought this item for 5 yr old grandson for Christmas-it was a little smaller than thought but seemed to be sturdy and strong of course it has not been used yet so it is a hard to know how it it going to stand up to a kids abuse and to actually rate this item in Jan without being used is impossible but all in all it seemed to be a good wheelbarrow
 Bought this for our 21 month old because we are building a house and he loves to help papa stack wood in the wheelbarrow . But the grown up wheel barrow is too hard for him to push , yet he tries so hard . I bought this so he could help papa with the wood and clean up around the construction site . We started him off by practicing in the house . It only took a couple days for him to get the hang of it . A couple weeks later he has mastered the art of filling it , pushing it without it tipping over . He bangs on it with his toy hammers yet it does n't dent ! It 's great quality , very sturdy . Heavy duty tire . we have yet to practice it outside filled with wood like planned , but he 's having so much fun with it in the house ... . Not at all a cheaply made wheelbarrow .
 I was n't sure about the sturdiness of the tire and its mounting point but the tire is mounted well and the tire is solid rubber which provides additional stability . My son is 39 inches tall and it seems to be a good height for him . He loves it !
 Very well built , solid and realistic looking . It looks more like a very real tool than a toy - I would not recommend this as an indoor toy . Our 4 year old loves to use it to help mom and dad with the yard work .
 Very quick shipping . Relatively easy to assemble . Durable , sturdy and well made . Perfect scaled down version of Granddads full size . Very happy .
 Nice product ... my 1 year old grandson loves it . He sits in it now ; but will have years of use to come .
 This was purchased for our 3-year old grandson 's birthday . He received it today and was absolutely delighted . It is durable , nice looking and easy to assemble . Overall a great product
 We got this for my son for his 4th birthday . It is a bit small for him I guess , but he still enjoys it . If I could change one thing about it , I would have the bucket deeper . It seems a bit shallow . But it is a sturdy toy . He will get plenty of enjoyment from it .
 Purchased this for my grandson sometime ago and it is still in tip top condition and he plays with it quite often . Excellent construction , heavy gage metal , great purchase thank you
 My son who just turned 4 , loves this wheelbarrow . He likes being able to help out in the yard and this wheelbarrow is perfect for him .
 Bought this for my 18 month old grandson who is always following his dad in the yard . He loves his wheelbarrow and actually puts his toy rake and shovel in it and wheels it around the yard . This was an excellent buy and my grandson loves that he has his own lawn tools to help daddy .
 This wheelbarrow is so much fun for my 2-year-old . Now he can help Dad in the yard . The quality is pretty good for a child 's toy . It is rather heavy-duty , and seems like it will last through my son and his baby brother when it 's his turn for it . It 's WAY better that any plastic crap from WM or the like . It 's a pretty small wheelbarrow , which is nice because the smallest of kids can figure out how to maneuver it .
 Got this for my grandson and he has had a lot of fun with it . He has had it 2 years now and it is still in good shape for being outside all the time . It was a bit pricey but it seems to be a good product .
 Santa brought this last year for my three year old son , who loves all things truck and building . It has real rubber wheels and is made for real work outside . It 's durable and well worth the money . I highly recommend it , and so does my son !
 my three year old loves to garden with his gam , and this was the perfect birthday gift , just his size , he can handle it perfectly , and it is super sturdy !
 Extremely tough , durable item , My Grandson loves it and uses it in the garden helping his Dad.When not in the garden , he uses it for moving his toys from place to place in the house .
 Santa brought this fun wheelbarrow to my four year old son . He loves it . It is fun for him to have a `` real '' wheelbarrow just like his dad 's . My husband put it together in about 20 minutes . So , I would rate it fairly easy to assemble .
 Our grandson is 3 yrs . old and helped his grandfather put the wheelbarrow together and then they loaded it with sand so that they could repair the patio blocks where the sand had washed away . He handled it without any problems and loves his new wheelbarrow .
 this is a great learning tool for small children . I bought this for my grandson who is now 3 . He loves to work in the yard with his dad and constantly uses this wheelbarrow . He has learned how to balance and manover it like a pro .
 My 4 year old grandson loves to dig and fill up anything that can be filled up !!! He loved this wheelbarrow !!
 Every little boy loves a wheelbarrow . This is very good quality . Something he can pass on . Only wish it was a little taller . He may outgrow it too soon .
 This was for my 2 1/2 year old grandson . He loves to help in his parent 's garden so this was the ideal item for him to put his harvest of veggies in and take to the house . He loves it .
 I bought this wheelbarrow for my three year old grandson for christmas along with garden tools . As soon as the wheelbarrow was assabled , he went into the yard to rake up leaves under the Florida oak trees . Wonderful item , thank you !
 I bought this for my 2 yr . old brother for Christmas . He loves to help in the yard , cleaning up horse manure , and feeding the animals . He always tried to use the full-size adult wheel barrow which is pretty much impossible for a 2 yr . old . This wheel barrow is the perfect size for him . I wish it was n't so shallow , but it works good . He loves being able to help and feel like a `` big boy '' . Overall , a great product .
 This product is of excellent quality . It is a good weight for a young child and has a high quality front wheel which was lacking in other brands that we looked at .
 Nice and sturdy metal wheel barrow . My son , who is 5 , throws rocks etc. into it . He loves it.It is smaller -LRB- in height -RRB- than I thought it would be . If the tub itself was deeper , it would hold more . When you pick it up the tub tends to be up too high and things dump out .
 I had one of the greatest days with my 3 year old . I had 4 tons of rock delivered to my house and I was moving the with my wheel barrow and my son loaded up his John Deere . It was great
 I sent this along with ship history book info off the net to nephew and father who had great time putting the model together . Actually spending time working on a project together !
 I bought this gamr for myself . . I wanted something I could play on the comute to work . . I loved it in the arcade and even have the playstation version ... The buttons help u to mineuver easily and it has good graphics and many levels of play ... It 's just like a mini arcade in my pocket
 Simply fun . It does not have snazzy special effects or wild story-lines . What it does have is a goal -- kill the centipede before it kills you . Just like the arcade classic , it has mushrooms -LRB- -RRB- and spiders -LRB- * and fleas -LRB- . The creatures do n't look quite like they did on my old Atari 2600 , they look like the punctuation marks above . But for this price , I was n't expecting great graphics . If you want great graphics , buy a Game Boy Advance or similar handheld device . If you want simple , point-and-shoot fun , buy this . The controls are easy . There is a cursor pad similar to many video game controls instead of a track ball . There is a fire button , an on button , an off button , and a sound button . The fire button is also the start button , so you can begin a round . The on button is also a level selector . The screen is a back-lit LCD display , so you 'll want to keep it out of extreme temperatures . I 've found I can carry it in my purse and play during breaks , at lunch , or in waiting rooms .
 We got this toy to bring with us on a long plane ride for our 12 month old daughter . It was great entertainment during the entire trip . Wonderful toy , especially for the price !
 I needed this for teaching in the Kindergarten at our school . It is perfect for this . Thanks
 I love this puppet , it is very soft and great for me to entertain my baby with . It fits average sized hands and is made with quality .
 Do n't know what it is about this old standard style hand puppet but the grandkids enjoy it . Perhaps it 's really about the playful interaction with a parent and not the puppet at all . either way a winning combination . Puppet is make well and looks like it will last a long time .
 I have little grandchildren and I have always loved playing ` imagination ' with them and a puppet . Alas , somehow my puppet disappeared . I have rather large hands and finding a replacement was a pain . This cute little guy is sized to fit almost any hand . I have used it for six months and it seems to be solid and sturdy .
 Very cute and the kids loved it Easily fits in their hands and they are having fun with it still
 This is sooo soft and adorable . My granddaughter loves it as she has a new dog and loves puppets . It 's much cuter and more plush than pictured .
 Order this puppet for the grandson . This puppet provides valuable time together and encourages creativity . He just love this puppet .
 We have purchased sub-standard puppets before and were not happy . However , this puppet is well made , anyone 's hand fits well inside , and we are very happy with this one .
 Great tool for working with kids . Super soft and plush . Can help kids to open up and talk more . Will use in my practice .
 first of all , it 's not a toy , it 's a hobby plane and i agree with the people who say it 's not for 10 year olds . every one who wrote a bad review was either too impatient to fly it and did n't read the instructions which say it is a pro level plane and to fly it , you need to read the instructions or you ' l regret it or they 're just not good pilots . my experience with the storm launcher was excelent . you need to drive it on the ground the first 8 - 10 times so the motors can get used to it . then , before flying , you need to do some small jumps for practice . before you know it , you can fly it for almost 6 minutes and do loops .
 Geeze what do you expect ? Yes it 's a $ 100 toy and being capable of flight means it 's going to be light and delicate.But make no mistake
 This is the best `` RC plane '' if you can call it that , I 've ever seen!It `` drives '' , swims and even flies !! The controls are fairly easy if you stay on NOVICE . Theres a button that starts the engines , so do n't worry about accidentally removing a finger.PRO + Flying , driving , swimming + Control + Charging time -LRB- not extremely short but its good -RRB- CON+D urability -LRB- especially the propellers -RRB- + Playing time -LRB- With full power about 15 mins -RRB- + PriceThat 's about all . I reccomend ages 13 and up for this `` toy '' .
 I purchased 2 storm launchers which included the battery and charger . Great ; I could start flying . There were pre-flight preparations and upgrades to do and breaking in the motors . The first one flew well till the left motor failed . The second one worked but had to fix the rudder which was ajar when I received it.I have never flown something this big as the original storm launcher . My plan was to fly at lower heights turning and landing . Apply a little throttle and elevator and the storm launcher ascends very high and fast . I panicked because I did n't know how to land it . Easing off the throttle and let it descend was one option or use the rudder to land . The storm launcher did a nose dive because I used too much rudder down from about 30 feet high . Part of the foam cracked and the rudder detached as a result . No real damage . I was lucky this time.I am fascinated with devices such as the storm launcher 's ability to move on land , sea and air . I will upgrade one storm launcher with the defective motor to brush less . It will be costly since there are no parts available . But better then having this unit sitting . Guess I could use it for parts . I 'll call Spin master to check . I prefer flying the storm launcher right out of the box . It 's less expensive then upgrading . I did n't put enough hours to do an upgrade . I 'll have to purchase another storm launcher . Even though both my storm launchers had defects you ca n't ignore how well it flies - smooth and manageable . With practice , I hope to fly better .
 this is an amazeing plane if you jsut take off the back stabalizer it wil fly so well !! -LRB--_--RRB- just go on youtube and trpe in storm launcher . it flys better that any video shows it . i fly it over my lake , and in my back yard . sometimes i am evean able to land it in my pool !!! this thing is not a toy and is for more like 13-70 years old . when you get it it will not fly . run it into the wall for first 10-11 times to wear in moters , then after that watch youre bird do backflips , and i can get mine to fly up-side-down !!! dheck out -LSB- ... -RSB- `` and search for storm launcher ''
 I got this item one day after my birthday but I got this at Target . I t does make a lot of noise , but that 's OK . Your parents might buy this for you but , they will ask you to turn off the sound by pressing the sound button on the bottom of this item . If you do n't press anything in 4 minutes , it will turn off automaticly but your game is saved . This thing is very cool . Requires 4 AA batteries which are not included . - Cristian Mojica
 I got this item one day after my birthday but I got this at Target . I t does make a lot of noise , but that 's OK . Your parents might buy this for you but , they will ask you to turn off the sound by pressing the sound button on the bottom of this item . If you do n't press anything in 4 minutes , it will turn off automaticly but your game is saved . This thing is very cool . Requires 4 AA batteries which are not included . - Cristian Mojica
 This pacman is different from the arcade version . The different things are
 Tifa is sooooo pretty ... pretty , pretty , pretty ...
 This was a Christmas present for my 23 month old , and she LOVES it . My 4.5 year old son likes it a lot too , and they both play with it frequently . There is a lot to do , like get your car fixed , fill up with gas , grab a snack and make a phone call , get the car washed , ride down either of the ramps , go up and down the elevator , etc. . Very cute sounds , and does n't take up too much room . If your little one likes Little People , this is a `` must have '' .
 I bought this garage for a two year old . He has really enjoyed this toy . It is extremely sturdy . We have had it for a year and it still looks like new . He still really enjoys playing with it.At Christmas -LRB- a year later -RRB- it was the first toy to be dragged through the house . All the children played with it for over an hour . That is really saying something . They loved it . Even the little girls .
 We purchased this toy for my 2-1/2 year old . He loves it . He does not use the cars that come with it as much as he uses his Matchbox cars with it . The Matchbox cars fit perfectly into the 2 slots on the ramp and he races them both down and loves as they crash . He enjoys playing with the sounds on the pumps and phone . This is a hit in my house !
 My son received this for his 1st birthday , he loves the ramps . He now uses matchbox cars with it . It is much more durable than the Hot Wheels and Matchbox car playsets . He tries to slide down the ramps and they have yet to come off or break ! This has been his favorite toy for the past year . Well worth the money for any car lover .
 I bought this for my little girl because she loves to play with cars , she loves this toy ... the sounds add the perfect touch for hours of fun ! Getting her to play with something for 2 min . is great this lasted for almost 1 and a half hours ! I would highly recommend . This was also very easy to put together and on Christmas that is important to me ! I am sure that it would be love by all ... boy or girl . She uses this as a doll house more than the actual one so she can take her dolls to the store !
 My son just got this for Christmas and it 's 1 of 3 toys he ca n't stop playing with ! Now he 's trying all of his other cars , trucks and trains on the ramps ! It 's great toy for an active boy .
 My son just received this for Christmas ; he is 19 months old and he loves it ! It 's the first thing he wants to play with in the morning and the last thing he wants to play with at night before bed . He received many toys for Christmas but this garage and the Little People Animal Sounds Stable are his two favorites . I was n't sure that he would like them since he does n't really know how to pretend yet , but he 's catching on quickly . His favorite thing to do is fill the cars up with gas . I would definitely recommend this toy ... it 's great for boys !
 We purchased this for our little boy when he was 1 , he is about to turn 2 and still enjoys it . It has withstood him standing on it and jumping off of it and still works perfectly . Great for any boy who is truly all boy !
 This garage is so cute ! My son has had so much fun driving the cars up and down the ramps . Then taking them for a ride on the elevator . It only takes a small amount of batteries and so far we have not had to change them -LRB- we 've had it for 10 months -RRB- The imagination on this is endless , I would definatley recommend this garage .
 My son recieved this garage for his 3rd birthday -LRB- about a year ago -RRB- . He plays with it constantly . He has a lot of cars and he lines them all up on the garage and pretends to wash the cars or fill them with gas . There are lots of other fun features of this garage . There 's a ramp that takes the car up/down and there are two slides for the cars to come down . The garage is also very durable . My son loves to drag it through the house whenever he wants to play with it . It has stood up to being banged on walls and dropped on the floor . There is not one scratch on it . I would recommend this toy to other parents .
 My 19 month old son loves all thing Little People . This is one of the trickier Little People sets I 've had to put together , but the instructions are clear and easy to follow . As with all of their products , this one takes a beating and keeps on going . There have been many nights I 've gone downstairs in the dark and accidently stepped on this toy , without so much as it bending even a bit!Well worth the money for durability and play time spent with it .
 My 2-yr old son loves this one . I almost did n't recognize it from the photo online because they show it folded up , and ours never is!He plays with the cars and the people on the garage set , but he also has tons of fun with them other places , too -LRB- on the floor , in his room , on the deck , in the car , etc. -RRB- . He takes the little people to his table to have them involved in conversations , or to have them play hockey . It comes with many accessories that can be played with separately -LRB- 4 little people and 4 cars/trucks -RRB- .
 My 2-year old son received this six months ago and he still plays with it just about every day ! He loves it ! He is beginning to pretend play with it which is so much fun to watch .
 I bought this for my 20 month old and he loves it . He plays with it for hours . Its durable and stands up to him standing on it and throwing it over . It has great sounds and is over all a fun toy . Highly recommended . PS easy to assemble
 The Little People Ramps Around Garage is a gem . Remembering how I personally loved my garage when I was little -LRB- must have been at least 58 yrs ago , it was METAL ! -RRB- and how my kids loved theirs -LRB- 36-7 Yrs ago -RRB- , I knew this was a must ... and it 's much safer now being plastic . Both of my grandsons have played with this toy constantly . They can even sit/stand on it , very sturdy . The 4 1/2 yr . old has had it for 3 years and I just gave it to my 18 mo. old this year . A big hit , you ca n't go wrong ... and it 's good for both girls and boys . I find that `` Little People '' toys are excellent choices . They also have the Airport , Farm and a few others , my brain ca n't remember all the fun stuff . Recommend highly , it 's hard to make a wrong choice with this brand .
 We bought this garage for my son for his 1st birthday . This garage is a very durable toy . My son use to stand on this garage when he was a baby . The lift has been jammed with cars and has been treated very rough and still works perfectly . He is now 3 and still loves this garage . It still makes all makes the noises , which can be switched off with a discreet button !! I would recommend this toy .
 I bought this for my son who just turned two the other day and he absolutely loves this toy . He is so active and usually ca n't spend too much time on one thing , but this toy keeps him interested for a long time . He loves driving the cars down the ramps , and down the elevator and loves all the little noises . He 's had it for about 3 weeks now -LRB- I gave it to him before his B-day because I could n't wait to see him play with it ! -RRB- and so far it still keeps his interest .
 We 've owned a few Little People toys and this is one of the best . What a cute idea . My son has learned that it can be a step stool and it has held up to the test . His favorite part is the ramps . The sounds are cute and not loud at all . I would definatley recommend this for any Little People fan !
 This toy is a winner ! Our 15 month old LOVES his garage . He squeels in delight when the cars goes down the ramp ! Anything thats small enough to go down the ramp he makes go down the ramp ! The sounds are realistic , he loves the sounds made by the workshop area . We prefer non electronic toys , which makes our son use his imagination , but the sounds on this is appropriate and not overwhelming . Definately recommended . My only complaint - we can not find any sets with additional vehicles/ppl .
 I have 3 children ages 1 , 3 , and 5 who love this toy . Not only does it get used with the Little People but it also is used with other toys . My 1 year old loves the sounds and is able to put the people into the cars . It is so sturdy that it withstands his climbing all over it and it does not tip over on those occasions when he decides to stand up and hold onto it . My 3 year old daughter loves to play with the Little People that came with it and she loves the video that came with ours . My 5 year old likes to use it for staging battles with his green Army men and their planes and it occasionally becomes a hideout for the Superfriends action figures or Matchbox cars.It has just enough electronic sounds to be fun but not to take away from the kids ' imaginations . With such a wide appeal and so many ways to use it , this toy is a great value ! Way to go Fisher-Price .
 I bought this toy for my son 's 2nd birthday since he loves his Little People toys so much - the farm , zoo , bus , and other Little People play sets just to name a few . Little People play sets seem to be some of his favorite toys and keep him happily engaged and focused for such an extensive period of time . This toy is no exception ! This is a crawl-around-on-your-knees , keep-those-toddler-hands-moving , sound-making , smile-producing wonder of a toy !
 I have owned three Little People garages over the years , and this is by far the best ! This set has so much more to do and think about when driving and repairing a car . It even has a vacuum station , a diagnosic center -LRB- similar to the really old style - only much sturdier -RRB- , and a cute news stand . The base has several places for sounds to come out - even more than the previous garage model.The only drawback is the `` snapping '' of the pieces together before you can give it to the child to play with . I had a difficult time getting the two ramps to snap in place . But the nice part , when it is all put together , it is VERY sturdy . FP thought ahead this time and put in a track support along with a post that reinforces the whole toy much better . My two year old even fell on it once -LRB- accident -RRB- and it did n't hurt the toy at all.Overall I give it 5 stars - a perfect Christmas present for your toddler/preschooler !
 Our son has loved the Little People line of playsets since he was two and the Ramps Around Garage has long been at the top as his favorite.Its obvious upside is the number of activities that it contains
 My 2 1/2 year old daughter loves playing with this garage . She especially likes how fast the cars can go down either the spiral ramp . The sounds effects are great ! It comes with two cute characters and two cars , and it works great with cars from other sets . Most of the vehicles from other sets work on these ramps as well . I would definitly recommend buying this to add to your LP collection !!
 As with all the Little People toys , this toy is great . It has the potential to keep toddlers and preschoolers occupied for hours -LRB- depending on the child -RRB- . All my kids have liked EVERY Little People toy we have -LRB- house , zoo , farm , etc. . . -RRB- So , by all means , get this toy . The purpose of my review is to let you know that it should not be listed at this price ! When I saw it , it seemed like a high price , so I looked it up on the Fisher Price site , and the retail price is $ 30 . If you do a search on Amazon , you will see two . The other one is 29.99 . The picture is slightly different , so I do n't know how different it is . I think it just may come with different charaters -LRB- a dog vs. people -RRB- or something . If anyone knows the difference , please post . The photo on the Fisher Price site is the same as this one , though -LRB- there are two on there as well , but the other one is $ 33 -RRB- . Walmart , KBToys , and etoys all carry this on their sites for 29.99 as well . So , do n't pay 59.99 . I already sent an e-mail to Amazon to let them know that this must be a mistake .
 I got this toy for my daughter for her second birthday . She had played with an older version at a relative 's house non-stop for a week so we decided to try one at home hoping the novelty had n't worn off . Well it has n't . It has been six weeks since her birthday and she plays with this toy everyday . Sometimes she used the small car collection we have and sometime she makes various figurines -LRB- like The Wiggles or Koala Brothers -RRB- dance and interact with each other in the garage . She really uses her immagination which is why I rated educational value so high . Even my six year old daughter plays with her princesses on it . BUY IT ! You wo n't be sorry .
 My 2 year old son has had this toy for a few months now and he absolutely loves it ! He has other Little People playsets but does n't seem to enjoy them as much as this one . He especially loves to roll the cars down the ramp . In fact , when we first got it , he tried numerous times to slide himself down the ramp , not understanding that he 's too big for it ! I was sure by him sitting on it , that it would break , but Fisher Price really impressed me by how sturdy this toy actually is .
 My son got this for his 2nd birthday and it was an absolute HIT !! very durable and pretty easy to assemble - he did n't quite know what to make of some of some of the gadgets - ie
 My 2 year old recieved this for his 1st birthday and has played with it every day since ! It is the best toy he has ever had . He loves to make the cars line up then sends them flying down the ramps , even all the little people animals get the same treatment ! Most kids who come over seem to like it a lot too !
 My son is 1-1/2 years old and he just loves it . It is one of the few toys that will occupy him for more than 10 minutes.It comes with a few cars and people but works just as well with matchbox cars.It is pretty sturdy also as he was standing on it a few days ago. ,
 My husband and I purchased this for my 3 year old nephew last Christmas , and he can not play with this enough ! It 's just big enough for him to have hours of playtime , but small enough for his little hands to hold and move around ! A must have for any boy around this age !
 I 've got to admit , this is the first toy of this type that he actually plays with , but he seems more interested in using it as a stepstool . Since the parts snap together , this is n't a very safe application and I 'm constantly having to reassemble it.Overall , I would n't consider this a Top Ten candidate , but it did manage to keep my sons interest for a few minutes before he found his alternate use for it ...
 This is an awesome toy ... My 2 year old loves it . It ` s one of the first things he plays with when he gets upand the last thing he is playing with at bedtime . It ` s definatly one of his favorites . . He likes to get all of his cars and little people to use with it . If your toddler likes cars this is definatly worth the money . A + + + + + + + + FisherPrice .
 My daughters loved this garage 30 years ago . I was happy to find it for my 2 year old Grandson who loves cars and fun things to do with them .
 Great toy . Lots of activity ! Not a lot of small parts . It is perfect for our 1 year old .
 This garage is very durable and a neat toy . My son is very rough on toys , and he has n't broken it yet . It came with a video , too . He has become bored with the garage , but still loves the video .
 We 've created a virtual community of little people in my house with the various little people products we have - the garage , farm and zoo . All of the people can be used on each product and they link together nicely with little fences . And this product is durable . My 2 year old stands on it and it does n't budge .
 There is quite a bit of assembly required on this , more than you might think . My son wanted to play with it right away but I had to find a screwdriver and fuss around with it , trying to snap the pieces together . So I would suggest assembling it ahead of time if possible.It 's a fun toy , very durable . My son sat on it and tried to slide down the ramp , but the toy did n't buckle.When you buy this you 'll find the most useless button on this toy is the car wash button . It moves a brush about a fraction of an inch . it 's a really dumb button.Still , a big huge piece of plastic to cram up your house , but your kid will probably love it !
 We purchased this toy for my daughter when she was 13 months old . Since she was an early walker we have been challenged to find toys that are stimulating enough for her . She loves the sounds , ramps , and elevators . In fact , now that she is older , she will use the cars by themselves and `` Vroom '' all around the house . We have a friend who is 9 months old and he is enjoying the toy as well . I do n't have any fears of small parts breaking off and making the toy inappropriate for children younger than 3 years.It is frustrating , however , that we ca n't find additional size appropriate cars made by Fisher Price . Since it only comes with two cars it is important not to lose them or the toy becomes useless .
 This was the first product that we ever received in the `` Little People '' line of FP toys , and boy , was it a hit with my 2 year old toddler boy/girl twins ! They have had endless fun with making the cars go down the ramp and my daughter -LRB- who is very small for 2 -RRB- kept trying to go down the slide herself -LRB- she finally understood it was for the charcters and not her ! But the toy held up to her climbing all over it . I have purchased the farm for them for Xmas and hope it is a hit as well . They also love the `` Little People '' video that was included with this toy . Great job , FP !
 My daughter was given this for Christmas when she was 2 1/2 and she has played with it very frequently over the past six months . It is one of her favorite toys . This toy also works well when friends come over to play since it is large enough for more than one kid to play with at a time .
 There is so much to do with this toy . It turns little boys and girls into mechanics , race-car drivers , pretty much anything their big imaginations can imagine . One of the best things is the way it rotates position . Along with being great for storage , it also allows for multiple viewpoints . A position change and all of a sudden it seems like a `` new '' toy . My son 's favorites include the gas pump , the car wash . and , of course , the ramps . A great addition to your little people city .
 We have several of the little people sets , but the Ramps Around garage is one of my son 's favorites . He loves the elevator and the auto shop . The garage makes all sorts of adorable sounds when the cars are drvien over the different ramps and sections . My son is now three and has been playing with this toy for almost a year , one of our friends son , sho just turned two , came over and played with the garage for over an hour . Little People wins again !
 We bought this toy for my son 's first birthday and he loves it ! He loves the cause and effect of making the cars go down the ramp . It 's extremly durable because he likes to try to stand on it , and it does n't even buckle . Very well built !
 I bought this toy for my son for his second birthday - it was easily his favorite gift ! I had no problem putting it together . I was amazed at how durable it is - my son -LRB- though he is very small for two -RRB- sits , stands , climbs , and tries to slide on it and so far so good . He loves to put all his cars , including his matchboxes , on it and see them go down the ramps . Even my six month old likes this toy ! He always sits with his brother and tries to chew on it : -RRB-
 This is a great toy !! It offers hours of endless fun for myself and my kids-ages 10mo , 2yr , and 4yr ! The noises are great , it is incredibly sturdy , and everyone just loves it . The only down side is the room that it takes up , but worth it for the enjoyment the toy brings to our house !
 My son received this for his first birthday . It is a hit ! It is durable enough to withstand him sitting on it and crashing cars all over it . He loves the slides and the elevator . I wish it came with more cars or had more cars you could buy separately . So far we have only found the contruction set and the ice cream truck/bus set and those vehicles are a bit bulky to navigate the ramps . That is my only complaint though . Overall it is a very fun toy that occupis my one year old for longer than anything else !
 Bought this for our grandson 's first birthday . It was a big hit . He not only enjoyed the box as all one year olds do , but , enjoyed making the cars and people go up and down the devices on the garage . Very safe . Once put together , our one year old did not tear it apart . Enjoyed watching him converse with the little people in his language . It was very good .
 My nephew is 2 years old and loves his Ramps Around Garage . However , I must say that I was terribly disappointed in the shipping of the product to me . I had to pay a rediculous amount of money for the shipping & handling of the product because it was one lousy penny short of 25 bucks , and when I got it , the corners of the box were smashed in and the box had torn areas . You 'd think that if you have to pay for shipping that the product would be placed in an additional protective box when being shipped ! I had to wrap up the toy as a gift in the pathetic condition that it was in , to give to my little nephew as a birthday present . I made sure that all spectators of the gift opening knew where I purchased the toy from and to beware using Amazon for any gift-giving purchases .
 Endless hours have been spent by my grandson playing with this item . A big hit for me to have this on hand for his visits .
 A great toy . My kids love the two ramps - they can race two cars at the same time . Lots of extras like a car wash , tire store , hoist , etc. . The only downside is the size of the toy .
 My 2 and a half year old son received this for Christmas and it 's still a favorite almost 6 months later . So many possibilities ! He 's a big boy at almost 40 lb and sits on this , with no ill effects , though I tell him not to , just in case . Well worth the money , looks like new in spite of daily use .
 We 've gotten lots of play time out of this toy . Very well made .
 My daughter just received this two days ago on her second birthday , and she has not stop playing with it since ! I 've never seen her so dedicated to one toy . Every morning when she wakes up , she runs straight to it and starts running cars up and down the ramps . My husband is impressed too with how sturdy this is . It would take a lot to break it . I highly recommend this toy !
 My son received this as a Christmas gift when he was 18 months old . At first all he wanted to do is sit on it and it handled that with no problem . Once he figured out the buttons he kept pushing all of them to get the sounds to go off . Now he is 2 and he plays with this toy every single day . We have since collected several other LP cars and he loves to line them up on the ramp and send them all down and then bring them back up the elevator . He loves to give the cars gas and have them talk on the phone too . By far this is his favorite toy .
 My son got this toy for his first birthday , and still plays with it daily now that he is 2 yrs old . He likes to make the cars go up and down the ramp , even the hotwheels cars go to the garage . This is a great toy for either a boy or girl !!
 My son received this for his second birthday and has played with it for hours . He loves the ramps which he calls slides and likes making all the sounds . He sits on it and it holds well . The toy is rather large which may make for difficult storage and it was time consuming to put together . I left that up to my husband , he did n't seem to have too much trouble but it did take 15 minutes or so . That 's a long time to have to wait after opening a gift . My six year old daughter also seems to enjoy this toy , we have many other little people sets and this one has been played with the most so far . My kids use this interchangably with weebles , the figures and their vehichles are all about the same size.ONE YEAR LATER and still a favorite at our house ! I think this toy will be around in our home for a loooooong time to come -LRB- especially since we 're about to deliver our second boy ! -RRB- . It 's held up well through this past year and still looks new even though it 's played with all the time !
 We bought this for our son when he was around 20 months old . He 's now over 2 and has played with it constantly - which is saying a lot since it 's about the only toy that this has happened with -LRB- and we 've bought a bunch since he 's an only -RRB- . It 's durable too , he 's a big guy and has stood on it a couple of times -LRB- though he 's not supposed to ! -RRB- and dropped it and it 's held up just great . I definitely recommend this toy .
 I bought this for my 1yr old . She loves cars and was so excited . It took a good 15 mins to put together . Heres a tip . Put the stickers on before you assemble anything ! Great toy and durability . My 25lb daughter actually sits on it , and plays that way . We have tried to teach her to sit next to it but she wont . LOL . I hope theres more cars out there to buy . It only comes with two . Takes up alot of space but worth it !
 Unfortunately , of all the Little People Play sets this is one that does not fold down or close up . It takes up a lot of room . If you are pressed for storage this would not be a toy for you . My boys seem to have become somewhat bored with it also .
 I remember loving the Fisher-Price Garage as a child . I did n't have one , but I played with it non-stop at the home of anyone who had one ! I loved the ramps , the gas station , and the way I felt like I was transported into a different world . When I had a son of my own , after purchasing the farm and the dollhouse for my daughters , I looked forward to buying the Garage!I am really glad Fisher-Price has finally come up with an updated design that is fun and sparks imagination , as well as not being too big . Previous versions have gigantic , and the one we bought secondhand before purchasing this one was not fun at all . It had ramps that went down like trapdoors , and nowhere else for the cars to go except the elevator and a lame little garage you could hardly fit your hand or car through . My son would watch the cars tumble down the funny ramps for a short while , and then lose interest.This version of the Garage has so much for him to do ! He loves `` filling up '' the car and tow truck at the gas station , stopping at the snack and magazine stand , going down the ramps , taking the car through the car wash , and pretending to `` tow '' the car to the repair shop to `` fix '' the car -LRB- the tow truck can really tow the car and unload it at the repair bay -RRB- . The sounds are fun , too -- the gas pump dings and `` glugs '' like the car is filling up , the cars can run over a button that makes car noises , the repair shop has realistic noises . The elevator is fun , too , although if my son is n't careful , his cars tend to slide out before it reaches the top . -LRB- I think that flaw needs to be remedied ! -RRB- But he loves the toy , and my 5 - and 8-year-old daughters will also play with the toy for a while . I think it 's closer to the old favorite than any of the other versions I 've seen . I recommend this toy for a good , imagination-sparking , classic purchase !
 My now 28 month old son absolutely loves this toy ... and SO DO I !! First of all , my son has been playing with this for well over a year and never can get enough of it . Second , the batteries last a long time as I have never had to change them out yet . Also , the durability is very good . My son pretends to ride down the ramp as if it were a slide for him and no damage is done . Also , my 2 year old likes to stand on top of it in order to reach his lamp on his dresser . It is an all around fun toy and offers a lot of imaginative play opportunities . I would recommend this for any child who loves Little People or any little boy or girl in general . I foresee us having a couple more years with this and I am sure another child will be able to play with it when he is done with no problems . Run right out and get this for your little one , you wo n't be sorry .
 My twin boys got this for their 3rd Birthday and they love it . It was n't that hard to put together ... who cares how long it takes , it 's an awesome toy ! It 's extremely sturdy and the parts either snap securely into place or screw into place which is a huge plus since my boys love to take things apart but they ca n't with this toy . I even love to play with this toy , it 's Great !
 The Letter from Santa was just beautiful in everyway . The letter was so cute and the Christmas Eve door hanger is adorable . Once I ordered my letter , Santa Claus , Inc emailed me a login and a link to customize Santa 's Letter . I entered our dogs name and the color of our front door along with what my son wanted fro Christmas and the letter fitted it all in so wonderfully . I could choose when Santa should mail it and I chose it early because I was so excited ! I would thoroughly recommend this letter from Santa and would probably order the Teddy or Magic snow version next Holiday season .
 THE SANTA LETTER WAS BEAUTIFUL AND MY GRANDDAUGHTER WAS SO HAPPY WHEN SHE RECEIVED IT IN THE MAIL . SHE COULD NOT GET OVER THE FACT THAT SANTA KNEW SO MUCH ABOUT HER , HER BEST FRIEND AND THE KARAOKE SHE WANTED SO MUCH ANDTHAT HE MADE HER WISH COME TRUE . I AM VERY HAPPY I ORDERED THE LETTER AND WILL DO IT AGAIN NEXT YEAR FOR MY OTHER GRANDCHILDREN .
 This was the best santa letter the only problem is I would say it is better for children over 5 as the three and one year old did not understand it for it was kind of long for them .
 This is the second year I have done this for my Grandaughter and will do it again next year .
 My dog -LRB- medium sized husky -RRB- loves these bow wow toys ! She had one for almost two years before a piece got ripped off . Every single one she 's gotten since has quickly become her best friend .
 I have a Cardigan Corgi and he tears every plush dog toy to shreds unless it is a TY Bow Wow Beanie toy . I do n't know if it is because the stuffing crunches and he gets some kind of satisfaction thinking he 's breaking its little bones but I have a couple of these toys that are a few years old that he still is playing with like they were new . The only reason I have to replace them is they just wear out from excessive enjoyment . He will even fall asleep using the toy for a pillow . I wish more dog toys had this much thought go into the production . Great toy !
 We just got our chihuahua Gus Gus in December and in less then two months he must have chewed thru at least 6 soft toys -LRB- i stopped counting -RRB- . While on vacation we stopped at a truck stop and went in the gift store , feeling guilty for leaving my baby behind , I found their beanie display . I almost bought him a regular one and then I found the bow wow beanie and scooped it up . He loves it to death . Its still in the same shape as the day we bought it home , no rips , tears , holes or eyes missing ! -LRB- there are no eyes sewn on they are embroidered -RRB- The paws and the tail crinkle and there is a sqeaker in the belly . Gus just loves his beenie so I am looking to buy more !
 I bought this game for myself . . I love Mrs.Pacman and I wanted something I could play on the way to work . . This game has diffrent levels and good color . . If u loved the arcade game u will love this as much as I do .
 THIS GAME IS VERY FUN BUT IN MY PERSPECTIVE IT USES TOO MANY BATTERIES . I WISH IT COULD USE AN AC ADAPTER WHEN I AM PLAYING IT AT HOME .
 Purchased for my son-in-law who is a storyboard artist for Pixar and especially enjoys Charlie Brown . It arrived on time and in pristine condition . He got a kick out of his ViewMaster and vintage reels . Thank you .
 The new boxed set of the FF is very good . It gives you all the members of the team and their # 1 villian -- Dr. Doom . The nice features of this set include the exclusive Invisible Woman , the Dr. Doom with his scarred face , and a slightly updated Thing figure . H.E.R.B.I.E. the robot and Franklin Richards are exclusive to this set , but are nothing to talk about . You could live with out them . Reed Richards -LRB- Mr. Fantastic -RRB- has a new paint scheme and a goofy , new head sculpt that looks ... not so good . The Marvel Legends Series 5 figure of him alone is much better than this one . You can easily swap heads from the one to the other by letting their heads sit in boiling water for about 45 seconds . Then , pop them off and switch them around . In addition to Mr. Fantastic being previously released before this set , so was the Thing , the Human Torch , and Dr. Doom . The Thing has a new paint job , new head sculpt , and better hands . The Thing from Marvel Legends Series 2 had `` bendy '' fingers and you could n't get him to make a fist very well . This version of the Thing can do that . So , when `` it 's clobberin ' time '' , this Thing is ready . Although he could 've been updated a little more -- in my opinion -- ToyBiz did n't changed him any further . The Human Torch is the same as the Series 2 version , but with a `` flame off '' head . I wish they could have given him the same body sculpt as Mr. Fantastic . It 's so much better than the one Torch has -- way better articulation . I never really liked the Series 2 Human Torch , so I hoped that this one had been updated . It was n't . Dr. Doom is also identical to the Series 2 Dr. Doom only he has a slightly different paint scheme and a different face sculpt . The face is scarred from the infamous lab accident in his past that turned him into the character he is now . This is how ToyBiz should have released Dr. Doom in the first place . Do n't know why they waited so long , but it 's worth the wait . Each figure comes with his/her own display base and a poster book of the characters . I would have given the set 5 stars if they had improved the Human Torch a little more and included some other characters besides Franklin Richards and H.E.R.B.I.E. the robot . Otherwise , this set is a great buy for new and old fans -- especially with the upcoming Fantastic Four movie to be released in theaters .
 Let me start off by saying that this is one of the ABSOLUTE BEST Marvel Legends sets . It includes everything that a Fantastic Four fan would want . My favorite of this set has to be the Invisible Woman , she is very well articulated and this saet is the only way to get her . The Thing was a great figure in series two , and this one is even better . It has a better paint job , and really capyures the Thing extremely well . The Human Torch . Well , out of all the figures in the set , herein lies the complaint . If you ask me , he should either be fully `` flamed on '' , or `` flamed off '' . Not both . However , the figure design is good , so it is n't all bad . The New Mr. Fantasic head has been a hot topic in the other reviews , I happen to think it looks fine . Mr. Fantastic is well-represented in this set . Dr. Doom is AWESOME . His new face really does the character justice and , come on , he 's Dr. Doom . Why is this toy educational you ask ? I hope it will inspire kids to read some of Stan Lee 's and Jack Kirby 's fantasic Fantastic Four comics . The two pack-ins with this set are n't bad , but nothing rave about . Get this set , you wo n't be displeased with your purchase .
 The set is great!Mr . Fantastic is way better than the previously released one , the Things face looks way cooler and the paint job is better , the Human Torch figure is cool the way they made him less lit up than the other one!Well , the Sue Storm figure could have been better but it ` s still neat.Dr . Doom is good , well detailed but not very posable.The bonus figure is pretty cool.It ` s just neat how they included Franklin ... Oh ya the computer guy , -LRB- i forgot his name -RRB- And the rolled up Mr. Fantastc.This set deserves four and a half stars , but it ` s still AWESOME !!!!!!!
 i wish i had this toy it looks sooo cool
 I ordered items in July & they were really cute . They were about 7 '' . I ordered again in August because they were such a big hit . These measure about 10 '' . They are still cute but I would have preferred the smaller ones . I used them to fill up a small pool for a 1 year old .
 These are very cute . Smaller than I thought ... about the size of a grapefruit , but still a great party favor , especially for little ones too young for most party favors which are usually very small .
 Ordered for my granddaughters beach themed February birthday party . Very colorful and better than balloons . Kids loved them !
 This product met my expectations . I gave the product a 4 because I have not had enough time to use and test the product . I gave these balls away at my son 's birthday party and they seemed to be enjoyed by the children . My son who is 2 played with these balls in the pool and they seemed to be the perfect size for him to throw and catch . So far they were very worth the price that I payed .
 I ordered these for prizes for my son 's 2nd grade class . They were adorable and the size was perfect . They were nice quality and a very good price .
 We bought these as party favors for our son 's water-themed 3rd birthday party . They 're small , as indicated - good for little hands .
 These beach balls were the hit of a pool party for 13 ten year old boys . I blew them all up -LRB- did not get light headed -RRB- and they closed nicely . They were thrown , bounced off hard surfaces , jumped on and filled with water to make massive water bombs and not a single one broke . They looked great and performed great . I recommend them without reservation .
 I typically buy these as a fun Easter egg stuffer , but they have also been a huge hit with kids at pool parties.I did not give the product five stars because some of the balls were malformed , but that is a very small defect if you look at it from the perspective of the kids .
 I bought these for my 13 months old baby to have something to play with in our pool . I like the different patterns and the size is perfect for little hands .
 We got these for my daughter 's 2nd birthday party - they were floating in the pool when the guests arrived . The kids loved them ! It is important to note that they are SMALL - small enough that my 2 year old can hold one in the palm of her little hand . But on the flip-side they are great because even the big kids love to throw them around . Each kid was able to take one home with them at the end - everyone had a blast !
 The small beach balls were very popular w/my daughter 's lake swim team . Even though a few of the balls were defective , their customer service dept. responded promptly and appropriately . I will certainly be recommending you to my friends and acquaintances . Thanks !
 I bought this product for my daughters 10th birthday pool party and it was a big hit . The kids loved it . I bought many beach toys but these little balls were what they all wanted to play with . It was a continuous flow of balls being thrown everywhere . Furthermore-The shipmetn came on time-early in fact - and I had zero problems with this order . Very satisfied ...
 I had been looking for an alternative to the usual things you throw at the bride and groom as they exit and away . The problem I had ; the venue did not allow a list of the usual things , anything that made a mess and required cleaning ; but mini-beach balls could be awsome . I got on Amazon found these mini assorted beach balls . The colors , designs and size made them unique and not ho-hum . They are great I bought 75 of em ; my husband tested 2 of them to see how long they could hold air , they held it for weeks ; he used an air compressor to blow them up . They are tough skinned , size of a soft ball , kids love em , you ca n't hurt people with em ; do n't recommend throwing them in areas where anything can be broken . These would be the surprise when the bride and groom made their exit ; and it was awsome.I would buy again from this company , and recommend this product .
 Got these to put in a goodie bag for my son 's 6th birthday party at school . I was very impressed that each ball came individually sealed in its own plastic bag . They inflate easily , without any hard blowing , hold the air well , and are a great alternative to bigger balls , especially for playing catch in the house . The color variety was great , something for everyone . Highly recommend these .
 I ordered these for a birthday pool party for my 9 yr old and her friends who were all 8 or 9 years old . They had a blast with them ! They had them in the pool , they were throwing them back and forth on the grass , they had them in the trampoline jumping up and down and throwing them ... they just loved them . Each kid got to pick out one to take home with them which made them very happy . I received a good assortment of different colors and styles . There were several different colored happy face balls in my shipment which made me happy . All of mine blew up just fine and held their air except for one that popped when my husband blew it up . He says it may have been his fault for putting too much air in it . He used a compressor to blow all these up .
 Gave these out at daughter 's 4th birthday party . Kids kicking and throwing them around the yard all day . Nothing broke or popped . Good toy .
 Using these as favors for my son 's first birthday . I do n't understand why others get shocked with the size ... description does say `` Mini '' . The size is perfect for the kids . The printing is off on some of them and some are cheesy too . But considering I paid a little over 50 cents per ball , I 'm a happy buyer .
 This is a great idea for party favors . These mini beach balls are pretty durable . Very fun for little kids or adults ! They make parties in general a lot of fun .
 These are * very * small just so that you know . They are cute though , there is more than one ball of each design . They are n't the most durable of things , but they are really cheap which makes up for it .
 I bought this for my 4th grade class . The students loved them and had friends sign and play . They thought it was terrific for the last day of school .
 This playset was larger than I expected . There 's enough pieces for two or more children to engage in interactive play . The pieces are not so tiny as to be easily lost -LRB- except maybe the two small cannonballs -RRB- . The treasure chest has `` treasure '' . The spyglass and weapons can be held by any of the 4 pirates . Yo-ho !
 I am a family therapist -LRB- and a mom/grandmother -RRB- and do play therapy with all ages of children . We have so much fun with this set ... it gets used every week . I liked it so much , I bought another one so we can interact with another ship . For the price and quality , its a great deal . Pirate characters , parrot and crocodile have fun faces and bodies . The canons and harpoon work , treasure chest lid is weak , but we work around it . Highly recommend it for lots of fun . Seems to work best with kids from age 5 and up -LRB- including me and I am old er : o -RRB-
 This is a lot of toy for the money . It is great for interactive and imaginative play .
 This set came two days after I ordered it . As soon as I opened the package I was amazed . I ca n't wait for Xmas to give this to my grandson . I am 100 % sure he is going to love this . The set has many interactive parts to play with and he has a great imagination . I would not recommend this for a 3yo . I was so excited about this toy that I uploaded pictures for the first time so I could share this great deal .
 This boxed set is worth every penny you pay for it . It has only a few minor drawbacks , but the benefits far outweigh the problems . If anyone had trouble buying the villians from the Spiderman Classics series of figures -LRB- i.e. , all of us -RRB- , this is your lucky day . Let 's start at the top
 This would be one wicked set if it was n't for the Black Cat . I was excited that the Cat was getting a Marvel Legend figure and it looked good while it was still in the box . Once I took it out I was disappointed . It is simply overarticulated so that it wo n't even stay standing with it 's base . The rest of the figures in this set were great . Electro is easily my favorite , the articulation on this figure is perfect and the likeness is spot on .
 well this toy is great basically thats it . -LRB- ... -RRB- i know it doesnt sound like much but at some stores you can buy like almost a whole nother action figure so ceeya yors truly d-knight
 Thoroughly enjoying this item on my layout.Parents this is not a toy . It is for an HO train layout 's scenery.Do not buy as a child 's play thing .
 I used to have the old Gandalf the Grey , the first one Toybiz produced , and while I was very impressed with that figure , having great fun with the light-up staff , I must say that this figure is so much better , I got rid of the old Gandalf and kept this new one instead!First of all , the best thing about this new Gandalf is that his hat FITS ! Gandalf the Grey is defined by his characteristic hat , and for the old figure 's hat to be made of hard plastic and not scaled so that it fit on his head , was very disapponting . However , with this figure , the hat is made of a soft , stretchy plastic , which allows Gandalf to where his hat easily . Great fun.Second , while I liked the light-up staff on the old Gandalf , the battery quickly wore down after only a few light-ups , so this new staff is much more enduring . Great sculpting , exactly like the wizard 's staff in the movie.Glamdring , Gandalf 's sword , in this new figure , initially appeared a bit too big and too blue , but after I checked the scale with that in the movie , cross-referencing the figure with distant shots of Gandalf , I think the sword is absolutely fine and adds to , instead of subtracts from , the figure.As for the rest of the figure , everything is of excellent quality
 This is the Gandalf the Grey figure I always wanted . The figure I received is the same pictured and not a repackage of the original Fellowship of the Ring Gandalf . The figure has a completely new sculpt and new weapons . Excellent quality and great pose-ability . I ca n't say enough about this figure , this is a very rare release that is a must own for a fan of Gandalf , Lord of the Rings , or the Toy Biz line . This is by far one of the best figures if not my favorite figure in the entire line . Needless to say I highly recommend it !
 My girls love these , and it allows for creativity when they put their names on them . High quality , fun and cute gift .
 These are adorable ! I hung them on my kids ' doors and they 're so cute ! I will be putting on some stick-on felt on the back because they kind of bang on the doors , but I love them ! And got a great deal for less than four dollars before Christmas which makes them even better !
 It was exactly what I wanted !
 I bought this dollhouse for my granddaughter 's second birthday . It was easy to assemble with very clear instructions and is well made and sturdy . It came with nice sized dolls and more furniture than I expected . It was the last present my granddaughter opened at her birthday party and the other children -LRB- between the ages of two and four -RRB- loved it . They were so entranced with the dollhouse , they did n't even want to stop playing with it for cake !
 I bought this pretty dollhouse for my 17 month old daughter . She loves it.The fact the house can swivel is wonderful . She can get to all rooms and the patio easily.The dollhouse , the furniture and the dolls are very durable . No small pieces.And the fact the dolls and the furniture came with the house for the price was a true plus.The house was easy to assemble .
 We purchased this for a christmas gift for our 2 1/2 year old daughter . She loves the house -LRB- getting it was an ordeal and we did not have it for Christmas because the manufacturer `` forgot '' to send it out -- but -- it has been center stage since it has arrived -RRB- It is great to see her rearranging the furniture and naming all of the dolls . She will actually sit down and play with this house and set up little scenes . It is very durable and the spinning feature is great because it makes it easier to share the play space with her friends . We are very pleased with this doll house , even though the purchase was a bit rocky .
 I purchased this dollhouse for my 3 yr old daughter for Christmas and she loves it . The house itself is very sturdy and the swivel feature makes playing with the whole house very easy . Also , the roof comes completely off which is great ! It was fairly easy to assemble but no directions came in the box - we had to look them up online . Overall , a great dollhouse for the price , when you consider 4 people and all the furniture comes with it .
 I was very surprised when receiving this dollhouse because it was more than I expected . It included everything in the description , furnishings , etc. but the quality was much more than expected . This dollhouse is extremely sturdy and of great quality that will last through the generations , as dollhouses should . It is also extremely easy to assemble , I expected to have to get out wood glue and work with wooden dowels like assembling furniture , but instead it was simply 14 bolts , the easiest assembly I 've ever had to do . Excellent product , would recommend it to anyone .
 We got this doll house for our 2 1/2 year old for Xmas this year and she loves it . We also love it as it is quality made and the swivel is awesome ! Everyone who has come over has asked where we got it and plan to get one for any girl they know under 5 .
 I love this dollhouse it is well built and my kids play with it for hours . It took about 30 minutes to put together .
 We gave this to our daughter for her 2nd birthday and she instantly loved it ; so did her twin brother . We liked that the dollhouse came furnished , with a family , and the walls and floors were decorated with rugs , wallpapers or flowers and trees on the outside . Since this is our daughter 's first dollhouse we wanted something that was n't too expensive -LRB- buying the house , furniture and dolls can add up quickly -RRB- and were the pieces were n't too small or delicate . This dollhouse perfectly fit the requirements.The furniture is very sturdy , no small pieces to break off , made of solid wood , painted soft shades of pastels . The family of four is easy to bend and play with , their clothes have not come off yet.The house has a kitchen , living room , bathroom , bedroom , and a upstairs patio -LRB- with two chairs , a table , and a plant - very cute -RRB- . The roof comes off for easy access . This is perfect for us because roof access and room access lets two kids play at the same time with minimal arguing .
 My daughter received this from Santa - she loves it ! Was easy to put together -LRB- although little stickers on each piece -RRB- and is quality made . No problems at all . It swivels around so makes it easy to play with . Hard wood and very sturdy . Would recommend definitely !
 This is a very sturdy and super cute doll house , it encourages hours of imaginative play . The fact that it is fully furnished is so convenient and you know exactly how much you 'll be spending up-front . Other doll houses that I 'd previously looked at had much more delicate -LRB- breakable -RRB- pieces that needed to be purchased seperately and were expensive -LRB- after adding up the costs of several , it over doubled the costs of the houses -RRB- . The pieces included in this set are ` chunky ' durable and perfectly sized for little hands . The roof lifts for easy 2nd floor access , and the swivel base is a really great feature especially at clean-up time . We ` discovered ' this house at friends home . My 3 yr old daughter played with it for a good couple of hours and even then was n't ready to leave it when it was time to go . I ordered one for her the very next day for Christmas from Santa . I know she will be so excited to see it sitting under the tree when she gets up in the morning !
 This dollhouse was a great find . It is very easy to put together . I had it set up with furniture in about 20 minutes . It is very sturdy and the swivel on the bottom is great but would be better if it was attached . The instructions were easy to follow . I ordered this house because it is the right size for my daughter 's Calico Critters . A couple of the pieces of furniture are too big for them but otherwise a great dollhouse .
 I was searching online and in catalogs for a dollhouse for my 4.5 year old daughter and it was a hard to see which one was best . After visiting a few toy stores , this was the winner by a mile . I find a lot of the plastic dollhouses cheap-looking and ugly . The other wooden dollhouses -LRB- i.e. Melissa and Doug Deluxe Wooden Dollhouse -RRB- are extremely plain inside ; there is no color at all . This dollhouse has colored walls and came with everything you need - furniture and dolls - and even a lazy Susan to make it easy to turn the dollhouse around . It looks to me like KidKraft has discontinued this model , and I 'm very sorry to see that . Their Savannah dollhouse is WAY too big for my house , and the colors on their `` Glamor Girl '' house are more garish than the pretty tones on this winner . I 'm really happy I bought this dollhouse , and would recommend it to anyone .
 We bought this for our 6 year old daughter , who was extremely pleased with it . What I liked best was the fact that it comes complete with furniture , dolls -LRB- my daughter did not love the dolls , but substituted some of her own figures -RRB- , assembly parts and tools , etc. . Assembly was easy -LRB- about 30 minutes , no confusion -RRB- and the parts all fit together very nicely , which actually made the assembly itself a very satisfying experience . Construction is solid . We bought ours through Amazon 's third party seller , BabyAge , for $ 85.20 including shipping and handling . The price I see online on Amazon now is substantially higher , but we would have paid more for the quality we received . This is a winner product !
 I bought this for my 3 year old 's birthday . she loves it and sleeps by it every night .
 Fast delivery , easy to put together , all dolls and furniture included , great price , well made , and super cute . My daughter loves her first doll house .
 I purchased this for my 3 year and she LOVES it ! Very easy to assemble and extremely well made . Was looking for a wood house that was pretty simple . This comes with a whole doll family and plenty of furniture . Great value ! The `` lazy susan '' / swivel feature is just fantastic ! Highly recommend this product !
 WOW !!! Now THIS is what a driving toy should be ! I just bought this for my 14-month-old son , and we both love it !! It 's got it all - an ignition `` key '' , gear shift , turn signal , hazard lights , horn , side mirror , turbo boost , and radio . And the little mini car turns with the steering wheel , while the road lights up differently , depending on which gear the car is in -LRB- and even goes faster in Turbo mode -RRB- . I had originally bought the Leap Frog See & Learn Autoescuela , but it was n't as purely car-oriented as I wanted . This toy fit the bill perfectly !! Well made , well thought-out , and half the price of the other one . Bravo !!
 This driving toy is great . I even sat on the floor and played with all the features . My daughter is 10 months old and loves to play with this toy . I 'm sure as she gets older , she 'll be learning how to use the different features and playing with it a lot more also .
 My toddler loves this toy . She pretends like she is driving just like Mommy and Daddy . She turns the wheel and will carry it all around the house . Her older sister even enjoys it as well .
 I bought this toys for $ 4 . A good price and a good toys . My baby like it .
 I truly love this set of stuffed companions . The material Uglydog is made from is very soft and not at all ugly , despite the makers ' statement that these dolls are made from the `` ugliest materials '' they could find.Uglydog has made friends very easily with my imaginary dog , Jellybean . There was no problem with him fitting into our little world , and I am happy that Jellybean has a new best friend . Both of them are a little frustrated with me though because I throw their tennis ball like a girl and they do n't get to run as far as they 'd like while playing fetch . However , I make good pancakes , so they put up with me.Uglydog comes with a small card describing him in detail . For those who decide they like these dolls , I recommend a visit to the official Uglydolls website for a peek at their T-shirts and the 7 inch dolls . The smaller versions are different colors than the larger ones.J.H . Sweet , author of The Fairy Chronicles , and Uglydolls collector
 The toy itself is just great ... and it can double as a back cushion when nursing . But want to emphasize even more how terrific the vendor was . They were incredibly fast in shipping the toy ... astonishing service .
 My son received Ugly BigToe for his birthday and Mom found it so practical that she had to buy two for herself -LRB- Uglydog , as a back support -RRB- - one for the car and one for the office . I 'm a whopping 5 ' 3 '' and 103 pounds and all of the back supports that I have found from chiropractors and back stores are way too big and HURT my back . These little guys -LRB- the 12-14 '' ones -RRB- are JUST PERFECT to fill the space behind the small of my back when I 'm sitting in those oversized office chairs and car seats that are made NOT for small folks . Aside , my 1 year old just LOVES these little guys too , especially throwing them around and wrestling with them .
 I really like every feature of this item ... hood opens , doors open , trunk opens and shows the NOS bottle included inside ... I hope more replicas from the fast and the furious movie become available soon !!!
 My two year old son LOVES animal/dinosour figures and one of his favorite movies is Ice Age ... which just so happens to be impossible to find toys for ... . These are a great alternative ... . cute little figures awesome price ... . very pleased mommy here !!!
 This is far from a perfect set , but there are very few choices out there like it if you are searching for a historically accurate set of early man . These are Neanderthal , not Cro Magnon -LRB- both live during the Ice Age -RRB- . The animals are too small in comparison to the humans . There are 3 men , 1 woman and no children . They seem a bit scantily clothed for cold weather . The humans in this Wild Safari set are larger than is found in Safari Toob sets and the plastic is more flexible . Comparing these with some Safari sets , the Safari sets seem more detailed . I have n't yet received the Safari Prehistoric Toob set yet so I ca n't make a direct comparison.This is n't perfect , but these two sets are all I can find when it comes to prehistoric humans . Other sets do silly things like include dinosaurs -LRB- which did not live at the same time as humans -RRB- .
 This was purchased for a Christmas present . It looks just like the picture . The screen makes it fun for the younger sibling too but could be a little better quality . My nephew finally got this for Christmas and while he 's having fun , the images are not as great as you might expect . The color barely shows up so the images seem black and white . I think he 'll get tired of it quickly without the color . Was ordered November 11th but did n't arrive until December 11th even though it was listed as in stock .
 We purchased this microscope for our home and our science loving sons . For the price , this is a very effective tool for our sons to use independently . They 've learned how to mount their own slides to examine as well as examine pre-made slides . I 've taken this unit to Sunday School to show a group of children a science experiment - with great success!However , the battery life is fairly short -LRB- about 2 months of off-on use -RRB- . The newer the battery , the better and brighter the picture is . Order spare bulbs as well , it comes with one extra -LRB- or two bulbs total -RRB- - but finding additional bulbs takes time and effort ! Our first bulb lasted three years . We 're on our second now and I 've got new on order.Overall - a good purchase for younger -LRB- less than 12 years -RRB- children or children 's groups .
 After having purchased a couple of regular microscopes that all proved pretty worthless -LRB- in the $ 35 range -RRB- , I decided to try this one for my 5 year old . It did exactly what it was intended to do - exposed him to the idea of exploring our world . He and his cousins had a great time collecting specimens from the yard and putting them in the microscope . No , it is n't a high end scope , but for the age range it is intended for -LRB- and the price -RRB- I was a hppy customer . He used it for three years and it is still in great shape .
 The Fast and the Furious was a great movie . The cars were amazing . This Eclipse is the exact replica of the one used in the movie . If you enjoy fast cars , or you like collecting models , this is the toy for you . It may educate you on what parts to buy for your car This car is the ultimate rice rocket . I would recommend this diecast model to anyone who enjoys cars .
 This playset set very cute and works well in our Barbie doll house . Same furniture as the `` Play All Day Nursery Set '' minus the doll .
 We bought this truck for our 2-year-old son and he loves it ! He has tossed it around , loaded it up , and beat it to death ; yet it still looks brand new ! I ca n't believe its endurance level ! The sounds even still work ! He plays with it all of the time , but loves the free DVD that accompanied the truck even more . It is very educational and I have memorized how sanitation works !! -LRB- He asks for it as soon as he wakes up and it plays almost continuously ! He loves watching the different tractors and trucks -- and even a four-wheeler and car crushing ! This has been one of the best deals !!
 Bought this during an Amazon sale on a whim to save for a future birthday party . Did not expect it to be so nice ! Comes with a DVD and lights up and makes sound . Was the hit of the party when the 5 year old boy opened up his gifts . Other kids kept trying it out and wanting to play with it . Wish I had bought another !
 a nice sturdy truck . I expected it to be cheap for $ -LSB- ... -RSB- . I was wrong . it comes with 2 trash bins too . there are 3 buttons on the tide that made noise.my little guys are going to love this ...
 I bought the Sanitation Truck as a birthday present for my 3 year old nephew . He loved that he could latch the garbage bins onto the back of the truck and dump the `` garbage '' into the truck . He has a smaller version of the same truck , but the garbage bins do not open . He also loved that the truck had lights and made sound . It was a great buy , and a good value .
 the little boys love this toy . They all want to be sanitation workers once they get playing with it .
 I bought this toy for a 3 year old for a birthday present and he loves it . I loved the quick arrival after ordering it !
 I purchased these for my son 's 3rd birthday party which is Backyardigans themed . They are super cute , but the inside of each card is black and white and I needed a sticker to hold the envelopes closed . As a note , the thank you 's are postcards !
 I prefer to purchase inviations & thank you cards that match so this was a great deal ! I do wish the thank you notes were more than just post cards but they will still do the trick !
 Ever since the Fellowship of the ring came out in 2001 -LRB- wow , time flies does it not ? -RRB- , the figure I wanted to get the most was a Boromir figure . But alas , he was the hardest of all the charachters to find , surpassing Gandalf in rarity . Now , four years later , I finally get my hands on one . Was it worth the wait ? I 'm pleased to say that yes , it is.Boromir is a new `` Super-posable '' figure that has thirty points of articulation . He can bend at the shoulders , elbows , wrist , legs , knees , feet , toes , waist and head , which means that he can get in a lot of poses for you to mess around with . One feature I really liked is how his fingers can do a clutching action . Put his sword in his hand and you can close the fingers so the figure now securely holds the sword . A very nice touchThe paint and sculpt work very well . Boromir is mostly dark blue/black , with red and yellow/green specks on his overcoat and upper arm sleeves . The scult on the figure is pretty good . The face -LRB- probably the most important feature -RRB- does look like Boromir , but is slightly off , as if Boromir has aged a few years.The detailing on Boromir is great . Everything he wears looks like the movie , from his shield to his sword . He comes with his big shield , his sword , the horn of Gondor , and a throwing knife.One thing Toybiz does very well is the inclusion of small details that other toy companies miss . I 'm amazed on they can create such fine detail down to the smallest groove . The white tree of Gondor on Boromir 's arm pads look exactly like the white tree , down to the roots . The back of his shield has wood grain ! Toybiz even included his throwing knife that appeared on screen for exactly two seconds -LRB- before becoming embedded in a neck -RRB- . In a nice touch , Boromir 's clothes and cloak have brown smudges on them , suggesting that he 's been traveling for quite a while . Very nice.The only real quibble I have with the Boromir figure is that the face sculpt is only slightly different then that of Sean Bean -LRB- Who did an incredible job as Boromir -RRB- , and that the grip of the hands is not as strong or secure as it could be -LRB- Holding the shield is a really difficult task -RRB- . Other then that , I 'm very pleased that I finally have my own Boromir figure . It 's been a long wait , but it 's been worth it .
 Being a big fan of both Tolkien and Sean Bean , who played Boromir so brilliantly , I bought this figure sight unseen hoping that it would actually look like he did in the movies . And unlike some of the other figurines I 've seen , it really does , even down to Sean Bean 's prominent nose . : -RRB- The only major difference between Boromir in the movies and Boromir the figure is the hair and beard color ... in the movies , they were light brown/dark blonde , while they are dark dark brown on the figure . Which , if you read Fellowship of the Ring , is actually much closer to Tolkien 's own description of Boromir , so it did n't bother me.All in all , an excellent purchase !
 THIS IS A GREAT COLLECTORS ITEM , THE DETAIL IS AMAZING . YOU HAVE ALL THE WEAPONS . THE CHARACTER RESEMBLANCE IS GREAT , THOUGH I DO N'T KNOW WHY HIS HAIR IS DARK BROWN WHEN HE IS BLONDE IN THE MOVIE . THE ONLY THING I CAN THINK OF IS THAT BOROMIR HAD BROWN HAIR IN THE BOOK SO MAYBE THEY WHERE MORPHING IT TOGETHER . BUT STILL IS AN AMAZING FIGURE . THE DETAIL TO THE OUTFIT IS AMAZING FROM THE RED WITH GOLD SPECKED SLEEVES TO THE MUD ON THE CAPE AND SHOES . YOU WONT BE DISSAPOINTED WITH THIS FIGURE .
 Hello , I really like the figure , it is so well made!It is a very nice toy , one more for my collection ! thanks a lot !
 First let me start out by saying , OUTSTANDING TOY . Everything about Boromir is awesome ! The detailing on Boromir is amazing . It is a must have for every and any lord of the rings or hobbit fan . Boromir is also quite durable . He stands about 6 inches tall and has all the accessories I list below ... SwordShieldHorn of GondorHe is very articulated and perfect for play or display . NO LORD OF THE RINGS COLLECTION IS COMPLETE WITHOUT BOROMIR !!!!!!
 This is most defenatly the most awsome action figure ever . I rated this figures over all review 5 stares because it has a little bit of education because you can kind of learn about what it was like when people welded sworsds as fighting wepones . Pluse parents , if you are reading this review right now you will not find it for cheeper . And , this figure is so rare the only other price I found on the entire web was $ 14.95 . Plus this figure is my best figure in my entire collection . Take it from a crazy 12 year old Collector .
 i DONT KNOW WHAT TO SAY ... GOOOD SWORD ... GOOOD SHIELD ... NICE GRIP ... AND AN EXCELLENT PAINTING JOB ... GeT ONE OF THESE FIGURES BEFORE THERE SOLD OUT ... OR BEFORE THERE PRICES SKYROCKET ... BOROMIR CAN BECOME A VERY EXPENSIVE FIGURE ... SO GET YOURS NOW ...
 We have had this toy for a couple of years , now , it has been lots of fun and has held up great.ours still looks brand new.My son is now 6 and he loves it , still .
 We love this truck . Son got it for Christmas with his Mega Cement Mixer truck . He has some much fun with this truck . Great price , quality and duarability .
 I bought this toy on sale for less than 5 bucks.The toy is of very good quality.I did not expect it to be this big.Very nice toy
 Pleasantly surprised by this toy . It is rather large and the crane is actually operational . I would not buy the toy for the sounds and lights . There is one button that lights up and makes a noise . It is n't much to write home about . Good sturdy fun toy overall .
 i bought for my 2 years old boy and he is very happy using it everyday ... also has nice sounds and the crane go up and down and turn around .
 Isildur was the son of Elendil . I have bought the papa , and now the son ! And if you have a Sauron figure and perhaps the Elves like gil-galad you will have a epic battle on your hands . Isildur is a important figure for he defeats Sauron by cutting off his One Ring of Power and thus destroys him ... -LRB- A lot of you might know this ... -RRB- But did you know Isildur gets drowned in the river because he failed to throw the Ring into the fiery mountain . Elrond I bet was not too sad for the yougun prince . Poor guy . He saved the Tree of Numenor before the island was destroyed and brought it to Gondor . So he was really a good man and small like Aragorn but he turned out like Gollum . So buy this cool figure and have fun . Maybe you can take him for a swim in the bathtub and recreate that scene where he loses the ring in the river and the orcs stick him with arrows . Just do n't let him go down the drain ...
 Ok if you dont know who Isildur is ... he 's the guy who cut off Sauron 's hand in the beginning of The Fellowship of the Ring . . This is an excellent figure with a great likeness to Isildur as he was in the movie . Now listen to my review of the Isildur action figure ... > Comes with a removable helmet . > Has a good non-bendy sword . > Has no sword slashing action . -LRB- Not everyone will agree with me on this , some people like the sword slashing action . -RRB- > His armor is incredibly detailed , it is the best part of this figure . > He is somewhat poseable , but his pauldrons -LRB- shoulder armor -RRB- makes it difficult to make him have his sword raised . > Like I say in all my action figure reviews ... LOTR toys get kids into reading the Tolkien Trilogy ... -LRB- < < I also wrote this on another action figure called Theodred . -RRB- > Isildur is a standout figure in any collection . > He is not screaming . LOLWell that 's about all I can say ... collector or kid Isildur is an excellent figure to buy . EASTERLING CAPTAIN -LRB- NJ -RRB-
 First , these blocks are 1 3/4 -- 1.75 -- inches tall/square . That is an excellent size . On one side is embossed the capital letter and border design , and the lower case of the same letter is embossed with a border design on the opposite side.Each block is all the same color -- they come in dark colors of red , blue and green . The designs of images starting with the letter -- same letter as embossed on two sides of the block -- are the same color , and very neat and distinct . They include a picture and a name for each design/side . They are very interesting to look at.The tray is not as tall as the blocks , which makes it easier to reach in and remove a block . There are also two block spaces empty , which helps with removing one , too.This is a GOOD set of alphabet blocks . I am pleased with them .
 These are the best toy I have ever gotten my girls in my opinion . They are really vintage looking and I love the designs on them and the colors are so great . They are also the perfect size and not a choking hazard at all ! I was worried about that because I ordered them for my 8 month old , but it is not an issue . You will love these blocks ! I wish I could find more awesome vintage type toys like these . All the electronic toys need batteries and just do n't feel the same .
 My son is 22 months old and loves to play with his blocks . He loves to look at the pictures and say what he sees . I like that the corners on the blocks are rounded off a little bit so they will not hurt himself or scratch the table .
 This is a great set of blocks ! I was really glad to find blocks that have pictures that correspond with the letters on the blocks -- so many just have random pictures and letters on each block . The tray is not very useful in our house -- we just use a bucket to put the blocks in when we 're finished . I only wish this set had more blocks so that we could make more words . Other than that this is a must for a house with toddlers !
 I bought these blocks for my 2 1/2 year old , and she loves them . They can entertain her for quite a stretch of time . The quality is excellent . I think they are worth the extra splurge .
 We got these blocks for our 15 month old and they are great ! I love that the blocks display the upper and lower case , and that the pictures on the sides of the blocks start with the correct letter . Some letter blocks just have random pictures . Great size for little hands too , and fun for kids to stack . I would definitely recommend these blocks .
 Product received packed well and in good shape . Typical Melissa & Doug quality , blocks and holding tray should last a lifetime . Perfect sized blocks for toddlers , with sharp colored pictures . Price was better than in stores .
 Being a huge Tolkien fan I have been very impressed with the detail and quality of the Toy Biz products . Legolas has long been a favorite character and the Mirkwood version is by far my favorite that Toy Biz produced . With many points of articulation and small parts this is a fine display piece for me ; although I 'm sure many will find quality play enjoyment out of it .
 This Legolas that i recently bought off of amazon was kinda cool . I liked the fact that it came with his original Mirkwood weaponry . The thing that i did n't like was that he looked a little cross eyed . But i dont think that happened to all of these . The arrows looked a little cheap but overall i liked it !
 OK , so ToyBiz has made who knows how many Legolas figures -- I do n't bother to keep track -- but they have finally made THE BEST Legolas figure here to date -LRB- at least , in my opinion -RRB- . Just goes to show practice makes perfect . So , on with the show ... The weaponry is by far the best part of this figure . The white knives actually look the pearl-white they 're supposed to be , and the scale is precise
 item i recived was as described and arrived on time . i am an avid collector of any thing related to lotr , the hobbit and any thing jrr tolkien . item will perfectly with all my other lotr toy biz action figures . thinks for the item and hope to do business with you in the future .
 LOVELY monkey ! It 's perfect for my one year old niece who walks around holding the monkey by it 's hand . It adds to her personality .
 I bought this for my grandson before he was born . He loves it . He is 1 yr . old now & I have washed it several times . I do n't know what we are going to do when it wears out if we ca n't find a replacement . If anyone knows where I can purchase this item please let me know .
 I bought these for a few different reasons and have n't had a problem with them for any of my projects.There are a few blemished and not straight sticks in every handful , but overall they are straight and flat enough for me.They came quickly and in good shape and unless you are looking for perfect precision in your Jumbo craft sticks , they are great .
 These sticks are well made . I bought them after seeing the viral video of the `` cobra weave stick bomb '' and these sticks work perfectly . They would be good for arts and crafts also .
 This is a very cool Luke Skywalker 3.75 inch action figure . Taken straight out of the opening scenes of RETURN OF THE JEDI in Jabba 's palace , Luke is swathed in a black cloak and cowl -LRB- both rubberized -RRB- , and comes armed with a lightsaber . To have Luke brandish his lightsaber the cloak has to be pushed out of the way of his hands which otherwise are concealed under the cloak -LRB- as is the rest of him -RRB- . Although the figure is n't incredibly well articulated , it is surprisingly impressive , and looks especially good posed next to -LRB- or dueling with -RRB- a Darth Vader figure.Men in black . Like father like son .
 This was a birthday gift for my son and he loves it . I thought the action figure would have been a little bigger , but as long as he is happy is all that matters .
 The kid is a Star Wars fan , he wants everything , this is one of them and it is good quality
 Okay , we have n't had this phone long . But it is n't too loud , and it makes a variety of sounds instead of just a couple annoying ones . It rings with different tones -LRB- just phone sounds on the learning mode ; the fun mode has three songs -- `` The Farmer in the Dell , '' `` A Tisket , a Tasket '' -LSB- or maybe it 's `` Ring around the Rosie '' -RSB- and `` Twinkle , Twinkle , Little Star '' -RRB- and also plays snippets of conversation or a voice speaking the names of numbers that are pressed . In the fun mode , red lights flash in the green frame around the screen ; in the learning mode , red digital numbers light up on the screen.Our 13-month-old sat down on the floor of the store to play with the toy until we took it away from him , and he played with it more in the car and at home . I 'm hoping it will distract him from our cordless phone.We have n't found an on/off button , but the sound is quiet enough that I 'm not too worried about it .
 This phone has kept both my now 11 month old and my 2 1/2 year old occupied and interested for almost a year now . It was my 2 1/2 year old 's phone first and she loved it as much as the baby now does.I only recommend , once purchasing this , to replace the batteries . The other reviewer pointed out that when the buttons on her phone were pushed the phone would say the wrong numbers . This only happens when the batteries are getting low , so it 's a good indicator of when to replace them.Once the new batteries are in , it works like a charm all over again!This is the only electronic toy my kids own and I am SO thankful it 's quiet .
 This product does not retail for this price . You can get a better deal just about anywhere else.But it 's a great product . My kid plays with it all the time . It died when it met the toilet , so I 'm about to get another one -LRB- not at this price -RRB- , but it held up great before that .
 I got this for my dtr when she was a baby . She is now 5 and still loves this phone . We still have it around the house somewhere . This phone is very durable . It 's a typical hard plastic with rubber like buttons . There are two modes . In the learning mode , the display shows digital numbers 0-9 when the corrisponding button is pressed . In the fun mode , it has a light show . When a button is pressed , it plays one of a number of songs . Not all of the buttons play songs . ONe of them - my favorite - I think it 's the number 5 button - says `` I love you '' . It 's so cute !! And , there is a volume control switch for hi and low . The sound is not terribly loud on hi and when it 's on low , it 's great !! I woudl recommend this to any of my friends and other parents !! Great toy !!!!
 sturdy phone especially for the dropping phase the child goes thru . Buttons are big enough for a little one to press and enjoy .
 Winter Fantasy Barbie is one of the highlights of Mattel 's 2003 line . This doll is just gorgeous . Her face paint is lovely , with exotic-looking light blue eyes , smoky and pale lavender eyeshadow , and soft rosy lips . Her hair , a rich golden blond with a few lighter streaks near her face , is elegantly styled into an up-do , with an array of curls and braids piled behind her tiara . A few long curls hang down her right shoulder.The white costume consists of a long white velvet coat , lined in front , with faux fur collar and cuffs . The coat is fitted on top , sewn to the undergown at the waist so it stays in place , and flares to a full , sweeping skirt . The undergown consists of a white dress and mesh overlay , adorned with silver glitter . The bodice of the undergown is very fitted , but the skirt is fuller , and the siver mesh overlay forms graceful folds below the belt . The underskirt does n't go all the way around ; the back half of it is plain white netting , so if you wanted to take off the coat this might be a drawback . The belt is made of a silvery material , with faceted pieces that catch the light and an antiqued finish . It goes round her waist on a silvery chain , which does go all the way around her waist -- no faking here . The tiara is made of the same material as the belt , with a similar design and finish . She has white high-heeled pumps under her costume.The packaging for this doll is excellent . There is a window in back , so she can be viewed from either side , and she is attached to a clear piece of plastic inside the box with nearly invisible fastenings . There are two silvery trees packaged with her as well . When the light shines into her box , her dress sparlles like ice . The doll displays beautifully.I was n't too much of a fan of the holiday barbies in the past , but the elegance and beauty of this one , the first in a new series , was irresistable . Highly recommended for collectors !
 This is one of the most beautiful Holiday Barbie Dolls ; and I have them all . I love the way mattel is packaging their limited additions . I love to display my collection in my home and this way I can put her on a shelf or put her in my display cases . If you are a collector you should try and get this one . It is not really a doll to play with unless you buy two , but I love looking at her and when I have company they love looking at my collection .
 I love this Barbie . She is in a wonderful box , gorgeous outfit and all around just awesome to add to my collection ! Definitely one to keep in the box and put it up !
 I BOUGHT THIS DOLL YEARS AGO WHEN IT FIRST CAME OUT.I THINK SHE 'S BEAUTIFUL !! NEVER TOOK HER OUT OF THE BOX.STILL IN MY DISPLAY CASE . EVERY SERIOUS DOLL COLLECTORSHOULD HAVE ONE IN THEIR COLLECTION . SHE IS WORTH IT !!
 The Doll is just gorgeous . Has a beautiful face and hairdress . Would say looks like a Siberian queen , very elegant . The box is suited with some frozen branches with a traslucid blue background , a winter forest .
 Hi , i am really into collecting dolls , mostly the japanese bandi sailor moon dolls , as well as the itanian ones too . but I do also collect specailty barbie dolls , and for this price how could you go wrong ? This is a beautiful doll , all in white , and very deatiled face ! No need to get this doll customized ! she 's very durable , but I do recommend not to remove her form the box . -LRB- that is if you want to keep this doll in perfect condition -RRB- otherwise if this doll is for a child , and you do n't mind spending that much money on a `` play doll '' , then let the child at it !! Anyway this doll rates very well with me , and I 'm very picky about wich dolls are considered art , and this one is !! so do n't wait to get your hands on this one , they do sell out rather quickly !!
 shes a gorgeous wintery one to get very happy to have gotten this one her gown is very nice looks like wintery snow All good for shipment and condition would recommend this seller and holiday barbie
 Get the amazing product fast , and very satisfied!A +
 I was looking for a Power pack with enough power for the rather large LGB train , and one where the lights in the cars did not dim much as it slowed down -LRB- the PWC feature -RRB- . The train is from the early 1980 's and the power pack I had was even older , and needed to be replaced . This power pack works well with this train , and the lights in the cars only dim slightly as it slows down . The top speed is not super fast but if the train went much faster it might leave the tracks . It also seems to deal with shorts well ; it cut the power when I accidentally put some metal across both tracks , and worked fine when I removed the short .
 A Model Life is from the high end collector BFMC series . The doll is a ` silkstone ' - made of a vinyl plastic that is similar in weight and texture to porcelain . Since she is in the BFMC series , her clothing and accessories are of the highest quality . Most BFMC dolls also have vintage faces.The outfit in this set is quite lovely . The pink crepe silk undershirt is especially exquisite and quite lovely all by itself without the jacket ! It has ruffles in the front and a beautiful large tie-bow at the waist . The suit is made of a nubby grey/black fabric and is fully lined with matching pink silk . One detractor on the suit coat is that -LRB- as with most coats/suits in the BFMC line -RRB- the jacket does n't ` hang ' normally and instead balloons out like a tent . The set comes with all the accessories suitable for a model . A real stand out in the set is a gorgeous pearl and diamond pin to place on the lapel of the coat.The doll is lovely though I 'm not a fan of fuzzy bangs in the front . For me , the value in the set was that gorgeous pink top - one of my favorites to dress and display.One caution is that the outfit is fully lined - so it can be very tight in the arm holes and hard to get on . Since the doll is made of silkstone and not vinyl material , they are a tad more brittle than plastic . I broke a thumb off trying to get the suit on the doll as a result -LRB- and getting the suit on took over an hour ! -RRB- . In all , I do love the outfit and I 'm glad I purchased it . I just wish it was n't so hard to get it on her .
 I adore this Silkstone gift set . I am a big Silkie collector , and this one is a stand-out . The doll is gorgeous and the fashion is truly amazing ! Kudos to Mattel on this one !
 A Model Life Giftset - 2003 - Limited Edition - Barbie Fashion Model Collection
 My 4 year old daughter got this for Christmas from her aunt . If you get this toy , beware ! There are little pellets of dog food that get everywhere . My 5 yr old thought it was fish food and put it in the fish tank located on top of this toy . I spent 15 minutes fishing out dog food.Speaking of the fish tank , it leaks . I have drops of water everywhere.While this toy is fun , the pieces get everywhere . If you 're into Barbie , go with just the dolls and outfits and skip all of these annoying toys .
 Barbie sweets sounds Pet Shop is a very fun way to play and it teaches kids to count money . -LRB- example-counting how much bag of dog food and a puppy -RRB- Anyway this is a fun product that barbie should be proud of.I love it .
 I bought this for my 4 year old daughter . She is not that into barbie , but she loves animals . On her birthday she played with this for about 4 hours . She is still playing with it . My son is 6 years old and he was playing with it too . He wants one for his birthday . : -RRB- It is definitely worth buying !!!
 My daughter -LRB- 7 years -RRB- loved playing with this pet shop with the animals , but not with Barbie . The fish bowl , dog wash station and critter cages are fun , but the dog food bucket is a disaster . I should have vacuumed up all the dog food from the start because that 's what I 've been doing ever since we got the set !
 My 4 yr . old received this item as a Christmas gift . Both her and her 7 yr . old sister have played with it frequently . There are several little pieces included , and all kinds of pets . They even enjoyed it without the water feature and then were amazed when I filled the fish tank with water . They had fun bathing the pets and catching the fish .
 My daughter loves this toy . She plays with it everyday ! I already had to put new batteries in it . Thats the first thing her friends all want to play also every time they 're over.Mom from PA. .
 My granddaughter , age 5 , is totally enthralled by the pet shop . She can play for hours , rearranging the shop , caring for `` sick '' animals and helping her customers . It 's a wonderful toy . The pet food can get messy , but she just cleans up and it 's a good learning situation for her . I highly recommend this shop .
 Well , I got this toy second hand at my schools Summer fete and love it . I like to play pets and I have fun with all my Barbie 's . When I play with this sometimes I pretend I am a pet-shop owner and I feed animals . I realise what a responsibility animals are with this toy . I suppose I should n't have put I wrote -LRB- In red permanent pen -RRB- ` The shop of Esther pets ' on the wall ! the barbie wall , not my bedroom wall . I also keep little Barbie earrings -LRB- From my earring Barbie -RRB- in tis set . I found it a pretty little Barbie bag so I can carry it round with me . the set has too many pieces for when I 'm in the car , but in waiting rooms and things it is a great toy . I did n't read other reviews but I KNOW I would hate to see negative comments about this toy on my laptop screen . whenever I am bored , this toy stops my boredom , I love to play all the time with my Barbie 's and my Granny knitted a white dress for them . It keeps my Sports Barbie warm . when I got this set it was second hand and you wo n't believe this ... . I got it for 50p ! My Barbie 's have what I call ` pet parties ' here . I like to have pet parties . all parents , here is a good thing to do , like I said earlier . get a storage bag for this toy . things seem easier then . Oh by the way , Bratz fit in here . I personally do n't like Bratz , but Bratz fans can play Bratz pet-shop time with this cool set , or as my cool classmate would say `` Totally hip-chic and rockin ' round da town '' Sigh , language . oh , actually , my cool friend would say that but not about a BARBIE product . Barbie is sometimes considered babyish even though it is n't . but all you parents , I like it when you review , because I think I can trust you more than a child . but children 's reviews DEFINETLY matter , because this review , what i am trying to say Rocks ! I do n't mean to say it looks like its going to tip over , but it is cool , not cool so the pets freeze but it is a good toy , yes it is . well there are quite a few bits but that adds to my major collection of Barbie products . I have a Miz Petite doll that likes to play here and all my little baby Barbie 's are so sweet and enjoy playing here . have I made a really long review ? I think so ! well the longest one so far but I 'm sure I will soon be competing in length with another reviewer coming after me . this toy is quite portable with my storage bag and VERY durable . I like toys r us products , including this one . My favourite toy is my Baby Annabell but this one comes a close second !
 Barbie sweets sounds Pet Shop is a very fun way to play and it teaches kids to count money . -LRB- example-counting how much bag of dog food and a puppy -RRB- Anyway this is a fun product that barbie should be proud of.I love it .
 I went to my friends house and played with this toy we set it up and put the sound on then her 3 year old sisteer came and noked it down it onely took us 2 minuts to set it up again then we took everything out and put in the happy family vanand drove all over the house when i got home i found this toy
 it is cute but it shud be cheper !
 I am 12 but this toy is just so cute I could n't resist !! I just love this little petshop ! I gave it 5 * 's for fun because the animals are just so real and FUN to play with and it even makes sounds ! I gave it 5 * 's for education because you learn how to take care of animals and to count money . I gave it 4 * 's for durability because it comes with little pieces that are hard to hold on to . J ust use a zipper bag . This toy really boosts emagination and can make an animal lover uot of anyone ! , So if you are a barbie fan , nomatter what age , this is a must have ! -LRB- Hey , did I mention it makes animal sounds ?!! -RRB-
 A great toy . Well made . Lots of tiny parts that might get lost but ca n't help that with this type of product . Comes with these little plastic pellets to use for animal food but I got sick of fishing them out of the fish tank and such in order to dump the water out between play . We threw the pellets away and use grape nuts cereal now . It is the same size as the pellets but when the kids are done , we just have them put all the little accessories in a small storage box we gave them for their pet shop . Then we just dump the thing upside down in the sink and wipe down the surface . The grape nuts go right down the sink and we do n't have to worry about each of those plastic things in our old plumbing system . If you do n't like mess , the kids can play of course without all this and it is fun too . Just make the pellets dissapear from the beginning and they 'll never know what they missed ! And it is still alot of fun with just their imagination . We have had this for over a year and my 4 and 6 year old still play with it every few days with all kinds of little animal figures . A good buy .
 This is absouletley amazing my 12 year old daughter even started to play with my youger one is is great and keeps the kids busy while you work and also this is at a -LSB- good -RSB- p price.Come on youll have fun i enjoyed it to it is c
 I purchased this a few months ago for my eight-year-old 's birthday - it is one of her favorite toys ! She is not a Barbie collector , but plans on owning a pet store some day , so this was perfect . I can even have fun pretending with her - we take turns being the shop owner and customer -LRB- I love to drive her nuts with customers calling in with crazy questions , while she 's `` ringing up '' my total ! -RRB- . This is not something she can have out when her tornado of a little brother is around -LRB- too many small pieces -RRB- , but she enjoys setting it up for some good pretend time when he 's asleep!All in all , it 's a great toy , with small pieces but lots of nice surprises - animal sounds , a cash register that opens , and a hamster that runs around his cage -LRB- he 's magnetic , you control him from behind the wall -RRB- and even a hamster wheel . Lots of fun !
 This is Awesome its edu because you pay money to by a puppy or a fish . And fun because you can end up playing for up to two hours !
 My daughter loves this -LRB- even though her other barbies are n't played with much -RRB- . My major complaint is the pellet pet food - do yourself a favor and discard it . The tiny rabbits and frogs tend to get lost , but my daughter does n't seem to mind . She has spent many happy hours with it . Well worth the purchase !
 This toy is alot of fun.But the box shows more cats and dogs.Oh well , the little bunnies are pink why Pink ? The could of made them white.I like the sounds and the cute pets.The food pellets make a big mess though other than that it is a good toy .
 This barbie pet shop is pretty cool , and its hours of fun ! Its educational cause you can pretend to buy pets for money , and you learn that you have to breed wash , and feed the pets , and it also makes plenty of animal sounds ! Has TONS of Pets !
 This toy is wonderful . My daughter loves to play with water and there is a little fish aquarium and a place to wash and clean the animals . There is so much to do and so many animals to play with . This toy last a long time for activities and attention and I highly recommended this toy even without playing with a Barbie . You can play with this toy just by itself .
 I have many Barbie dolls and was looking for a case to store their clothing in . This case is perfect . It is very well made and reminds me of the original ones made years ago .
 The bear is adorable and my boyfriend who is an avid bear lover thinks the bear is great too . The compnay sent personal emails to confirm my address which shows they are dedicated to the customer . Great purchase . I 've order more from the company ever since I bought this little guy .
 this is a nice sturdy car as are the other cars in the series but it says matchbox in good sized letters across the side of the truck . you ca n't really see that in the picture because it is blurred . It is boxed nice and would be a nice gift for someone who collects but I wish it did n't say matchbox on the side of it . it cheapens it some .
 I bought this for my son for Christmas . It was a great price and investment . He likes hearing the car and it was very easy to put together unlike most other toys .
 My son has enjoyed this toy lots ... It was given to him from his grandmother for Christmas . We seemed to have the same problems with the car , but it still moves . It seems like the gears are getting caught up and some teeth are even missing , so we have to push it along when it stops . I called fisher price to let them know of my problem . Before I called I looked to see others reviews . I told Fisher price that other people were having the same problem and told them about some of the ideas that were listed on here . They told me that they have not received any other complaints that they have heard of from this product . They worked with me on the issue and I am very satisfied with the outcome . It is a good thing to let the supplier know if there is something wrong with the product so they can learn from their mistakes and try to make the product better and more durable for the kids . But all in all , we love the toy !!!
 Our 1-yr-old son received this as a birthday gift and loves it . He quickly learned that to push the driver 's head down would make the car go around the track -LRB- or along the hardwood floors . -RRB- He sits back and shakes his hands around and around just watching the car go -LRB- excitement ! -RRB- He plays with this for spurts of time each day and we 've had to replace the batteries once in almost 3 months . We 've had no problems with the car not moving -LRB- except when the 1st set of batteries wore down . -RRB- Our 4-yr-old daughter even likes it at times .
 This is perhaps one of the greatest presents I 've ever given my nephew . He loves it and it 's fun to watch him get so excited about the car -LRB- just the right size for him -RRB- and the racing . He especially enjoys `` fixing '' it .
 My son received this for his first birthday ! We all love it . It is so much fun to listen to the different sounds as the car makes its way around the track . It is easy to put together and he enjoys sitting in the middle of the race track playing with the car . It is a great idea for car enthusiasts . . like us !
 We love little people , and this one is a must have ! It is so cute and with the push of the drivers head the car goes around the track . My 2 year old son loves it !!
 This is the best toy for anyone . I own it . It looks best when its cloth is on Shiryu . Also when you put the cloth on the dragon it also is cool . I bought mine at KB toys . Any fan of Saint Seiya or Caballeros Del Zodiaco or Knights Of The Zodiac will love this toy !
 A welcome addition , once I painted it . Adds fun to the set and when placed in a ` forested ' section it is a fun discovery for others viewing my train set .
 as always the tamiya tank and all tamiya products , you cant find a better product , as for the person who wrote that the description did not state that you had to put this model together he needs to better glasses !
 I own this action figure , it 's fun to place the armor of Phoenix on the Legendary Bird , and also putting it on the Ikki Himself , I 'd recomend this action figure for any person who likes the show Knights of the Zodiac.it 's very rare to find this action figure on stores , I got mine at target , nad is recomended to just anybody who likes action figures or colects them ^ ^
 Our 5-year old loves this bat and it has helped open up bat discussions on our house . We now have bat houses , bat books , and so forth . It 's soft and cute . The magnets make it a little more fun since the bat can hang from metal edges in the house , be `` put to bed '' and so on . It is holding up well under the strain of lots of love from its owner .
 A typical North American Bat or even European can eat up his weight of insects in on e night of hunting!Preserving the e crops from being destroyed!Bats are protected the world over!they are so useful to the economy!And they make us dream , like this fantastic and not a tall expensive little plush toy!I have mine on my office !!! it decorates nicely and makes visitors ask if i am a Batman fan!can decorate the inside of a car or any place dear to you !
 After a trip to the library where my boys found several books about bats , and they were hooked . Then we took a trip to the zoo where they had several plush bats that the boys wanted , but I put it off . Christmas is here and they have been asking for bats once again , so I ordered this . Really cute , and I will be giving it with some stories about bats . They will be happy !
 Like other people said , The cord could be longer , Cant wait to try it on someone . Best to use it in a dark area to hide the cord .
 So much fun to play with and I am 12 years old ! Everyone fell for it ! BUY IT ! GREAT PRICE !
 i was on a fishing trip and bought this with me to do some pranks but then it gave me an idea to try fishing with this after about 3 mins i saw this thing moving and i pressed the button and the fish landed in my hand and then it fell !!!! all i did was attach the orange floating thing then put on a hook
 I remember the days where we used to use these , and they provided hours of entertainment for everyone . if you are into pranks I highly reccomend getting one , or possibly two.I gave the bill snatcher 4 stars because it is actually quite easy to see the line with light reflecting off of it , but during the night it is very discrete . Also , be careful when using it because people stepping on the dollar can snap the end of the string basically breaking it.For such a cheap price I would get 2
 It works just fine for what I wanted and the price was right . Nothing more I can say about it
 this product is a classic . no matter how old you are , nothing better than seeing someone get all excited for a `` found '' dollar . . only to watch it disappear from their grasp !! HAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHEducation value
 this is the best toy ever !!!!!!!! i had a lot of fun using it . u should buy it to !!!!!!!
 This is one of the best if not THE best of the Alternators line . It 's a sleek black Jaguar that turns into Ravage ... the cat not the robot . What a totally awesome toy . He looks great next to my Wheeljack , Smokescreen , and Battle Ravage figures . He is sturdy enough for a kid to play with , and not too complicated once you figure out the first conversion . He 's very poseable and jointed . Looks great in both cat and car forms , very detailed . His head and neck turns and mouth opens . Very sweet and a must-have for any Ravage fan .
 The transformer arrived in good time , in great shape and was exactly what my grandson wished for . He has a collection of transformers and had wanted a Jaguar for some time . He was excited about filling the spot for a Jag and I was happy to do it . It came in perfect shape , including the box.This was an Amazon Verified Purchase .
 Much bigger than I expected , which is definitely a plus ! An amazing replica that 's very detailed . I was really happy when I opened the box and saw how awesome he was . Totally worth every cent .
 bratz babyz are the best.i have every single doll of every single babyz brand cos my dad makes bratz babyz and so i always get them , but i dont mean to brag.i made them a gigantic house where they all get a bedroom with pillows and blankets and they got a wardrobe each there are slso 6 spare bed rooms and 5 play rooms and 4 bathrooms . there are also 2 kitchens.i baptised them all and they all have godparents.i am a godmother to my cousins jade and i love her to peices.i hate tess and nona so i got them off dad and i teased them.people should not complain about their clothes cos the things they think are thongs are nappies!rebeca.ps buy bratz babyz and take great care of them they are great!take my advice you will be glad you will.from rebeca .
 I think Bratz have came into my style . I used to think that Bratz were ugly . But now I do n't mind my Bratz babyz toy that I got it got yesterday -LRB- 17.12.05 -RRB- I got it with my Christmas money . I thought it was worth it lots and I wish I had more . I am going on hoilday and I have some money so I can buy some Bratz babyz on hoilday . So I looking forward to it . I have Cole and one of the Bratz ponyz as well . So I hope you will buy this for your child .
 I love bratz they rule !!! Barbie is dumb . My friends are barbie haters . Bratz should be Queens . Barbie should be sevents . BRATZ RULE !!!!
 I 'm Not a Big fan of Cloe but i love Yasmin , Roxxi , and Pheobe.My vetatiran barbie is the mom an my blanie is there father . an the wild life safari Yasmin is the big sister.and yes they live in the a doll house . IT have a 4 bed rooms , 1 kitchen , 1 livig room , 5 bathroom . Here a tip 4 you use barbie assicores.The wild life safi Yasmin i had to change her name because they will be 2 yasmin
 THIS PUZZLE IS SO FULL OF COLOR . IT IS ALWAYS SUCH A PLEASURETO WORK THE GREAT AMERICAN PUZZLE FACTORY PUZZLES . THEY ARE COLORFUL , BUSY , STURDY PIECES , AND JUST A LOT OF FUN .
 My toddler received this for Christmas and really likes the boat . As far as the other parts of the toy they get limited use . The boat will seat almost any other `` Lil People '' but on occasion some of their hands get in the way causing them to fall off . If I had it to do over I would buy it again just because he likes to play with the boat .
 Our kids love this toy -LRB- both were about 1 when they started using it -- our oldest is 4 , and she still enjoys playing with it -RRB- ! One reviewer mentioned that she did n't like that the boat did n't float . There are so many floating boats out there already . This boat is great because it can travel all around the living room , no water necessary ! It 's even educational because the kids can set the direction of the boat -- straight , or to go in circles . They love watching it put-put along , with or without the water skis attached . The campground that comes with it is fun , also . The Little People can sleep in the tent , play in the hippo pool , play checkers , or sit in the lifeguard stand .
 This set is adorable . The tent and play campfire , and the lifeguard stand and umbrella has all kinds of pretend play possibilities . My Grandson went pop-eyed over the boat , with all of it cute little tunes and boat noises . It goes great with any of the play houses , where the kids can campout in the back yard . Fun for grown-ups and kids alike . Buy it and see .
 My child enjoyed playing with it . The boat is really cute . It was well worth the money . Long lasting playset .
 Cute toy , decent price . I bought this for my nephew and he seemd to enjoy it .
 This a cute gift to give to any little girl -LRB- or boy -RRB- who likes pink and who likes horses . My 5 year old niece loves it ! It 's pretty well made too so it was last a long time .
 Cutest little horse purse -- soft and durable . Little 4 year old loves it and keeps her dollars and coins safely hidden away in the slotted pony -- almost like a secret compartment .
 We gave this to my 9 year old Ty-crazy daughter for her birthday . She 's also horse crazy , so of course she thought it was wonderful . The one complaint that she does have is the size of the interior . It is a stuffed animal , after all , so it 's a little puffy on the inside . She ca n't use it for everyday wear because she would n't be able to fit all of the items she finds necessary to carry.We decided to put a little money in it and I could only fit about $ -LSB- ... -RSB- in crumpled ones . I suppose that worked in our favor ... < < g >> Overall , it 's a really cute item for the Ty-loving little girl . However , if she does actively carry a full purse , be aware that this is just one of those accessories to go with her favorite little pink dress .
 My husband got this for Christmas , and just looking at it I figured I would NEVER figure it out , but it really was quite easy to learn and we love to play it as a family with our girls -LRB- 10,16 -RRB- . It takes a bit of strategy , but is not overly difficult .
 The Thief of Baghdad -LRB- a 2007 Spiel des Jahres finalist -RRB- is a light strategy game for 2-4 players . While the rules are not very complicated -LRB- once you understand them -RRB- there is surprising depth to the possible strategies . The object of the game to to steal treasure from the temples of Baghdad by maneuvering enough of your thieves into the temple to carry away the gold while at the same time thwarting other players from doing the same . To help in this quest you have convinced some of the palace guards to join your side . These guards , when stationed at the temple door , will help you bride other guards to let your thieves in or make it more difficult for other players to sneak their thieves into the temple they are set to plunder . This game plays in 30 minutes to an hour -LRB- depending how many players you are playing with and how familiar you are with the game -RRB- . The artwork on the temple cards and board is eye catching and the quality of the game components is top notch . My only complain with this game is that the instructions are organized and worded in ways that make it a little awkward and difficult to understand at first . However , after reading it through a couple times -LRB- it is very short -RRB- and playing the first game , we had no problems from there on out . Overall a nice edition to any game collection and different enough to add a unique experience to your next game night .
 This game is a lot of fun . It is much more challenging and complex then it first appears . It has a simple board with 6 differently colored palaces placed on it . There are 4 sets of differently colored thieves and guards as well as a set of neutral guards . These wooden pieces are well made and quite durable . The artwork on the cards are simple yet quite beautiful as each card simply represents one of the 6 colored palaces.The object of the game is to get your thieves into the palaces and steal a certain number of treasure chests -LRB- based on the number of players , for example with a 4 player game you need to steal 5 chests -RRB- . The complexity of the game comes in when you consider how to move your guards and the neutral guards to hinder other players as well as help yourself . The more guards that are not yours at a palace means placing a thief there costs more cards of the right color , yet you need to have at least one of a different color to be able to place thieves and steal the tresure.Overall I was greatly impressed by the apparent simplicty of the game that was actually a wonderful strategy game . I highly recommend this one .
 I DO N'T KNOW WHERE THEY ARE COMING UP WITH THE BIG HEAD IDEA ... BUT THE DOLL DOES HAVE A SLIGHTLY BIGGER BODY THAN MY OTHER BARBIES . I DID HOWEVER GET THE MEASURING TAPE OUT AND MEASURE HER HEAD COMPARED TO MY OTHER DOLLS HEAD . THERE IS A 1/16 '' OF A DIFFERENCE . NOTHING TO GET WORRIED ABOUT , BUT I GUESS IF YOU ARE PICKY ABOUT WHAT YOU COLLECT THEN THIS DOLL IS N'T FOR YOU . IF YOU COLLECT THEM JUST BECAUSE YOU WANT TO , THEN GET HER .
 I am rather surprised this doll received quite a few negative reviews . At first I was skeptical of buying this doll but at only $ 20.00 plus $ 5.00 to ship , it was worth the risk . I am glad I took this risk . I disagree with the review about her head being too big . Her head is not at all like a Bratz doll . I think she is lovely and a nice addition to my collection . Box and doll in mint condition . Thanks .
 This doll is one of a kind . There is a hidden panel in the back of the box . When opened the panel has photos of every Holiday Barbie Produced previous to this doll . Its a great , unique feature !
 I THINK THE BIG HEAD IDEA IS GREAT FOR BARBIES ... IT LOOKS WAY WAY WAY BETTER ... BUT THAT 'S MY OPINION , RIGHT ? I LIKE IT ... AND ANY OTHER KID WOULD , TOO ... BY THE WAY I 'M 12 !
 I never really had this doll when it first came out.I was 10 at the time and now im 5 years older.I personally think this is the best holiday barbie they have created , and the head is fine .
 I mentioned that I liked dolls to a new friend and when he saw her he had to buy her . She is the quintesential barbie . I would have preferred her in the black version but thats just me . Her beading and glitzy glamour is exquisite . I am so proud to own her !
 I HAVE THIS DOLL IN THE GREEN DRESS . STILL IN BOX . ONE CHRISTMAS I PUT HER ON THE MANTLE OF MY FIREPLACE AND THEN PUT HER ON A SHELF IN A CLOSET AND HAVE N'T SEEN HER SINCE SO I SUPPOSE I DID N'T LIKE HER VERY MUCH . I GUESS SHE 'S A GOOD KEEPSAKE FOR THE COLLECTION . BUT NOT ONE OF MY FAVORITES
 I ordered this game because my family loves to play board games on Holidays , weekends , or whenever we can get together.The age range when we played was 9 to 67 , and we all found it thought provoking and fun.I would recommend this game for families .
 Excellent quality cards and game pieces , fun , thought provoking game play . Great addition to family game night , glad I found it .
 I bought these invitations for my daughter 's third birthday . I did n't care for the care bear designs in stores for other party products so I went searching online and found this funshine bear invite . It 's a standard invite you need to fill out . It 's a nice add-in for the current care bear party themed collection you would find at a party store .
 i 've built this puzzle about three times since i got it , about once a month , and enjoy it every time.keep thinking it will get easier , but it 's my techniques that get better.i also got the other mosaic one of the helen of troy , and am working on that now.these are my favorites of the 20 or so i 've built since october 2009 .
 I do n't know why this toy has such a low rating . It works great , goes fast and my kids love it ! My 10 year old has a blast . She laughs so much when she plays with it . It 's cool the way it twists and flips . It does donuts and wheelies too . The controller is odd , forward is backward but other than that , its great .
 I got this for my 8 year old son . he loves remote control toys but is rough on them . We had the XPV and it last alot more money and lasted 1 week . We have had this toy for a mont. . It has been used just about everyday , by a group of 7-10 year old boys . the battery lasts about 45 minutes of solid use . It charges fine overnight . So far I has held up well and was well worth the price .
 I was looking for a cheetah to add to my stuffed animal collection ever since I saw a video showing one climbing over and sitting on a vehicle hood while on safari . Also , the local zoo was going to name their baby male/female cheetahs after the USA Olympians in track . So , I had to have a cheetah ! While there are several to choose from -LRB- including pink -RRB- , this one was the most realistic looking . The fur is incredibly soft and the cheetah stands up exactly as shown . In other words , it 's purrfect and spot-on in customer satisfaction .
 Good quality , very soft . Bought this for my 6 year old daughter , she really likes it . Fast delivery , only a few days .
 This product arrived very fast and in great condition . Its being used for my daughters 2nd birthday party , so could not rate for toy , but overall its in great shape , glad to have such a pleasant transaction .
 I got this as a gift for a 14 year old boy . He has learned to do it & carries it around `` perfecting & seeing how fast '' he can do it . It must be good as this boy gets bored easy , but loves this puzzle .
 I bought these to upgrade the driveline on my tmaxx truck . They are a lot beefier than the stock plastic pieces .
 Looks just like the picture . I ordered the royal blue and the butterfly came out perfect . I would reccommend this item for many occasions but not as an only wedding favor .
 Extremely well-made `` toy '' with hundreds of precision-fitted parts that are a joy to piece together to form the beautifully detailed ship . Truly stunning and highly recommended ! Mega Bloks is a very impressive , high-quality company .
 Our 8 year old rec 'd this for Christmas this year . He requested `` some big Lego thing '' but when I saw the price on this one -LRB- I got a great deal -RRB- , I could n't pass it up , especially since I knew it would work with all of his other Lego toys . This is one big ship when it 's all put together and very impressive . He has played with it several times since Christmas , even taking time off from playing his beloved Wii , which was the family `` big gift '' this year . He likes the characters , even though he has not seen the movies and likes that he can have his Lego Spiderman guys visit the pirate ship too . LOTS of small pieces , so you might want to buy a sturdy bin to keep everything in when it 's not being played with , but we would definitely recommend this toy .
 My 5 year old son and I put this model together . I would highly recomend this product . We needed model glue on the masts , but all parts fit nicely and we had great fun doing this together .
 We wish to thank Pappy 's Toy Shop for providing and very carefully shipping a veryspecial birthday present for our grandson . The Flying Dutchman ` sailed ' several thousandmiles before reaching its final port of entry -LRB- Jerusalem , Israel -RRB- by way of Texas , Omaha , Nebraska , Amsterdam , The Netherlands , and Israel . Pappy 's Toy Shop carefully packagedthe Dutchman , which was received in Omaha within 3 days of its shipment from Texas.Today , in celebrating his 9th birthday , our grandson received and proudly assembled hisprized addition to the Pirates of the Caribbean series . The ear-to-ear grin on his facewas priceless . Thanks again to the seller and his -LRB- her -RRB- efforts.Don & Judi Ganchrow -LRB- Jerusalem , Israel -RRB-
 I waited for the price to go down on this ship for 2 years . Finally decided to suck it up and buy it for my 7 year old who has loved pirates since he was 2 . Ship has a lot of detail and is huge . About as durable as any of the other lego type ships . Took longer then the others Black pearl , asian ship -RRB- to put togethor , lots of little pieces . My 11 year old played with it almost more then my 7 year old . First time the 11 year old was interested in one of his brothers toys . If your child loves P of the C . It really is a must buy .
 well i got the flying dutchman a while back come back to amazon to find out that its worth 300 dollars and if i screwed up and mistook it for the wrong one all the others are worth at least 200 bucks man this is awesome .
 If you like Pirates of the Caribbean and you like putting stuff together , this is the item for you . I assembled this model with my 18 month old nephew and we had a blast . Or at least I did . He mostly just got in my way . Plus , he kept trying to put the pieces in his mouth , which was really annoying . Maybe when he gets older he 'll appreciate all of the hard work that went into me putting this together for him . Right now , he seems pretty ungrateful . Until then , I 'm going to keep it for him .
 My nephew loved this product . He said it was one of the best presents he had ever gotten on Christmas . Easy to build and u can use it after u build it too ... shoots real cannon balls . His name is Logan and he just turned 8 . Excellent product & review .
 I got this a couple of months ago . This toy is a great gift for any Pirates of the Caribbean fan . For the most part the toy stays together . The only part that falls off a lot is the back flagpole . Still , this toy is very durable . It does have small parts , though . -LRB- do n't get this real young kids -RRB- It took me about an hour to put the whole thing together . You might want some adult supervision if you 're getting this for a pretty young kid . Other than that , this is a great toy and I highly recommend it for any pirate fan !
 Got it for $ 10.99 before Christmas for my 8 year old . He built it himself . I have had to hotglue big parts of the ship because he actually plays with the ship as a toy , but it is awesome , cloth sails , great detail . I wish the blocks held together better , but much of the main sections of the ship can be glued and still leave access to the inside . I would buy this again .
 I was introduced to Tumblin-Dice over the holidays by extended family and loved it ! It is easy to learn and quickly becomes competitive . I ordered the game for myself but was disappointed when I received the `` New Family Edition '' of the game -LRB- More triangular board -RRB- . I was careful to compare the descriptions and images of the editions listed on Amazon . I wanted to buy the original game created by Randy Nash as these photos depict . Instead I received another edition . Although , I have n't played the `` Jr. '' or `` New Family Edition '' , I believe the original edition looks superior ! Fred Distribution promptly refunded my purchase , therefore , I am choosing to buy the original edition from a small game shop . -LRB- My rating corresponds to the 1st edition . I have not played the others , but imagine they are nearly as enjoyable . -RRB-
 For the price this was perfect . Used as a joke for someone 's team name was &#34; big Shiny Disco Balls &#34; . Even tho not BIG it made the point nonetheless ... haha
 My son wanted this to go inside a Halloween pumpkin he decorated to look like a disco . This met the need perfectly . I used a needle and thread to hang it from the &#34; ceiling &#34; of the pumpkin , which was open in front to show two smaller pumpkins &#34; dancing &#34; together inside the disco . A mini-strobe completed the look and he won first prize in his cub scout pack 's annual contest .
 This puzzle was a nice change from the usual ones we get . The pieces were unusual shapes , we are used the the more common ones . My 13 year old daughter ended up putting it together almost by herself . My husband enjoys them the most but he never got a chance to help with this one . It was pretty easy to put together .
 Something about this illustration really captured me . I think it has a bit of a Yellow Brick Road connotation , which I enjoyed . The puzzle is a relatively quick build -LRB- ~ 5 hours -RRB- due to the lower piece count and the distinctiveness of varous parts of the imagery . However , the die-cuts tend to be more radial than strictly horizontal and vertical , which makes for a more challenging assembly due to the nonintuitive twisting and turning of the pieces to make them fit . Because the pieces are larger and the sections of the illusration are so distinct , this may be an ideal puzzle choice for some seniors . The box illustration is large and the color reproduction is very close to the puzzle itself . Highly recommended .
 My little sister was given this doll as a christmas gift from her god mother and loves the doll it cries laughs and talks just fine and it pees when put on its potty and if too late she wets her self and says somthing shes so adorable im going to get her more acssecories for her i think this doll is great and so is the price need i say more ?
 I like this doll we have no problems with her at all . I just need to find out where to get the bottle for the doll . Can anyone help me find out where we can get the bottle?Thanks Vivian
 This is the best doll I have ever boght my daugter it does everthing it says on the box and much more its so cute and loveable unlike a doll I bought her on christmas and it was a love me chou chou doll my daughter liked it at first but then its face got dirty the first day just by the childern rubbing on its face and it did not do anything really but just sit there and it cost about hafe the price more than this great new doll baby darla . This is a great doll for any young girl .
 Looks real but u can tell its a fake if u get real close to the product .
 My kid loves it . I want another one just to leave unopened . the hands and joints are moveable , and it comes with a stand .
 I bought one of these after playing with my coworker 's plastic green tangle in a meeting every week . It was fascinating and I found myself drawn to it . Because of it being plastic it would make creaking noises which werent pleasant but it was still fun to twist around during a meeting . Then I discovered the metal one - no noises at all , heavier , feels better . This thing is great - it looks great just sitting on my desk at work and everyone that stops by ends up playing with it . I ca n't speak for kids but adults seem to love it :-RRB- Team leaders go buy a bunch and hand them out to your employees !
 Love this ! If you want to see it in action do a youtube search for metal tangle toy . As for its durability , I did have to use superglue on it within a few months to repair a link . May need to lube the link joints every now and then to keep from squeaking .
 I literally just received this in the mail . I took it out of the package , played with it for a second and am completely mesmerized . I showed it to my husband , and he has yet to give it back to me . He is still holding it in his hand playing with it . Guess I got ta order another one seeing I will have to fight my husband to get it back.The joints on this tangle are so fluid . It was a little dull but probably just from sitting on a shelf in a warehouse . If you are thinking about getting this , do it . Your hands will not be happier ! Relaxing here I come ... that is after I pull it from my husband 's fingers .
 I have Trichotillomania -- an impulse control disorder where I pull my hair out . It 's very difficult to stop my body from doing damage to myself like this , I could be yelling at myself to stop but do it anyway . It 's uncontrollable , and has no cure . The only therapy those with trich have is finding ways to keep our hands busy and away from our hair . I 've tried many things and they usually only work for a week , tops . Mostly because what ever method I use is simply inconvenient.My chrome tangle came in the mail today ! This thing is doing it 's job and keeping my hands really busy . It 's always with me so if my hand goes up near my eyes -LRB- I pull my eyelashes -RRB- I fill it with my tangle instead and it keeps my hand down . Plus , if it is in my hand -LRB- my left pulls the most -RRB- it makes it hard to pull because my hand is full . I may have had it only for a day but I already know that simply because I can take this with me to class without causing a huge distraction -LRB- like with my dummy blade balisong knife , ca n't even use that on campus ! -RRB- it will really help me for a long time . It 's also small and will fit in my pocket/purse and I wo n't draw too much attention if I 'm using it at places like a restaurant or computer lab around people who do n't know me.If you have Trichotillomania , or you are a skin-picker -LRB- known as Dermatillomania -RRB- I highly recommend you get this . It 's heavy , perfect size , and moves very smoothly , it helps me so much already ! I did n't pull at all today !
 BUY IT !!! If this thing even appeals to you a little , you will NOT be dissapointed.I bought my two year old a Tangle Jr. -LRB- plastic -RRB- because I heard it was so great for sensory development . * I * became addicted and could not put it down !!!! Now , I can not stop myself from picking one up when I see it . They are just so affordable I keep saying `` Oh , now I have one for the car . '' `` I 'll give this one as a gift . '' `` I do n't have this color yet . '' I am in love with this product !!! -LRB- I 'm an adult by the way , and have n't bought myself a `` toy '' in decades . -RRB- I went to the Tangle website and saw this chrome one . I knew I HAD to have it . From the moment I opened the box and felt it I knew that this was the COOLEST , most irresistable thing I 've ever owned in my life . No lie . I sneak it around with me everywhere , and my daughter knows it 's `` Mommy 's toy . '' :-RRB- I tell everyone I know about how much I love them , I 'm a groopie!Also , the customer service at the Tangle company is superb . If you have a problem , they will fix it . They want you to be happy no matter what . So it 's worth every cent . They back up every product they sell with an unconditional LIFETIME gaurentee , so if you think yours is `` loose '' or not right for some reason , they will replace it . There is no risk.Now my problem , I 've got to justify buying the bigger ones.LOVE IT !
 The original price of this item is very misleading . $ 66.00 is the price of a museum sized chrome tangle . The chrome tangle junior is available for about $ 13.50 any time from Tangle . I thought it would be bigger , at least the standard size .
 This hand-held `` puzzle '' toy is better than worry beads . The weight of the chrome version feels great in the hands - it is n't flimsy or plastic-y . If you ever find yourself in need of something to do with your hands/fingers and you want something different than twirling pencils , worry beads , or cracking your knuckles , this is the `` toy '' for you . Just twirling it around your fingers is very relaxing and meditative .
 I did n't buy mine from these people , but just thought I 'd add my two cents . I have a Jr. . Tangle , and sometimes I ca n't put it down ! My friends and coworkers look at me like I 'm strange when I pull it out , but once they play with it for about 10 seconds , they change their mind . I 've actually convinced some people to get their own . Mine has never broken . I know they pop apart and you can move the joints -LRB- mine is multicolored -RRB- . Anyway , I just thought I 'd add my thoughts on it .
 -LRB- The liquid metal , not the planet or Greek god -RRB- . Beautiful and fluid like mercury , but not as lethal or as bad for gold jewelry . You can fiddle with this thing for hours , as the shapes continue to fascinate . Very little synapse firing is needed to enjoy this relaxing diversion while waiting on a software install to finish or for your baked potato to finish cooking in the microwave .
 If you enjoy the TV show `` Charmed '' then you 'll like this game.I would call this game `` Charmed Again '' since it has Paige and not Prue as the third sister .
 IT 's one of the best games I 've ever played , maybe because I am a Charmed Fan . If you are one , you need to have it ! It 's a nice game where you need to battle against The Source and it 's demonds , and It 's not an easy thing to do . You will be playing Cole , Piper , Phoebe and Paige . And it can be played with 2,3 or 4 players ...
 the game is fantstic becaue u get to play the power of three and it is a great game to play ! it allow u to play the three sisters the way u want to play it , the charmed fans will love the game that is based on the hit tv show !
 I bought this because I am a huge fan of Charmed . I love it . I still have it with the rest of my Charmed things unopened because these are really rare to find and I do n't want anything to happen to it , but if you loved Charmed or you are a hardcore fan of Charmed like I am . You will love this game , if you get the chance to find it . Like I said it 's really really rare to find this game on Amazon in english .
 `` Controversy '' is the right name for this game . We could n't stop -- did n't even really play the game after a while , just reading the cards and talking about them . Some of the statements are really controversial ! Some of my hypersensitive friends were uncomfortable sometimes -- the game makes no attempt to be politically correct , that 's for sure -LRB- good balance between very liberal and very conservative statements . Fair And Balanced ! LOL ! -RRB- . Things got heated sometimes , but mostly we had fun talking about the issues raised in the game -- some very funny things , too . I probably would n't have bought this myself -- got it as a gift -- but we had the best time ! The most fun I 've had with a few friends and a bottle of wine in a long time . I 'm buying a bunch of these as gifts for other smart friends . If you have opinions , you 'll definitely like this . -LRB- Most of my college friends love this , but some of my less opinionated friends were n't really that interested . -RRB- -LRB- I also found out a lot about my friends -- some of which I wish I did n't know -- LOL ! -RRB-
 I really enjoy this game . But I must say , not everyone does . If you 're conflict-avoidant -- play something else . If you need to agree with the people around you at all times ... stick with Monopoly or something . For me -- and my one daughter who loves to argue , and is majoring in philosophy for what that 's worth -- this game is a really fun way to spend an evening , without feeling at all that you 've just been passing time , but rather , stimulating your thinking , getting to know yourself and your own thoughts and beliefs better -LRB- maybe reconsidering some of them ; clarifying and getting firmer in others -RRB- , and really getting to know the other people you 're with . What could be better than that ?
 He got it for christmas and took it outside immediatley to play with it . He came back in shortly with water all over him . He said he did it wrong and refilled it . It worked the next time but water still squirted on him . That is OK . We will use it mostly in the summer !
 Arrived in a timely manner and in good condition . It was a gift for my boss 's boss who was making jokes in a training class that the instructor needed to be clearer because `` She rides the short bus . ''
 We ordered this as a gift . This product is nice - we only wish it were possible to find something like this on a smaller scale .
 I bought this bus as a joke for Christmas . This was part of a long running joke between a friend and I . As for the bus it came when it was supposed to and fit the exact description . Since it was for an adult I can not speak as to the value of it actually being played with though .
 Great little bus and the pull back motor works really good.Mine actually came with a STOP sign and not the horizontal No Passing sign as pictured.Also , the doors do not open as described , so I think they sent me a different bus than shown , but still happy with it!It 's a great little toy . Made a great gift for my brother this Christmas , he loved it !
 I purchased these notepads for grandkids . I think they much cuter than the pictures.In fact , I want to order more to have on hand for an inexpensive gift for a small amount of money . Fuzzy and sweet .
 My 2 year old grandson loves to bowl with this set . He is learning excellent hand/eye coordination with this bowling set . We , his mom & dad , and I , grandma , have noticed an increased concentration as he carefully aims the ball toward the `` pins '' . It has carried over to softball . He stares at the ball as it is thrown to him and usually catches it every time ! Before the bowling game usage , it took him 3 - 6 times before catching the softball . This set is so easy to clean since it is made out of washable fabric . Great asset for busy moms!Pint Size Productions Bowling Set
 Adorable set that I purchased for a friend 's child , and will now get one for mine . Extremely plush and I love that you can wash them !!! Great product , I love this manufacturer 's merchandise !
 I have been doing jigsaw puzzles constantly - about 2 or 3 a month since 2005 . I love to do all different pieces , sizes and themes . I bought this puzzle as a gift for a new baby about 2 years ago -- for the parents to make . I just another this same puzzle for my grandson that is 8 months old . I put it together and he loves to look at the bright colors and the animals !!
 Amanda Appletina was in excellent shape when she arrived . I did feel the price was a little high , but this was the one thing my daughter asked for from Santa.The shipping time was SLOW . I ordered on 12/16 , with expedited USPS , but did n't get her until 12/24 . Talk about stressing . I got online to track the package and USPS did n't get the package to mail until 12/20 . So I was not happy with this shopping experience . Sorry .
 My daughters 4 and 6 love the soda pop girls ! They love the different scents -LRB- much like I remember Strawberry Shortcake dolls growing up -RRB- . But these come in cute little soda pop bottles with a pet that also has a different scent to them . The pets are much like the littlest pet shop toys which they also love.These dolls are really cute and still a favorite toy .
 Gaby Grapelina and Mini Mango Calico so cute!The dolls and their pets from the Soda Pop Dolls Collection are all lighly scented and not at all overpowering . My daughter , age 5 , calls them her ` mmm smells delicious dolls ' . She has the entire set and plays with them all . The dolls were hard to find because they are so popular . Thankfully , Amazon has them . The dolls accessories include a tiara , hair brush and matching flavored lip gloss that our girl thinks is the greatest ! Since she has to kiss you after she puts it on , I think the gloss is pretty terrific too ! You wo n't be disappointed buying the Soda Pop Girls .
 A lot of details in this assortment . Made a nice touch to the railyard buildings . Painting them was a chore but worth it in the end .
 I just got this drum about a week ago for my daughter 's 2nd birthday . She likes it very much . This drum comes with an adjustable strap to wear around your neck so that your kid can march and beat the drum at the same time . It also comes with two mini drumsticks , which are okay size-wise . There are three colored balls inside the drum , about the size of a ping-pong ball . The drum is fairly lightweight and I have n't found any sharp edges , even though the sides are metal . I found that shaking the drum makes the balls bounce around inside and makes drumming sounds too , which is an alternative to using the drumsticks.My daughter accidentally hit herself in the eyebrow with the drumstick end while wearing it and beating the drum at the same time . We had the strap on the longest length , which still gave her only about 6-8 inches between the top of the drum and her chin . I guess it can happen if your kid beats it pretty roughly while wearing it.The sound is like a drum , but only when you are wearing it , or it is n't flat on the carpet . When it is sitting on the carpet , the sound is pretty junk.The strap , once you attach the clips to the drum , it seems that you can not ever remove it . I do n't know why the clips are made that way , but I 've tried , and so has my husband.The top and bottom of the drum are clear plastic , and so far seem to be taking the abuse pretty well . It looks like they are wrapped around an inner cylinder that makes it stronger and less likely to push in if my daughter decides to step or stand on it.My daughter is too young to play with this unsupervised , but I feel that it is a great addition to her musical toys as well as the fact she attends Music Together classes .
 I bought this for my grandson , he loves the sticks and watching the balls inside . Nice toy for a good price .
 What fun it was to see my 15 month granddaughter with this drum on Christmas ! She loves making noise so , as I predicted , she loves this drum . If the drumsticks get lost , she can use wooden spoons . The balls on the inside bounce around when she beats the drum which is even more fun . Her Dad liked it too !
 My daughter loves this . She has many of hours of time on the drum and it is definitly holding up well . Have not had any issues at all . I am 100 % satisfied . Great product for the value .
 This is one of my daughter 's favorite toys . When she was learning to walk , it was a walker and mail carrier . Then she carried the plastic envelopes . Then it morphed into a doll carriage and she walked all her stuffed animals for months . The toy is well made , easy to clean and loads of fun .
 This doll is from the creator of Bratz . If you like Bratz dolls you will like the Yummi Land dolls as well . I can get these dolls at my local Walmart store , so I bet Target has them too ! The Straberry shaped purse that Susie Strawbella holds is lipgloss for you ! Her pet is a Chocolate Chiuaua and has the cutest outfit ! These dolls smell really good too ! I first saw these at Walmart today and I LOVED them ! So I looked online and added them to My Wishlist ! I hope you like this doll as much as I do !!
 My daughters 4 and 6 love the soda pop girls ! They love the different scents -LRB- much like I remember Strawberry Shortcake dolls growing up -RRB- . But these come in cute little soda pop bottles with a pet that also has a different scent to them . The pets are much like the littlest pet shop toys which they also love.These dolls are really cute and still a favorite toy .
 This is a beautiful pen and comes in a marvelous package . Would highly recommend to anyone wishing to purchase a Slytherin pen to get it here !
 this is a great pen , noble collection did a great job . it really feels like snake skin . when i go tit i was like holy F * & ^ its a snake.LOVE IT i have the gryffindor , ravenclaw and slytherin ones tooo .
 It 's a cool looking pen and has a nice weight to it . It would be nice if you could close the tip , but otherwise as advertised .
 I bought this pen a few days ago , and I was pleased with the very fast shipping . The pen is very well made , and yhe snake is larger and more detailed than I expected , which is a major plus . The green is much like the picture , with a rather snake-skin like texture on the pens main structure , which does n't hurt your fingers . The pen writes in black ink -LRB- although I 've seen other reviews claiming that their gryffindor pen wrote in blue ? Maybe it depends on the house pen . -RRB- The ink writes very smoothly , right from the first stroke . The pen is quite heavy , when compared to other normal pens , as the snake on top weighs it down . However , I have n't had any issues with writing , and I love using this pen . As for ink replacements , the cartridge seems very standard and replaceable , so I am not worried about struggling to find another ink refill.Overall , this pen is beautiful and I am very happy with my purchase .
 Great looking pen , the only problem I see is the lack of a cap , but other than that , is the perfect gift for a HP fan .
 Was very pleased with this banana split . Looks very real . Use it for staging homes along with quite a bit of other `` fake '' foods . Excellent job .
 A beautiful and fun fake food display . The banana and cherry are the only objects that feels real . The rest is hard to the touch . Objects can not be moved freely .
 `` Rosey '' has been part of our lives for almost 3 years now . I gave this baby doll to my granddaughter for her 1st birthday in December 2005 , and immediately became ` the ' toy . Rosey travels everywhere with her , is her sleep companion and companion in all play . She washes up beautifully - right in the washer -LRB- we have a front load , so no agitator - I would put her in a bag if there is an agitator on your machine , but I still think she would fare well - I believe the other household she spends 50 % of her time in has an agitator type machine -RRB- - and goes in the dryer as well . We got rid of the bracelet early on ... the baby was n't crazy about it ... it was ` scratchy ' , on an otherwise terrifically cuddly doll -LRB- an older child may like it , it is a cute accessory - but we have n't missed it any -RRB- . The stitched details are wonderful , defining fingers , toes , belly button and tush - very cute . The hair ribbon was lost almost immediately , but not missed at all . The hat is attached , and still upon her head , complete with ribbon , which has n't even frayed a bit in the MANY washings over the years ! I have been extremely pleased with the durability of this little doll with all the loving -LRB- and occasionally not so loving -RRB- constant attention she receives . I would recommend this doll to all Grandma 's out there looking for a `` snuggly '' she hopes will become her granddaughter 's favorite ! I had found our Rosie in a specialty boutique , and now that I have found her online , I may just have to buy a few to have on hand in my ` gift box ' for new babies , special people birthdays etc - she is well worth the price ! UPDATE
 This is by far the best $ 25 ever spent . `` Santa '' gave this dolly to my 4 year old daughter as a replacement for a beloved -LRB- but misplaced -RRB- Pottery Barn doll that cost twice as much . My daughter has carried this doll with her since she unwrapped it on Xmas . Its been dragged through the mud , sand and god knows what else but it is very easy to wash and dry . I 've purchased clothes at the local dollar stores that fit perfectly . This doll is just the right size for her and is just squishy enough for her to cuddle . She loves it ! I love it ! It 's a great product .
 We got this doll for our 7-month old for Christmas . I wanted to give her a first doll that was safe and fun . This little gal does the trick . What I liked first about this doll , is that it is available with different hair colors and skin tones . Most of the dolls out there are blonde and blue eyed . I like that she has a belly button and a little tushy . Our little girl loved her instantly and loves to play with her . The only reason I did n't rate it 5 stars across the board is that the diaper is almost always coming off in the back , the ribbon on the head is always untied -LRB- but at least well secured -RRB- and the wrist bracelet , while cute , often slips off the wrist -LRB- which is not a huge deal , it is sewn into the seam of the arm -RRB- . So while the doll is fun and sweet , I would n't feel safe letting my daughter play with it unattended or nap with it .
 Santa brought this for my daughter this year -LRB- she 's 1 1/2 -RRB- and it was by far her favorite gift , and remains her favorite doll . The fabric is soft , and unbelievably-cute details -LRB- like her outie belly button , tuft of hair , cloth diaper , hospital name bracelet , butt cheeks ! -RRB- are perfect . This is a perfect first doll . -LRB- Other than the ribbon in her hair , I ca n't imagine what could be a choking hazard -RRB- . I plan to give this doll as a gift many times .
 I searched everywhere for a soft doll for my daughter 's first birthday . This one is large enough for a toddler to carry around , it is very soft and safe for her to play with and sleep with . It also is a brunette and cuter in person than the image on line .
 My daughter instantly loved this doll ! It 's soft and cuddly . She has several plastic baby dolls she was attached to before this doll , but now she barely even looks at them . She loves the details like the belly button and fingers . She also loves that she can hug and cuddle the doll - she sleeps with it for naps and at bedtime , we do n't go anywhere without her . She 's perfect ! I love that the doll is super cute , a great size for a toddler and that we could get it with the same hair color as my daughter . She wanted me to take the hospital band off almost immediately , but if you are careful , you can take it off without destroying it . I saved it so that when she finally names her baby , and if we ever have another baby , she can have her baby wear the hospital bracelet . Right now she does n't quite understand it , but I think she 'll enjoy it in a year or so . This doll came packaged in a plastic bag - and as someone else 's review said , I do n't think it 's suitable for gift giving as is . Make sure you take the baby out of the packaging and wrap her up for gifting . A small child wo n't want to fight with a plastic bag , not to mention it does n't look very nice . It 's simply there to protect the baby until it arrives to your house . I did n't think it was that big a deal . I know this doll will be my daughter 's favorite for a long time . She just loves her !
 We gave this to our daughter for her first Christmas . She was only 7 months old , but it was such a thrill to see her hold it and actually hug it ! This doll is so soft and safe that it has found a home in her crib ever since . She is now twelve months old and still wakes up and quietly plays with her `` baby '' . She loves to undress her and try to take off the hospital bracelet , which is still attached so it must be strong . The only down-side to this doll is that the material attracts dog hair and we have german shepherds . Therefore I am trying to keep it a doll that stays down in her room . Compared to all the other non plastic dolls , this is by far my favorite !!
 I bought this doll for my granddaughters 1st birthday . She absolutely loves it ! She sleeps with it all the time and likes to take the diaper on and off ! I plan on getting her some outfits for her for christmas ! This is a very soft and durable doll !
 It was a little iffy as to whether my niece who is turning two was going to like this , but I was more concerned that her mon was not going to approve of this because she is very critical re
 Purchased this for my about to be 2 year old daughter for Christmas . I love the doll because it 's super cute and a nice size . My daughter has n't been very interested in it however . She does like to put her baby diapers on the doll but that 's the extent of her interest . She seems to prefer the more life like looking dolls that she 's received as gifts in the past . Still a nice toy though that my little one may grow to like more .
 I bought this doll recently for my daughter as her first birthday present . She 's only 10 months right now and when I gave her a preview she adored the doll . She clung on and snuggled with her new little baby . The doll is soft , adorable , and all of the details make it even more cute . If you 're looking for the perfect doll for your baby girl , look no further .
 Will definitely buy more dolls from North American Bear Company ~ 2yr old daughter loves this doll !!!! prefers her over others . doll is excellent quality , soft , nice detail & washable . Almost identical to PBK dolls but these dolls have more options of hair colors . Would absolutely say equal quality to Pottery Barn Kids dolls but this is better price !!!
 This is an excellent product . I ordered this doll for my daughter 's second birthday . When she opened it , I was quite pleased . The doll is cute , very plush and `` squishable '' , and seems well-made . Plus , it 's a good size -LRB- about 12 inches -RRB- , that is not too large for a toddler to carry . I thought that my daughter would love this doll since she had another bigger , plastic doll that she already liked , and I was hoping that a soft one would be a bit easier for her to carry around and fall asleep with.Unfortunately , my daughter wo n't have anything to do with this soft Rosy Cheeks Baby ! This could be a quirk , or the fact that she already had one she liked , but she 's received several other plastic baby dolls as gifts , and she loves all of them . I think this might be because the Rosy Cheeks doll does n't have clear , distinguishable features like a plastic doll . For example , my daughter loves to point out and compare the ears or fingers of the plastic doll to her own.Overall however , this is an excellent product , and I think perhaps a young toddler -LRB- closer to 1 years old rather than 2 or 3 -RRB- would like it better .
 This is ahigh quality baby doll , nice material and stuffing
 I am just waiting on her to get a bit older . She is 15 months , and if I try to hand her this doll she gets mad and throws it . It was a pricey doll . It isnt the doll at all , she is only obsessed with Yo Gabba Gabba and wont touch any other doll or plush toy .
 This is the perfect first doll for children ! It is totally soft fabric without any hard parts making it so nice to hug and hold . The details are so adorable ! The materials and construction are high quality . I would buy it again !
 This is a wonderful baby doll . She is simple , very cute , and can easily be used by babies . My one year old and my nine year old love her .
 My daughter got this a Christmas present and it 's just so cute and soft . She 's 15 months old she is n't quite sure how to play with dolls yet but she is learning . I wanted a soft doll for her to play verses the traditional plastic baby . The outfits -LRB- sold separately -RRB- are pretty darn cute as well . Great doll for young toddlers .
 The doll was very well made , soft and so cuddly I was tempted to get one for myself . And my 14 month old granddaughter loved it immediately too . I would recommend this company to anyone considering a stuffed bear or doll .
 My daughter received this doll for her first birthday from Grandma . It took a couple of months for her to be interested in dolls , but now she LOVES it ! It sleeps in her crib with her , so the fact that it 's soft and cuddly is perfect.I will be buying some clothes -LRB- for the doll -RRB- for Christmas !
 We have the Red-headed version of this doll that seems to no longer be sold . My daughter has had it since about age 1 , and it quickly became her favourite toy . She will barely go to sleep without `` Baby '' to cuddle with , and has loved dressing and undressing and changing the diaper . She loves it more now at 2.5 than she did a year ago.The downsides are that the fabric on the hat and shirt pill pretty quickly . The bow on the hat comes undone with some strong tugging despite a couple stitches holding it in place . The ID bracelet is irritating as it slips off the arm easily and is hard for a little kid to put back on.The pros are that is it a very sweet doll , very cuddly and soft , excellent for a bedtime lovey . Newborn cloths do sort of fit it , so we quickly got rid of the pink shirt and dressed her in something without the pills.The website says to surface clean only , air dry , but I screwed up my courage today and handwashed a very dirty baby with plenty of scrubbing and soaking involved , and then dried her in the dryer on high heat . She looks nearly as good as new , and the stuffing did n't get clumpy . I wish I had done this sooner , and will probably throw her in the gentle machine cycle in a pillowcase next time she looks grubby .
 I bought this as a first doll for my baby girl . It is very soft and cuddly , and she seems to really like her little smiling face . My only complaint is that the clothing is not very durable at all . It started getting fuzzy after only about a month of light play -LRB- mostly only in crib -RRB- and now the shirt is so ratty I just took it off . But the doll itself washed up nicely on the gently cycle .
 I ordered this as a shower gift for my daughter . Both her and her husband have brown hair so I got a doll with the same . It is so cute and I used this along with decorations as the centerpiece on her table . Very nice doll , soft , has a cute outfit and comes with an arm band for them to write the babies name and weight on it . Very cute item .
 My daughter received this doll from her grandma for her first birthday . She loves it ! She has carried it around everyday for four months now . It 's soft , cute , and durable . The ribbon did come out of the hair , and parts of the hat have come unstitched from the doll 's head , but that 's because my daughter hauls it around using the hat as a handle , and it could easily be tacked back on . The doll itself is still in perfect condition and she has been through a lot ! Yesterday she got her head dunked in the toilet and I put her through the wash -LRB- light cycle -RRB- and the dryer -LRB- cool setting -RRB- and she looks as good as new ! I was wary of washing her before because the tag says surface wash only , but I 'm glad I read some of the reviews on here about washing , because they were right ! She washes great . This is a great , high quality doll .
 This soft little doll is just right for a little one year old . I gave this to my graddaughter for her first birthday . She cuddles and kisses it as she carries it around with her .
 I purchased this piece for my dad for Christmas . It was exactly what he wanted so he was very happy with it .
 This is a great product , but I did n't buy it as a toy ... I bought it for my daughter 's rubber duck collection . She will love it .
 this is one of the best model kit ever made the U.S.S.SARATOGA CVA-60 of the u.s.navy this forrestal class carrier was commissioned in 1956 with almost 40 years of service was deployed in many war theatres this model is a super hight datail replica of the real aircraft carrier this model has a datail fly deck wich include detail conning tower , sparrow lunch system , and movable lift platform . the hull has detail side walls wich include phalanx defence system . it come also with a series of aircrafts and rescue helicopters wich are f/14 TOMCAT , F/18 HORNET , S/3 VIKING A/6 INTRUDER , EA/6B PROWLER and SH-3H SEA KING . is equiment with tow vehicles for the fly deck.the model com with completed decals set and 2 stands and the price is very decent i give 5 stars to this model from revell and i recomemded to all those who like naval ships model kits for a good price . i purchase from amazon and i am very happy with it the U.S.S.SARATOGA will be a grat piece to your naval ships collection
 I love this puzzle . It allows my daughter who is 8 really get into the different countries , seas , oceans , she is starting to get that the world is huge ! Its colorful , with symbols that are recognizable to her , such as the animals or people.Thank you!Satisfied mother who loves to teach and learn
 This is a nice map , but I was hoping for individual pieces for each state .
 This puzzle is rated for 3 + . My four year old needs help with this puzzle . Every piece fits with any piece . So you need to know the states locations . So each state is n't a piece . It 's made of great quality ! I do n't know it is worth 25 dollars though . You can get some other nice floor puzzles a lot cheaper . But they are not foam and ca n't be washed ect .
 My daughter absolutely loves this map , we took it to her school for a presentation and the teachers thought it was absolutely fabulous . The vivid colors and the texture and quality of the product are wonderful .
 The capitol of each state is marked here too , with a star . It is incredibly hard to see on some of the states , but all in all , this is a fun , informative puzzle that my boys love to do.They also like to take the pieces and see how many states they can fit inside of Texas . It 's very nice quality .
 My grandchildren -LRB- ages 15 mos . and 3 1/2 yrs . -RRB- are fascinated by puzzles and learning in general . This product is easy to clean and very safe , even if Emily wants to chew on a piece . Would recommend for any toddler .
 The 3 year old twins did need adult help the first couple of times we put the puzzle together . After 5 days , they were able to put the puzzle together between the two of them . After approx 10 days they were each able to complete the puzzle on their own -LRB- even though the puzzle pieces fit into multiple pieces -RRB- . Thus , I agree I would have preferred that the pieces fit only into specific pieces , however , my nephews have learned where each piece goes and will reiterate terms such as `` Georgia Peaches '' and `` Arizona Cactus '' . The other day , one of the twins saw a bridge and asked his mom if it was the `` Golden Gate Bridge '' - a great and fun way to learn . And the twins piece this puzzle together over and over . I am now buying the World Puzzle for their 4th birthday .
 Very durable and fun , yet educational . My son doe n't realize that he 's learning while doing the puzzle , but he can identify certain states , etc where family and friends live .
 Never did I think my 4 yr old would love this , but he chose it to put on his list for Santa . It came and he plays with it constantly . The case is a huge plus . Very durable foam with great colors and fun pictures . Capitols included . Agree that I would have liked the states to be the puzzle shapes , but for my 4 yr old , he loves it . Great value .
 This is a wonderful learning toy for my 2 year old that loves to memorize everything he sees . I will help him remember some of the names of the states and where they go , but that it what its all about anyway . Plus it is supposed to be for 3 + . The only thing I do n't like about the puzzle is that most states are made from several pieces making it a bit harder to remember their shape and size .
 This is a great toy even for my 4 year old . I had to walk him through building it , but it gave us quality time together for 2 hours . He just loves the rotating drum . The other plus point is that I see im playing longer with toys that he has `` built '' himslef .
 We got this toy for our daughter and she loved it . She had fun putting it together and played with it for days .
 This set ended my lego dark ages . After becoming ` too old ' to buy and build them in my early teens , i had neglected Lego for years . Then in graduate school i saw this set that reminded me of one I had when i was very young . I had to have it , and I was not disappointed !
 Lego is a great toy but Amazon is charging nearly 3x that of Toys R Us and the Lego store itself . Hmmmm .
 Smooth transaction , packed well , very quick shipment.Thank you.I like this stuffed animal very much.I think this value and shipping charge are a little high.Only the point is regrettable .
 Awesome dump truck action , even includes big boulders to haul ! Gave this truck as a gift to several little guys we know and they LOVE it ! Highly recommend any Tonka or Buddy-L truck !
 I ordered this for a Kindergarten classroom and it 's working out great . It 's light weight , solid wood and easy to move around . The posts do n't stay in well unless you glue them in with wood glue . It literally took 4 minutes to unwrap , assemble and glue . Once glued it is very sturdy and durable . The kids like being able to see , sort and move the puppets around . Plus the price was very reasonable unlike many of the other puppet storage solutions out there .
 The Guidecraft puppet stand arrived quickly , and was well packaged . This is a well-made stand for displaying or storing hand puppets , and the cost was very reasonable .
 No one `` plays '' with it , but that is n't the purpose . It holds the puppets for the preschoolers nicely . It also doubles as a ring toss . The sticks do n't always stay in their holes , so I 've considered gluing them , but then they would n't be removable for flat storage when not in use . This one has lasted about a year without breaking . I 've had others where the sticks broke of at their connection point . It could happen to this one , but no one has been too rough with it yet .
 This has been a nice alternative to a larger & more expensive puppet tree that takes up a lot more space . It works well for us since we only have a handful of puppets at this time . Is durable so far and was easy to put together and nicely displays my son 's Sesame Street Puppets . Overall I am very happy with this product .
 This is your answer to cleaning up play room clutter without the price . I wanted a place to store my children 's puppets other than their toy box . The wooden puppet stand is exactly what I was looking for . Also , it happens to fit perfectly inside of the puppet theater that I had purchased from Lilly 's Kids from Lillian Vernon . I was pleased to pay less than $ -LSB- ... -RSB- for it , too . It is a great value with functionality .
 My son is obsessed with street signs and this set of three signs was a huge hit in our house . It comes with a a sturdy plastic stop sign , railroad crossing sign , and a speed limit sign . They connect to lightweight posts with plastic clips and can be removed and replaced easily as my son likes taking his stop sign on drives with us . They are very durable for indoor and outdoor play . Great product .
 My daughter LOVES animals and her favorite is a polar bear . So when I was browsing around in a store , I found slushy , It was so realistic and plushy and soft . I came home and my daughter flipped and loved the thing . She was snugglin ' and a lovin ' She has to sleep with it all the time . If she cant find her polar bear she refuses to sleep . Which means I have to go in the underworld of her toybox , Of forgotten toys , such as dancing dora . My daughter claims that her polar bear , ` eats the boogey man and beats up nightmares and scares away the closet monster ' Shes not afraid of the dark as long as she has her bear . That bear is durable as heck . The bear has been beaten up with stomach flu , Toddlers , Stomped on and thrown . The fur still has that welcoming touch . It showes just a tad of wear . But its in generally good condition . She loves her polar bear so much she bought a book about him with her allowance . Now she knows all about her beloved polar bears ! But the polar bear still is by her side , defeating the nightmares and eating boogey man . I 've never seen her without the thing . It washable too , I just threw it in the washer and put it in the dryer and good as new !!! But , catch this . My daughter has talks to her bear , and has tea parties and pajama parties and when her cousins come over , they all fight for the bear . So for christmas I bought them all the same bear , and they flipped , just as my daughter did . The bear brang so much interest in polar bears to her . So it 's educational to that , and the fact that its so derned realistic . Pratically feel like im holding a bear cub , just lighter . The thing is pratically my daughers cub . She watches it with hawk eyes and lets no one touch it . not even me . But downstraight , she loves the thing ... so I highly recommend this pile of plush . Its probably 3 + Thanks for taking the time to read my review , Julia
 It is very soft , I mean very soft . So big and so soft that it is my new pillow . Very cute as well . Little kids , and stuffed animal lovers alike will love it . The duribilty is ok . Might need to brush it like once a week to keep it soft though . That 's my only quibble , otherwise it 's great ! Worth every penny .
 My daughter sleeps with her stuffed dogs . She kept letting my wife `` borrow '' them so she `` could sleep better '' . Finally my wife suggested she should have her own , I think she was joking . Well , I bought her this bear for Valentines and she instantly fell in love with it . I is the perfect size for her and super , super soft . Now when we go to sleep the bear gets more hugs and kisses than I do ... and my daughter now wants her own . Did I mention is SUPER SOFT !!??
 I loove this polar bear stuffed animal ! I have a small collection of a few polar bear stuffed animals and this one is perhaps my favorite or second favorite ! I love how large and cuddly this stuffed animal truly is . Great for children and adults alike ! I definitely advise it . Shipping was ahead of schedule as well .
 The quality is GREAT . As a mom I know that my child is safe with this bear , and will have YEARS of enjoyment with this bear ! I was a bit taken back by the price but as soon as I opend up the box I knew I was getting what I paid for and MORE . Great Item , perfect price . Slushy will be well loved by not only our daughter , but as big as he is , I can say I would n't mind laying down and resting my head on this ` ol guy either ! Nice Bear !!
 This stuffed polar bear has been my 16 month old 's favorite toy , by far . The second he opened it on Christmas , he went crazy , jumping up and down , hugging it , rolling with it , talking to it , and soon started calling it his `` bear bear '' . Two and a half months later and it 's still his favorite toy . We think he likes it because it 's soft , his size , and squishy.This bear has gone through the ringer with throw-up , dirty shoes , and dragging around . But I just throw it in the washer and dryer along with some of his other blankets and sheets , and it comes out fine , and not at all lumpy . I must have washed the thing 10 times . Over time , the material is n't quite as soft as when he first opened it , but he does n't care . It 's also a great pillow on the couch for the rest of us .
 It 's really soft and cuddly , but it looks more like a teddy bear than polar bear .
 This stuffed polar bear is wonderful . My daughter -LRB- 5 yrs . old -RRB- saw Santa a couple days before Christmas , and said she wanted a stuffed animal polar bear ... completely out of the blue . So I had to scramble to find one . I finally came across Slushy at a local toy store . My daughter loves him . He 's super soft . Some products claim to be soft but are n't really . This one really is . Very huggable . My daughter 's twin 11 mo. old sisters adore him too .
 This is the cutest , softest and most adorable bear I ever seen . I ordered it for my daughter for Christmas . I took it out the box and could n't put it down !!! The color is beautiful !!! It is a very big and plush bear . It looks very expensive eventhough it was under $ 100 . My six year-old is going to be one happy child for Christmas .
 ** GREAT BEAR ** my girlfriend just loves it ! Photo gives no justice . Excellent customer serivce and fast delivery . Will become a return customer .
 The picture of this bear does not do it justice . I brought this gift to a new mother at a baby shower and it was the `` hit '' gift . Everyone wanted to touch it , and loved it instantly . It is so soft . Children grow quickly and this bear stays a favorite of theirs for years .
 The picture doesnt make justice to this cute cute cute teddy bear . . its really soft and the most adorable bear ever . Bought it as a gift and it was love at first sight . . cute , soft , and at a great price !!
 Bruiser is the best buy ever , he is gorgeous , soft and completes my childs life ! He has been the best addition to our family and life without him just would n't be the same , he is tugged around , used for television time and has watched `` finding nemo '' three hundred times ?????? And never complains ! What a bear , thank you Big Stuffed Animals for Bruiser !
 the day i got it , it was even better than i imagined , it was soft and furry and really fun to play withi gave it to my gf as a christmas present and she loved it even more than i did , she would n't put it down and carried it around with her everywhereeveryone else that saw it just wanted to pick it up and hug it , once they did , they would n't let gothe only bad thing about mine was that for the first couple of hugs , it shed some hair , so it looked like i was playing with a dog , but after a couple days , the shedding stopped , and the bear still looked greatalso , one of the arms are reversed so it looks like it has two left arms , ca n't really tell at first , but after you start playing with it , the secret will be revealed , but the bear itself is still a great buy
 There are a lot of `` jumbo bears '' out there , but this one did not disappoint . Great quality and a lot of fun !
 First off . . this thing is huge ! I bought this for my girlfriend for valentines day . She loved it!The bear itself is very soft but the fur is n't as soft as the picture makes it look . The fur is kind of `` wirey '' feeling . Sometimes the fur sheds a little as well.The bear is very durable ! I bought mine in 2007 and it 's still going strong . My two miniature dachshunds now enjoy playing and biting the bear ! Surprisingly the bear does not have a hole in it yet !
 love it nice size very cute and cuddley bought for a new baby girl put a big pink bow around its neck .
 My grandson just literally opened the box on his 1st Birthday present to find his Bruiser inside.The bear is just gorgeous . . the fur is long and soft and multicolored - light brown , tan , and black tips . His face is friendly and wonderful.He 's sturdy , his stitching is strong and he 's completely cuddable and my grandson LOVES him.It 's hard to buy items like this without seeing them and hugging them for yourself , so I took a chance based on the great feedback on this bear.Worth every penny .
 This bear was better than described . We got it for our grandson 's birthday next month . Meanwhile our `` Cubbie Bear '' keeps us amused as my husband never knows where he 'll show up next , in his chair , in his side of the bed ... Ca n't help but love this bear .
 As many others was surprised about the hair . The quality was maintained very well . The height and bulkiness was great . It was an instant favourite .
 I got htis toy for my little girl and she just love this Beer , she could not be any more happier then she is at this time !
 This is a beautiful bear -LRB- handsome ! -RRB- Almost ridiculously inexpensive as compared to other large stuffed bears . Please do n't think that because he is less expensive you are n't getting a beautiful bear . Worth twice as much as I paid !
 Bruiser is easily one of the most beautiful bears I 've ever seen and yes , as stated before , the pictures do n't do him justice . Personally , with his size and gorgeous bi-color fur , the bear is definitely not just for cuddling - he makes for an impressive decoration article as well , since he 's `` stuck '' in the sitting position and does n't topple over every now and again . Great product .
 I ordered Bruiser the bear . This was an amazing purchase ... everyonestops and stares at him . He is so beautiful . I have been taking himalong in the car and into Denny 's restaurant ... having a lot of fungetting reactions ... everyone wants to touch him.Evelyn Redondo Beach , CA
 My daughter wrote a letter to Santa asking for a big bear for Christmas . She is 8 years old and starting to ask a lot of questions about the reality of Santa , so I was determined to keep her believing at least one more year ! I searched the interenet for the perfect bear . It had to be big to make an impact and the Bruiser Bear was the clear winner . It is very large and left her speechless Christmas morning ! She sleeps with it every night and could n't be happier that `` Santa '' got her letter . The bear is soft and well made . I am very pleased with this product .
 This was a great product ! Every kid in the room was drawn to it like a magnet . They each took turns nestling in on Bruiser , usually with their thumb in their mouth or singing a little song . We adults were floored that all the kids just loved him from the 1 year old birthday girls up ! I 'm so glad I bought Bruiser for my nieces !
 I bought it for my wife.For under 100 bucks , it is well worth the money.As other reviewers pointed out , this bear looks much better than the picture here on amazon.It is much bigger than i thought for 39 '' . The bear with the box may not fit or tightly fit in the trunk of a compact car .
 My little girl loves it . She just crawls over to it and finds real security and just laughs and smiles at it .
 I am not sure how durable this item will be , but it looks like it will . It is huge , and soft and I think my girlfriend will really enjoy this . Worth more than the cost compared to similar items from local stores running 150-220 .
 Name it after my boy friend . He got envious , cause I spend more time hugging the bear . : -RRB-
 These are such better quality than the original air hockey strikers i got with the table ! Thanks for the quick shipment !
 This skimmer is made of aluminum , and flexes nicely when skimming the pool water . I should get many years of service . It 's a good investment .
 this leaf skimmer does what it made to do , skim the top of the water for leafs and other debree !
 Well made , and far better priced than ones of similar or lesser quality that are being sold at my local pool supply shop . ~ Rusty
 Ever since I saw Empire Strikes Back , I wanted a Lego All Terrain - Armored Transport.It takes 2-4 hours to build.The head is poorly put together.It just flails open and does n't lock closed.The neck joint is just too weak.One tap on the head and it WILL fall off!Theres a solution.Shorten the amount of circular Lego pieces on the neck joint.This exposes more of it causing a good tight connection between the neck and body.If you do n't have patience this is n't the lego for you.Besides this its just what I expected.The body and legs are really durable.It 's a good buy .
 I got this lego toy for my birthday I like it very much.I think it ` s cool because the AT-AT has a compartment where the men of the empire could rest and wait when they will attack . It is also cool that it is hard to destroy the AT-AT . The men inside of the AT - AT are safe . I was very happy when I heard the AT-AT had come out from STAR WARS lego.I am also happy that the AT-AT looks a lot realistic from STAR WARS . Some people are confused why the head is very fragile and falls off . Well in episode V Luke throws a bomb in the AT-AT and the head blows up I think the lego company tried to make this realistic . I have no disa greemence with the AT-AT . I recomend this lego toy to people who like the empires technical machines . It took me two hours to build the AT-AT . I play with it a lot and I say DO NOT BUY IT IF YOUR NOT GOING TO PLAY WITH IT .
 This is one of my all time favorite lego sets . The only thing is that amazon is charging more than the original price of the set !!!! When this set came out , it was n't even $ 100 . Also , all of the `` a kid 's reviews '' are n't correct , and I think they 're all written by the same person ! They all say that by making the head very loose on the set -LRB- a major problem I found -RRB- they were making it like the movie . Well let me tell you , in the movie Luke did NOT make the head explode ! The bomb he put in it made the ATAT explode internally before falling sideways and being blown up by the snowspeeders . I do n't believe that lego was trying to make this seem more realistic , because that would be a STUPID IDEA !! All that aside , this is a great lego set , and I highly recommend it . As I 'm sure you 'll notice from other reviews the head is VERY fragile . It falls off easily and you might want to follow other people 's advice and take 1 piece off the neck . Also , the legs can bend , but they had a funky way of bending where they click into different angles and this makes it very very hard to make it `` walk '' . If you want a walking lego ATAT , and you have the money , lego just released a $ 299.99 lego set that is a walking ATAT ! I 'd totally get it if I had $ 300 dollars !
 The Lego ATAT walker is simply astonishing.Fans of Both Star Wars and lego -LRB- poeple like myself -RRB- have been wiating patiantly for this , and now its here we are not dissapionted!the machine is testimony to the genious of the lego designers . The thing rocks!It is by far the greatest modle to come from the design teams to date!Well done
 its a cool set ! my friend has it but the only problem is it usually falls over . i 've built my own custom model but it has the same problem . i ca n'tmove it !!! jamster
 This is so awesome!You can combine it with your other lego models and have a star wars universe!Hint
 This is the best set hands downit stays together better than any other
 This is by far the best Lego set ever!I 'm a little disapionted that the real thing in the movie can carry up to 40 men!And that the cockpit is held together by hanging on to one little piece.The neck can be fixed from breaking off by removing one or two peices from the neck.Hope this helped !!
 GREAT toy ! However , I JUST purchased the same thing from the actual Lego company , for $ 129.99 ~ Do n't get ripped off ! I have seen these things on ebay for a starting price of $ 140 and up ... way up !!! Great toy , but do n't get ripped off ! You should NOT have to pay more than $ 140 . Seriously ... check out the catalog ! There it is ... $ 129.99 . Same thing .
 Now , just to let you all know I do not own this item . But , my friend has it and it 's awsome , it is the coolest thing ever . It 's can be a little difcult to build , but ti 's defintly one fo the best legos I 've ever seen .
 this lego set looks kind of boring at first but is is as fun as can be !!!!!! buy this toy for any age it is great !
 some people say the head is n`t attached very well to the body of the AT-AT but it is n`t supposed to . If you watched episode V. Luke Skywalker throws a bomb inside the AT-AT and the head explodes.In my opinion lego tried to make it realistic . By the way this AT-AT is wicked and I reccomend the AT-AT to people who like building and technical stuff . I think this is educatoinal because it gives you ideas of making something with legs . But what does not satisfy me that it costs -LSB- $ $ $ -RSB- like there is a aircraft carrier that costs -LSB- $ $ $ -RSB- and is bigger and is more intresting and it has diffrent and more possibilities I reccomend that to I have seen it at TOYS R US it is called the USS KITTYHAWK goodbye to everybody
 this thing is awsome . the snow speeder transport thing is tight but it is hard to build except that 's probobly 'cause I 'm 8 .
 December 30 , 2004This mini-at-at is great !!!!! I was disappointed when I could n't find the big At-At so I decided to buy the mini AT-AT . I had so much fun building it . It did n't take me long and it is very durable . The head and legs move . The best part about this At-At is the $ 6.99 price ! I think everybody will like this toy because everyone likes star wars .
 I received this for my 11th Birthday . I 'm a Star Wars Lego fan & this is the best set I 've ever made.Pros
 I used Christmas as an excuse to buy myself this set and `` gave '' it to my son as a present . We had hours of fun putting it together and did some serious father-son bonding . A 5 year old is easily impressed by a 33 year old Lego Master . The set is definitely not for beginners nor will it stand up to the daily abuse a 5 year old calls play . As another dad mentioned , the head falls off WAY too easily . -LRB- A minor removal of two bricks from the neck helps the tiny stem that connects the head to the body give it a better grip . Helps , but does n't solve the problem . -RRB- But that AT-AT looks really cool when placed along side his X-Wings , Tie Fighter and numerous other Star Wars pieces . It is a must for Star Wars Lego collectors of all ages .
 The other reviewer admonishes us to be sure to play with this set , but I have found that to be pretty difficult because the AT-AT model is kind of fragile . Do n't get me wrong , this is a very , very cool looking set . But it is mostly for Star Wars fans and adult LEGO fans . And those of you know that you must have this set for your collection.If you are looking for good LEGO sets to play with , then I would recommend the Make & Create line instead .
 This is by far the best set LEGO ? ever made . LEGO ? put so much detail on the exterior that if there was n't so much dark grey it would probably look like the real thing ! My main complaint is the head . The sides open so easily because they just do n't lock in . I have sort of made a solution to it but it still does n't totally lock . Try replacing that odd shaped red piece that is supposed to `` lock '' in the sides with a 1x2x1 panel and alter the position of the corner panel next to it . Also it falls off REALLY easily ! Try removing one of the round pieces on the neck . I helps , but does n't solve the problem . Though you ca n't make it walk the legs can be positioned in many cool ways . But keep this set away from toddlers , for it is very fragile . My 4 year old sister was running down the stairs , barely touched my model , and it fell over and broke . Luckily I was able to rebuild it . It took me about 3-4 hours to build and was n't too difficult except for that every once in a while there will be a pretty difficult step . I was 11 when I built this so I do n't totally agree with reccomended ages 14 + . It should be 11-12 + . Not the best set for younger fans , but for older fans , this set ROCKS !
 Even big kids ca n't resist this set . A must have for collectors . Just do n't accidently tip it over . It is top heavey . Looks great on display , but do n't plan on being able to actually make it walk . Cool snowtrooper figures are exclusive to this set along with one of a kind ATAT driver .
 This is by FAR the best Lego i have EVER gotten . It is SO durable . A note to people who said the head falls off easily : LOCK IT IN ! You know that little piece with the 1 on it ? LOCK THAT INTO THE CIRCLE ! I got it for Christmas and the head has n't fallen off yet ! That is because i locked everything in ! Anyway , the legs ca n't really walk , but you can move them in cool ways . And it is so fun to play with . A bad thing is that the guns on the sides of the head fall off sometimes . I would recomend this Lego to everyone ages 11 + . Something fun to do is put this beside the Millenium Falcoln Lego . They are only 81 pieces apart from each other , but look how much taller the AT-AT is !
 TOTALLY AWESOME !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! This is by far the best set the LEGO Company ever made !!!!! It looks so cool on display , too ! But when 4 year olds come to play , move this set out of the way , for it is very fragile . The head comes off so easily because it is only attached by one lame piece . LEGO probably made it realistic because in episode 5 Luke throws a bomb at the at-at 's head and it falls off . This is also a very detailed set . I would reccomend this set to any LEGO Star Wars fan ages 9 and up ! Hope this helped !!
 This was an awesome set . I recieved it for my birthday and have not stopped playing with it since ! The set looks exactly like the real AT-AT , but being a huge star wars fan , I noticed the problems right away . The limit to only having 4 troops and a pilot was very dissapointing , the AT-AT in the movies can hold 40 troops , 5 Speeder bikes , two pilots and a commander . Otherwise , there are a few problems with it - the head falling off and the body falling off the legs - but it can be easily fixed with other peices - my lego AT-AT does not fall apart . All in all , this was the best set I have ever recieved , and I highly recomend it for any star wars fan .
 I freaked out when I got the Star Wars AT-AT . It takes a lot of time though . But any way all of my friends are comeplaning when you touch the cocpit and it falls off . I think the lego company is just making it realistic because in Star Wars
 I always ask for Legos at Christmas , being 19 kinda makes people disinclined to buy them for me , but this year I got this set ! It 's wonderful the sheer size of it makes just building it a fun and rather long experience . It 's not really the best set for young kids but for the older Lego addicts this is the best way to go .
 I 've had this patch sewn on a pair of pants I wear frequently for over a year and it still looks great ! Very well made .
 My daughter got this as a present before she was born and can not live without it . Pottamus is a member of our family . The product holds up to the day to day use and washing machine . We have purchased a second one as a stand by just in case we lose the first one .
 My 3yo found this at my mother 's and it was the first stuffed animal he 'd ever shown any interest in . He became so attached to it that we decided we 'd better get a backup for `` beary '' . However , he spied it before we could stash it away and now he has both . Although a little more floppy than cuddly , it 's very soft and fairly tough -LRB- it 's held up to his 5yo brother trying to wrestle it away on many occasions ! -RRB- . He loves it and sleeps with it -LRB- now both of them ! -RRB- every night .
 My son loves this little hippo , we are already on the second one since he drags it everywhere !
 These are really neat cards ! The cards are playing cards , but they have picures of Native Americans in costume , and give the names of all the pictured tribes . Cool , neat , educational idea for kids or anyone who wants to learn about the history of our nation 's indigenous people !
 Bought for a 8 year old , and he 's already broken a leg off one . It 's really a collectors item for adults who want to admire and look at it.Not really for playing with . But I gave it 5 stars because he really loves them . However , he 's now looking for an actual toy to play with .
 We have Chuckanucka , and we just adore him . He is a fleece toy of mottled browns , so he does n't show dirt like some toys do . These are well made , and the faces are sewn on by hand , not mass produced . With the hand sewing , the dolls look a lot alike , but each are individuals . Chuck is sure to win your heart in any size you choose . Collecting Uglydolls is fun , and once you get one , others are sure to follow .
 Adorable , soft , cuddly toy that enjoys hanging out in my room with the other Ugly Dolls . Everyone seems to love them . Great gift !
 Really cute little dude . Very durable and my little 2 year old loves to carry him around .
 this takes the best bounty hunters and throws em into ne package that is a value price . Individually , the figureslone would cost ... , but you also get a bike ! dont miss this one .
 I applaud Hasbro for finally coming out with a pack that includes all of the Bounty Hunters . Yes , you could buy almost all of the figures separately , but why would you want to ? Especially since some of the figures are difficult to find . This is a great way for parents or star war fans to get all of the bounty hunters for one great price.I hope Hasbro continues to group action figures in this way . Then , fans might not have to go to four or five stores -LRB- or search online -RRB- looking for that hard to find Yoda toy .
 first off this is an exciting new addition for me . the price ... . . for 4 action figures and a small vehicle , bossk i could do without like the last review it is nothing new really , but the swoop is a great little vehicle for aurra sing , she fits nicely not like the attack of the clones vehicles and figures , and there is a spot for her rifle as well . the most interesting thing of the set is actually the boba fett that was released as the 300th figure ... what a bargain . ... i never had a chance to get one for my collection or one to open and it is the most accurate fett yet , a nice addition for my bounty hunter setup . ig-88 is the reissue that came out a couple of years ago , and is nice as well , more realistic then the first issue that came in the boba fett 2 pack years ago , for the price , for as much as you get in this pack you cant go wrong , either to collect or open up .
 We bought this for our son 's 4th birthday , he loves it !! We changed the legs to make it tell enough for him to play `` like the big boys '' . It was very easy to do and looks awesome !!
 It 's not perfect but the kids like playing with . We have had this for a year and they still play with it .
 its one of the best so far for just a little pool table . can b placed anywhere n played everywhere ! i love it ! my kids love it ! even my grandma loves it !
 This pool table is perfect for my children . They have had a blast playing pool with it several times a day . The pool balls are so realistic and look and feel like actual size balls . It came with two chalks for the two pool sticks and a brush to clean the felt covered table . The six pockets hold the balls perfectly and are easy to empty . This table is a good buy for anyone and can be placed almost anywhere and in any size room . I highly recommend this for parents looking for something for their children to do besides playing video games . The parents will enjoy playing their kids on it also .
 I bought this table for my 21 year old daughter and husband to play while she was home from college for a visit . Both love billiards -- and my daughter is studying in London , where she plays all the time . As I said in my title , this table is truly pub-quality -LRB- though portable , of course -RRB- . Although my daughter is really an adult now , I believe children would love it too .
 My Grandchildren received this for Christmas . They had a blast playing this , and the ages were from 6 to 16 . They visit us often and I plan to buy one so they will be able to play at their Nanny ; s house.This sits on a table and is very Sturdy , it does not slide around , everything is perfect . IF Amazon had this with Free shipping I would buy it but their Supplier wants $ 30.00 to Ship it.The table is a Great Buy , but I have to look elsewhere for a better price on shipping.A Great Buy .
 This product is great for having fun either in office or in home with limited space . I have never imagined that this miniature pool table could have brought so much fun to our family ! The quality of the table , balls and cues is very good !
 I looked at a lot of tabletop products before deciding on this pool table for our 10-year-old son 's birthday . We were worried that it would be too small or too rickety . But it 's really pretty nice for the money . The balls feel like real balls . And playing on a smaller table does n't change the fun or feel of playing pool . We like it ; the kids like it ... unfortunately one of our cats like it , too , camping out on it and even knocking the balls into the pockets ! : -RRB-
 This Table top Pool Table is better than I expected . Lots of fun especially when you do n't have room for a full size pool table .
 So much fun ! This little pool table gives enough of a challenge for even the adults , yet is small enough to put away when not in use . It is good quality and sturdy construction - a standard quality pool table in a smaller size ! Small size , but big fun !
 This item was well worth the money . My kids 7 and 11 and their friends have a great time playing this mini pool table . They first used it at their school daycare and wanted one for home.It is easy to put together , in fact my 7 year old could n't wait and put it together himself .
 The Club Fun table top miniature pool table arrived on time from The Price Pros . The $ 16 + shipping fee makes the price of this table a little high , but this little pool table is so much fun even for adults . The table arrived out of the box with 2 small damages -LRB- a tiny hole and a small dent in the inner lip of the table -RRB- , but we were willing to overlook that because this table is so much fun and the accessories -LRB- balls and cues -RRB- and table itself look nice . The only part that looks of low quality is the pockets
 My 8 year old son got this as a gift and he loves it ! He 's always looking for a buddy to play pool with . It 's a great little table just right for his size . We have it set up on his train table and it works great !
 This was purchased to be part of a series of lessons on creation . Another reviewer said it is cuter than the picture and they are right . The puppet is easy to manipulate and has loads of character . I ca n't wait to use it as the kids will love it . We 'll probably have a contest to name our new assistant teacher .
 This puppet makes a great addition to the child who loves creating shows . Soft and easy to use for lots of fun times !
 Very cute ! I purchased it for my music and movement class . The children LOVED the puppet , very expressive and it certainly brought the `` Little Fish , Big Fish '' poem to life . There were other reviews on this puppet that swayed my decision to order it . The merchant sent it in a timely fashion . No complaints here .
 My 6 yr . old grandson loves to play with puppets and this has been his all time favorite . He has determined the fish to be a male and insists on calling him `` Mable '' . I love the creativity this toy has brought about and the hours of play and interaction involving my grandson and myself . Mable seems to have become part of our family and we have to consider what `` Mable '' would want to do in a lot of circumstances . This has allowed me to help teach many positive lessons to a young impressible mind .
 When I first saw this fish , it looked to me like an angrier version of Nemo . I got it anyway , though , for my 1 yr old nephew . I opted for the hand puppet because it will be easy for him to learn to use it . He can sleep with it , play with it , throw it , and it wo n't hurt anyone .
 This is an absolutly adorable fish puppet . The photo does not do it justice . i was n't sure that it was what I was wanting for a puppet show but it tuned out to exceed my expectations . Vety comical features and easy to manipulate both fins and mouth .
 This is sooooooo cool ! I brought it to school , and people in my classes loves it ! I 'm ten and I go to 5th grade . I go to Fillmore elementry . This product is real cool ! Trust me , you 'll love it !
 This Steiff Pink Elephant is every little girls dream , soft , washable and durable , it is going to give my four year old years of pleasure and I sure she will be able to pass it on in many years to come .
 I bought this to add to the pink elephant decor of my Goddaughter 's baby shower . This little creature was the perfect touch as a topper to a diaper cake . Though not the same quality as most Steiff toys , it 's an excellent value for the price .
 one of the first statue pieces i bought for my mother . did n't even know it was like 77 out 100 made in the world . she loved it .
 Great toy for little kids who are walking . It is good for inside and outside . It is cute . You ca n't fall off it and fall very far . Very gentle design . It is fun . It is inexpensive . It plants the idea that farming and gardening are good things , a unique truth in our modern age .
 My daughter loves the eggplant ! A nice alternative to a hobby horse !
 Have a Native American friend or just someone who you love ? Give them Little Feather and you will make someone very happy . The detail and colors on this little guy are beautiful .
 This was my daughters first stuffed animal . The crinkly wings were an instant hit at a couple of months old . -LRB- We did take off the chest tag for fear she would but left the wing button . -RRB- She is 2 1/2 now and still loves her duck . It is great for grasping and hugging . It sits for tea parties and kicks / flaps for dancing . It has survived many washings -LRB- air dry -RRB- , and expect many more to come . There have been no issues with any of the seams or thinning of fabric . It is a quality stuffed animal . However , it is made in China , NOT Germany like many of the other lines of Steiff .
 This item was an excellent purchase as Stieff plush are collector 's items . Besides that -- he is adorable !
 We bought this for my daughter at 11 months old . It is by far her favorite toy . She would ride in this all day long if she could . We have pushed her in it for a mile at a time with no discomfort to either one of us . The parent handle is a nice height . I 'm 5 ' 8 and pleased not to have to stoop to push her . My daughter loves this car so much that she actually threw her first temper tantrum when we took her out after a long ride . She did not want to stop riding :-RRB- I am very pleased with how durable it is , the seatbelt , the kid-friendly appeal of the car , the parent 's friendly handle , and the reasonable price . We will be buying this for all first birthday present gifts from now on !
 I RECOMMEND THIS TO ALL MY FRIENDS ... WE NEVER USED OUR STROLLERS AFTER USING THIS ... WE HAVE TWIN GIRLS AND THEY LOVED BEING IN IT WHEN WE WENT SHOPPING AT THE MALL , MARKET , ZOO OR WHEREVER ... IT WAS EVEN EASIER TO PUSH TWO OF THEM AT ONCE THEN OUR EXPENSIVE TWINS STROLLER ... THE KIDS LOVED GETTING IN AND OUT OF IT , PUTTING STUFF IN THE FRONT TRUNK ... AT A TIME WHEN KIDS DO N'T LIKE TO BE BELTED INTO A STROLLER ... THEY LOVED IT ... ALL MY FRIENDS WHO HAVE BOUGHT THEM HAVE SAID THE SAME ... PLUS YOU GET TO USE IT FOR ALMOST 3YEARS ... WORTH EVERY PENNY !!!
 Have had the push around buggy since she was 8 mth . Now 21/2 still loves it . When shopping other kids have to have a ride in the buggy . Everyone ask where to get one . If you do n't have one already do n't delay in purchasing . Only negative if out for the day can not recline for sleeping . But do n't let that stop you from buying one today
 We purchased the Push Around Buggy for our daughter when she was about 10 months old . The routine is after dinner , we take a ride . She adores this Buggy . When she 's cranky , all I have to say is `` buggy ride '' and she perks right up and runs to the door . She is now 16 months old and getting a little big for it , but it has certainly done a great job at keeping her busy and occupied outside . She now prefers to push the buggy with her dolls or animals in it . This is a must-have toy for parents !!!
 My daughter got her Push Around Buggy for her 1st birthday . Out of all her birthday gifts , I would have to say that she gets the most joy out of this one ! I used to take her for her morning stroll in her stroller , but now the stroller has been pushed aside and replaced by the buggy . She absolutely loves riding in it , and I have the peace of mind knowing that she is secured in it with the seat belt . And it 's a good thing she has that seat belt on , because she will bounce up and down with excitement everytime she goes riding in it ! It 's very easy to manuever with the sturdy handle -- with just a slight push down on the handle , you can raise the front of the car to go up the curb or do a quick manuever around an obstacle . This buggy is a great buy for the price -LRB- there are other more expensive push-toys out there -RRB- . My only regret is that we did n't get this sooner !
 We bought this for my daughter when she was 8.5 months old -- in the store we tested it out - she was locked in and it had walls on the sides to help suport her body . Next thing my husband and I knew - my son -LRB- 8 -RRB- was flying around the store with her , and she was holding on and laughing so hard she had tears in her eyes ! When it was time to go she cried all the way home untill we put her back in it !! She would have slept in it it we would have let her . Now she 's 10 months - and still loves it the same ! We take this to the mall -LRB- instead of using a stroller -RRB- and on walks !! Must Have ! Plus storage in the front ! Room for a bottle - cheerios - 1 diaper - small baby wipes !
 My daughter recieved this pink buggy as a gift for her first birthday . When she was around 14 months old she really got the hang of understanding it . So many times we tell her to go honk the horn and she 'll crawl and now walk to the buggy and honk the horn . She keeps her favorite toys stuffed in the trunk compartment . As for being educational , it has a definately got her to understand the importantance of fasting her seat belt . Out of the many toys she has , this buggy is her favorite .
 Yep , my 1.5-year-old niece really loves this little car . Got it for her when she turned 1 and at first she would love to just crawl over and sit in it and watch her videos , and then soon she found out how much fun it was to be taken for little rides around the living room . From there , it was outside for further excursions , and she just ate it up . However , now that she 's learned to walk , she seems to have more fun pushing it around by the handle and aiming for the poor dogs , so the dogs do n't really like it anymore , but she just loves it ... It 's easy to assemble and actually comprises of like three pieces . My niece could 've probably put it together herself , if that 's any indication . She likes playing with the wheel and I think it might have a horn that honks but I ca n't remember . The buckle strap is pretty durable , and she enjoyed playing with that too , chewing on it or trying to figure out how to work the mechanism . The long handle at the back is at a good height for parents and is firmly set into the unit . The wheels are plastic , which could become a noisy problem while on the street , but it 's great on grass and carpeting . There 's even a storage space in the ` trunk ' which I do n't think she 's figured out yet.One possible problem -LRB- depending on how you look at it -RRB- with this toy is that the wheels do n't rotate . You ` turn ' it by essentially pushing the handle where you want it to go . This is great for wee ones who ca n't work a pedal mechanism just yet , so perhaps ` problem ' is a misnomer . You could probably work some wicked skids with this thing on low-pile carpeting.All in all , a great little product . Affordable , safe for her to play with on her own , durable enough for a plastic car , nice for a neighborhood stroll or tooling around the backyard ... and you ca n't beat the price . It 's one of those toys that 's big enough in size to impress them but nicely affordable.The only tricky part with this car is how gauging how much energy you have , because ten laps around the living room still had her threatening tantrums for more ...
 I bought this car for my daughter when she was 8 months old and she loves it . It is great when I walk to the bus stop with my kids and they like to push her in it as well . The front hood opens for storage which is great for carrying along bottles , diapers , toys & any other gear you may need . It has even encouraged me to get out and walk more too . I would highly recommend this toy to any parent of an infant or toddler .
 We bought this for our 18 month old at Christmas . Now that spring is here we really get alot of use out of it . I feel the seat belt is a great featue , and the foot rest area makes it easy to push her around without worrying about her feet dragging . It 's the perfect size , and we can keep up with her big sister on her bike ! I like this better than the cars the kids push themselves , and it is great before they can petal a bike . Excellent for 1 and 2 year olds . We are buying one for our neice soon !
 My daughter hates being in a stroller when we are shopping or walking around at the mall ... this is great for those times , I put her in it , and she just sits in it while I shop . She loves it and even cries sometimes when we put it away , so we have left it out in the house , and she will sit in it to watch tv , or hide her stuff in the `` trunk '' . I would definitely buy this again ! It assembles in 2 seconds , and it is so simple to take the handle out to put it in the trunk !
 My daughter first tried riding on it when she was hospitalized , we borrowed it from the unit 's playroom to get her around and boy she does not want to get off ! There were only two so it was a first come first serve basis ! There were days we could not see one around . It was great for all the kids and parents alike since the kid can be on it and the parents pushes it along with the IV stand ! A good alternative to a stroller I might say ! The safety belt helps a lot too!We got one for her now -LRB- my husband prefered the pink and purple one for our daughter -RRB- and she loves it ! I just wish we could have bought it sooner ! Highly recommended !
 My ex-husband bought this for my daughter when she was about 18 months old , during the summer time and against my advice since I knew once summer was over it would have to go into storage until spring . Granted she loved the car and used it all summer , not that it 's spring time and she 's almost 2 she wants to use it ... but her legs are too long and ca n't fit in it well enough . I wish he would 've bought this for her 1st birthday rather than after it so she could 've got more use from it . It 's a great car providing you have a tiny child , otherwise I do n't see how it could fit a child up to 3 years old .
 I bought this for my daughter a year and a half ago and she absolutely loves it . She is now 3 years old and she is still riding in it down in the basement during the winter months . For our evening walks in summer , she had the choice of riding in this dune buggy , a wagon , or a stroller , and the dune buggy always prevailed . I love the fact that it has a seatbelt , it made me feel safer knowing she could n't suddenly stand up or fall out . I gave it a 3 for educational value only because it is more for fun than learning . And the durability received a 4 rating because the wheels have numerous cracks in them from wear and tear . Other than that , I 'd say this was well worth the money I paid for it , and if you want to get some exercise with your kids along , this is a great way to include them .
 I bought this for my daugher when she was 15 months old , she is almost 20 months old now . She loves this car ! We use this to get the mail , shop and just have fun . Sometimes we use the car inside too . Most of the time the car is in the back of the Suburban and use it when we go shopping . My daughter gets great joy out of her `` ride '' . She loves to beep the horn while we 're driving . We get many compliments each time we take her out in it . I do have to say it is very loud on concrete but I can live with the noise because of the ease of transporting my daughter - she does not like the stroller so this is our substitute!This car is adorable , really happy it comes in `` girly '' colors . I think it was money well spent .
 This is absolutely the best toy my husband and I ever purchased , period . Our daughter loves it , and our son is now using it too.There is just nothing wrong with this toy . It is easy to push , unlike so many other riding toys . Kids love it !! It is safe , holds up to everything , is reasonably priced , and goes anywhere . We store it in our trunk for trips to the park , grandmas , you name it . Ca n't recommend this toy highly enough !
 This is a great toy ! My daughter is 8 months old and loves it !!! It is great for taking a walk to the pool and not needing to to use the stroller . From the moment I put my daughter in this buggy at the store , she was all smiles !
 I recently bought this for my thirteen month old daughter and I must say it is one of the best purchases I have ever made.My goal was to get something , aside from her stroller , that I could take to the park or just for a stroll around the block . When I purchased this I had no idea that she would love it as much as she does!From the moment I took the car out of the box , my daughter walked right up to the car and climbed on in . I took her for a preview ride around the living room and she squealed with delight , the only problem is that once I stopped , she started crying for more ! LOL . She is constantly climbing into the car and whining for me to come push her around.She enjoys beeping the horn and Mommy enjoys the fact that there is a safety belt to keep her securely strapped in . She loves to turn the steering wheel but unlike other push and ride toys she has no control over the path we take . I love that ! It beats having to stop and adjust handle bars every two feet so that we can go in a straight line.I love this thing but more importantly so does my daugher . I gave this toy 5 stars in each category because of the amount of joy it has bought my daughter and because I think that any toy that encourages imagination is wonderful . I would recommend this to anyone .
 I have 2 daughters one is 2 and the other is 8 months . My 8 month old absolutley loves this car . Both of my girls liked going for walks with it . We bought it for my older daughter after she was 1 , which may have been a little late for her to get to really enjoy it , but we started to put our little one in it as soon as she could sit up & she loves it ever time she is in it . We enjoyed it so much we purchased it as a gift for our friends and they love it to . We take it everywhere even camping . Highly recommended !!!!!!!!!!!
 My daughter got this for her first birthday and loves it . The only down side is that her legs are pretty long , so now that she is almost two , it 's a little small for her . I wish she would have gotten it a bit earlier so she could get more use out of it . It is listed that it is good for kids up to 3 years old . If you have a big child , though , you wo n't have it that long . I wish it would be a little bigger because she loves it and does n't want us to put it away .
 This buggy was a great investment . My daughter loves to shut the trunk when it 's open . She holds the wheel and just waits to go . It has ridden on pavement , dirt , grass , and bricks . It 's just such a durable rider , I use it as much as my stroller . Thank you - Diane in CT
 We bought this ride on buggy for my daughter 's first birthday . It was her favorite gift by far . She always points to it and wants to ride non stop . The front opening is great to store toys , bottles , ect ... Will by again for other children as well
 Our daughter gets distracted easily , but loves this . She got it for Christmas . Once she saw this , she did n't care about any of her other presents . Now she climbs in it and starts hopping up and down to get pushed around .
 We received this as Cmas present for our 1 year old daughter . She loves it ! We find ourselves pushing her around the house for hours in it!It is very durable , solid and attractive . As with any toy , your child must be supervised while playing , but it seems very safe . We wish it could replace her stroller for more contented shopping excursions!A terrific present for a busy toddler ! We love it !
 One of my co-workers gave this car -LRB- the red one -RRB- to my son ... & he was just 9 months . He is know 1 1/2 and we are still using the car , it 's great . When he will see another kid touch the car he will make sounds and push their hands away . He loves this car . I think every parent should buy one of these . Sometimes I use the buggy instead of the stroller .
 This toy was bought for my daughter when she was 8 months old by her grandma . She could already sit up well so she got it for her because it had a seatbelt . My daughter loves it . We keep it as an outside toy and she loves to be pushed around in it for as long as you will do it . We even put her 5 month old cousin in it with a pillow in front of her to hold her up and slowly pushed her in the yard and she loved looking around . I think it is very educational because it gives them a chance to look around outside and pay attention to all the noises and sights . My daughter is almost ayear old now and still loves it she is very active and I think its good for her to just sit back and just relax for a little bit .
 My Daughter gets alot of buggy rides at her daycare and loves it . So we bought this buggy and she loves being in it . She beeps the horn and sits upright with her hands on the steering wheel . Its a big hit . I agree with the person that says it should come with some sort of cover . .
 We bought this for our daughter when she turned one , and she loved it the first time we put her in it . She plays with it all the time turning the wheel and climbing in and out of it . This is a toy you wo n't be sorry you bought . We go for walks outside in it and then she likes to watch tv sitting in it . It is hours of fun .
 My daughter received this for her 1st birthday , and she absolutely loves it . Its a wonderful product for little ones . It also has a seat belt , and a long easy to push handle .
 My daughter thinks she is ALL that in her pink car !! This is the cutest stinkin ' thing ever ~ ~ the whole neighborhood comments on it . Great seat belt and foot rests for added safety and comfort . Storage trunk for a coat , pacifier , snacks , drinks , keys , cell phone ... or whatever you need to take with you . It is very loud ride though .
 when she opened it christmas morning she made her mama pull her all over in it and did n't want to get out and now i actually need another one at the same price , but purple in color let me know if you have any available ... thanks
 This buggy rocks ! My daughter wants me to take her around the house in this thing . It gives her a new aspect on going for a walk . She got fussy in the stroller after sitting there for a little bit . I invested in one of these and she absolutely loves it . i bought it when she was 12 months aold and 2 months later she still loves it . good buy so far . Easy to assemble and tow around .
 We bought this car for my daughter when she was just 10 months old . She was n't quite walking but was able to sit in the car quite comfortably and be safe with the straps on . We used the car every day for about a year , to parks , in the back yard and walking to the shops . She LOVED it . My daughter is now 4 years old and the car is still in our back yard and at least once a week she will get it out and make me push her along the path in it . Obviously she is a bit big for it now -LRB- and she is a very tall 4 year old -RRB- but she fit in it up until last year . This is a great product .
 I BOUGHT THIS EASY TO ASSEBLE BUGGY 3 YRS AGO AND IT IS VERY WORTH IT . MY KIDS LOVE IT ! . ALTHOUGH , I DO N'T USE IT AS MUCH AS I USED TO , IT DOES COME IN HANDY AND MY KIDS ENJOY THE STROLL . I HONESTLY LIKE THIS BUGGY BECAUSE IT IS PRETTY SAFE -LRB- COMES WITH AN AJUSTABLE SEAT BELT -RRB- AND IS PRETTY DURABLE AND LIGHT WIEGHT . ANOTHER THING I REALLY LIKE ABOUT THIS BUGGY IS THAT IT CAN BE WIPED DOWN WITH JUST A DAMP CLOTH ... NOTHING DIFFICULT TO IT REALLY : -RRB-
 We got my daughter the pink buggy for her 1st birthday , and it was an immediate hit ! She just loves to sit in the car and ride around the neighborhood . It is so cute , she will sit w/her hands on the steering wheel so it looks like she is driving . I also love the fact that this car has a seatbelt , many others I looked at did not . I would recommend this car to anyone !
 This is my 11 month-old daughter 's favorite toy , and has been since her first ride . Olivia has 3 same-age playmates on our street -- between the 4 of them there were 3 of these little cars , which they all -LRB- along with a handful of 2-4-year old friends on the street -RRB- share during 5:00 `` get-together time '' outside . We finally had to buy a 4th car , because each of the 4 kids longs for his/her car at other times of the day , and we hated for one house to be `` car-less '' in the mornings -- Olivia excitedly looks for her little car as I carry her downstairs every morning ! She 'd rather ride around in this car -LRB- or walk behind it -RRB- than ride in her stroller or baby jogger . The older kids -LRB- 2-4 years old -RRB- on the street love these cars every bit as much as the little ones , and every afternoon , our cul de sac is a flurry of turn-taking and racing -LRB- with mommies pushing -RRB- on these great little cars .
 I just bought the buggy for my 17 months old daughter , we had a beautiful day that week and I took her for a ride around the block and she really loved it , I 'm glad I bought it . One thing is missing though , it needs a covering to shelter from the sun on hot summer days , that would make it perfect .
 I would like to comment on this item -LRB- push around buggy -RRB- . I bought it for my grandaughter for Christmas and it made a big hit . I was impressed by the way the riding toy was made . Everyone that was there loved it and I will be ordering another one in red and blue for my grandsons birthday .
 I bought this for my grand daughter for her 1 year birthday , and she absolutely loves it ! It 's great ! My daughter and son-in-law push her around in it and she just laughs hysterically . We love that it has a seat belt to help prevent any falls . I would highly recommend this to anyone . The handle makes it so easy to push around !!! This is the best 1st car I could have bought her !!!
 Bought this for our one year olds birthday-she loves it , and so does her almost three year old sister , who fits in it just as well . Easy to assemble . All pieces there , plus spares . Easy to get around . Could do with a cup holder or something !
 We lovvvvvvvvvvve this car ! I loved this car with other peoples babies in it before mine . My baby loves it , everyone we pass loves it . I guess its just such a nice change from the stroller all the time . We use it everyday to walk to get big sister from school . We have had it over a year now . My baby is 2 and still has plenty of room ! I think we are going to just keep it around for visiting kids or grandkids in the future ! Great toy .
 My little one year old loves her pink car . She gets in her little car and yells for someone to push her .
 I purchased this for my daughter 's first birthday and she loves it . We use it to walk to the park and she feels like she is a big kid like her brother and sister . She likes to put stuff in the trunk as well . Downfalls is that my husband is too tall to use the handle he has to scruntch over . I 'm 5 ' 2 '' and it is perfect for me and there is no other stage for it . Meaning you the child ca n't make it go herself without being in a very uncomfortable position . If you think of it as another stroller you and your baby will enjoy it .
 Our grandaughter loves to be able to `` drive '' as we push her . Buggy is durable and great for toddler age .
 We bought this for our daughter for her 1 year birthday , and she absolutely loves it ! It 's great for indoors and outdoors . We push her around the house in it and she just laughs hysterically . We love that it has a seat belt to help prevent any falls . I would highly recommend this to anyone . The handle makes it so easy to push around !!! This is the best 1st car we could have bought her !!!
 This toy is a lifesaver for me . We got it for our 10 month old as she learned to crawl and believe it or not , it helped her to walk ! She not only crawls up to it every morning but can now hoist herself up and into the sturdy seat with very little help ! She is so attached to it I think it has become her very favorite toy . Construction is excellent on this ; the chubby wheels are solid and roll easily in the street or around the house , even on thick carpeting . The long handle makes it a cinch for mom and dad to push and the little storage compartment in front is perfect for a little bottle , your keys if you 're just taking a quick stroll , or even a quick diaper change . The seat is just the right width to keep tiny tushies secure , and the adjustable seatbelt fits pefectly . If your child is n't able to completely support themselves sitting upright , then they 're not ready for this buggy just yet , but once they can sit alone , the seatbelt and comfy foot rest is perfect . Colors are very appealing too , and the removable handle makes storage convenient . I would recommend this to any parent who loves to spend time outdoors without a stroller . And if you have room in the house , it 's fun indoors too .
 I bought this for my daughter for her first birthday and gave it to her early . She absolutely loves it , she gets a kick out of pulling up the hood and putting in toys and taking them out . I push her all around the house and make noises and she just laughs . I would recommend this toy to anyone considering buying it . The most important feature is the seatbelt , it makes me feel a lot better knowing she ca n't fall out .
 I just bought this item for my little girl 's first birthday and it is very cute . I love the style , the colors and especially the handle so that I as well as her six year old sister can push the buggy with ease . The seat belt is an nice extra feature and the structure of the seat keeps her snug and safe inside !
 Our daughter is more than 2-yrs-old and she has had this toy since she was 9-month-old and still loves it . We used it so much the 1st year we had it that two of the tires cracked . When used outside , this ride-on toy is fairly loud but once the tires cracked , it became even louder . So I e-mailed the Step 2 company asking how I could go about purchasing new tires and without even being told , I received a package in the mail from Step 2 -LRB- via UPS -RRB- and enclosed were 2 brand new tires ! Absolutely free . They did n't even ask me to pay for shipping or proof of purchase or anything ! They were easy to replace and we have puts lots more miles on those new tires . We still love this toy as much as our daughter .
 We bought this car for my daughter for her 1st Birthday . She loves it . She always wants to go for a ride around the house/block in it . I purchased this car over many others becuase it has a floor for her to put her feet on , and it also has the `` saftey belt '' to keep her from climbing out . She still little and I was nervous putting her in a car without these features . It is very light and easy to move around . This car is a big hit in our house . I have also recommended it to several freinds who bought it also . They have been giving me rave revievws too .
 My little one received this car for her first birthday . She loved it at first sight . Being the littlest of 7 she had plenty of people willing to push her around the house and around the neighborhood . I think this toy is adorable and it got plenty of use but would have much more longevity if there was a way for little feet to move it themselves . Other than the fact that this car is pretty much a buddy toy I think it 's great and it gets an A from me ! : D
 This is such fun for my 9 months old . At first I thought the straps were not going to be enought to hold her in , but they do the job ! We push her everywhere in this . Its great and I couldnt be happier with its preformance and durability .
 We bought this for our daughter to ride in during a parade , thinking that she probably would n't get too much more use out of it . 6 months later she still loves it . She is 14 months now and she loves to climb in and out of the car . She likes to push it around as well . This is a great buy and very durable . The assembly is super easy too !
 We have owned the push around buggy for almost a year now and it is still used on a daily basis . I first bought this when my daughter was 9 mo. old and she was as thrilled with it then as she is now . When spring came around we made daily walks with me pushing her in the car . Now she likes to push it herself as well as ride in it . The kids in our neighborhood all love taking turns pushing her and each other in it . The `` trunk '' on the front of the buggy serves as either storage or -LRB- more commonly in my home -RRB- for holding treasures such as rocks , leaves , or other things found outdoors . This buggy requires very little assembly -LRB- all you have to do is pop the handle into the back of the car -RRB- and can easily be thrown into your car to make trips to the zoo , park , or mall a little more fun than with a stroller .
 This car has been the most useful thing we 've gotten for our daughter ! We 've had it for almost a year and and a half and she loves it , and we love it . It still looks great and works like the day we got it . It 's great for little walks ! We use it every day to walk her older siblings to school and back . GREAT BUY !
 We bought this for our toddler when she was only two and did not regret it . Not only was it perfectly sized for her , but the secure waist belt made sure she did not tumble out as we rolled along . The generous size of the buggy and chunk wheels made for a smooth ride , the long push handle was very easy to maneuver , even on curbs , and the storage compartment on the hood was great for tossing juice , keys , etc. . We got many years of use out of this wonderful toy , and even kept it outdoors in the winter time with no ill effects . The handle unscrews to fit snugly under the buggy so you can store it without the handle sticking out if you choose . This is one great investment , and your child will surely enjoy it for years , or until they outgrow it !
 This buggy is great ! I would suggest this to anyone . I have told all my friends they have to get this , it moves so easy and handles very well .
 We bought the pink Push Around Buggy and the second we put my 9-month old in the driver seat , she had a huge smile on her face ! She just loves it . We take it to the park , on walks and everywhere else.The trunk is perfect for storing keys or a bottled water or sweater for your baby , and the handle is a great height for not having to lean over when you walk . The buggy is easy to push and steer and my sweetie loves `` driving '' all around.The only thing I dislike is the plastic tires - I wish they were rubber and little quieter . Other than that we love it though !! Great purchase !
 We love this toy . We bought it for our -LSB- ... -RSB- , she loves it and our -LSB- ... -RSB- loves it too . By far one of the best that we have bought and we have put some through a tough road and it works just as well as it always has .
 I bought this for my 10 month old baby and it is really cute . She got on and did not want to get off . The only burden I saw was the seat belt it is very difficult to assemble . You have to screw the seat belt on to the buggy . It has 2 big screws one for each side of the seat belt . And you need to use a small screwdriver because it is difficult to get a screwdriver in straight to begin screwing on the screws . I think Step 2 should just have those screwed on already . This is the only flaw I seen but other than that it is pure joy for your baby and you .
 Hard to get this item - My daughter looks so cute in this little pink car ! Driving around my kitchen ! LOL
 I bought this for my first daughter when she was a year old . she LOVED it ! She loved putting things in the `` hood '' compartment and having mommy or daddy push her in it outside -LRB- there is even a cup holder -RRB- . I loved it because she could not easily fall out of it , if the seat belt was buckled . Now that my first daughter is 3 1/2 my second daughter who is one also loves it , and it is still as good as new ! This is a very durable toy and the color has not faded even though we live in Arizona and it stays outside . I would definatley recommend this toy !!!
 This was a first birthday present for my grandaughter.My daughter asked for this buggy because it had the safty strap . She loves it and it 's perfect for her and her brother -LRB- 3 -RRB- to go for a walk with mom . She really thinks she is something and is happy for long walks . It is also very easy to push . No bending over .
 this car is the best purchase I have bought for my daughter as of yet ! She absolutely loves to sit in and `` drive '' . I bought it for her when she was able to sit up sturdily at 6 months . Its a good thing to have when you just want to take them for a quick walk to the park , it even has storage under the hood ! as for the road noise , i havent even noticed it , once i did its not much louder than the typical big wheel we all had as kids.this is a bargain for the price ... she loves it , thats all that matters , it makes her smile and giggle and thats all mommy needs !
 My daughter loves this car . I push her around the neighborhood every evening , and she never gets tierd of it . I also take it tothe mall , and I can actually spend time shopping , because she is so happy sitting in her car . I love that the car has a seat belt which keeps her safe . This was one of the best purchases I have made for her .
 We just purchased this for our 10-month old daughter and she loves it ! She ca n't get enough of it . I do agree , the wheels are very noisy . Other than that , I think it 's great .
 Our duaghter LOVES this toy ... she loves to ride not only around the neighborhood and in the house , but we take it to the grocery store and she rides around in her little car . It fits in the trunk easily , just pop off the handle . BUY ONE !
 I bought this toy as a first birthday gift for a friends daughter , because my son recieved one . It is sturdy , durable , easy to manuever , and best of all my son loves to play in it . It really resembles a car , with a horn , and a key . The best thing is the sturdy seatbelt and the seat curves and holds them up even if they are still a bit weak . A great toy for your little guy or girl . A + + + +
 Buggy is great , the baby loves it . Easy to put together.When we got it it was missing an axle , but this was due to Fedex . There was a hole in the box and the axle must have slipped out . I bought a steel shaft at Lowe 's and made one because it was received on the baby 's birthday and we wanted her to have it that day .
 This toy was great but very poor shipping it was missing a rod for the front tires so I had to go to Lowes and purchase a rod cut it etc. . . the box had a major hole I was very upset never would I order from this site again customer service was ok and so was the toy .
 My daughter loves this little buggy . It is the best investment I have made as far as toys . I took it to her daycare and they turned around and bought one . It 's awesome . She loves to ride in it . It 's closer to the ground and gives her more to look at than a stroller . I would buy another one in a minute .
 My son loves to go out in the push around , much more than the Bob Revolution . Great purchase . No complaints at all .
 It is really nice when your shopping or going walking . They think they are big stuff driving a car .
 After reading all the reviews I decided to buy this for my Granddaughter for her 1st birthday ... it was her favorite gift and her mom saved it for last knowing once she saw it the rest of the gift opening would be over . She immediately climbed in , got buckled up , hands on the wheel at 10 & 2 and away she went . Her parents have been taking her out driving everyday since .
 It 's incredible how my daughter who is 15month old loves this toy very much . My husband and me push the toy with my doughter inside and all of us enjoyed and laughted a lot . This toy is outstanding I ca n't wait for the summer to take the buggy car outside .
 My daughter love , love , loves this buggy . Her face lights up when she sees it and she cries when you take her out of it . It is very durable and great for going for walks .
 My parents bought this for my oldest Daughters 1st birthday . She loved it . She called it `` the bus '' for the longest time , and we took daily walks with it . She 's now going to be 3 and has moved onto her tricycle , but I have it for her little sister , when she turns 1 . I would tell everyone to get one for their child !
 My granddaughter loves being pushed around in this car ! She 's not squirmy or fussy like she can be in a stroller . She thinks she is in control . She climbs up in it all by herself and `` drives off , '' honking the horn along the way . It 's great !
 We bought this for our daughters first birthday . She absolutely loves it . The car handle is solid makes it easy to push the car and turn with it . There is a seat belt that adjusts to your childs size which is nice as well because little ones like to stand up . I would recommend this car to anyway who has little ones - made well and safe for toddlers .
 My one year old loves this product ! It is easy to push and steer , very light weight . I highly recommend this product .
 This buggy is a God sent to any parent of an outgoing child ! My 13 month old absolutely adores this buggy ! She looks forward to going out for rides in it . It is very durable and worth every penny ! And to think I hesitated to purchase it because of the cost . Anyone considering this product will definitely NOT be disappointed .
 I purchased this as a first birthday present . The baby loves to go riding in it . It 's easy to manuaver . I wish there was a key attached to the ignition switch rather than just a sticker . The baby likes to reach for the sticker . Overall I am very happy with the buggy and so is the little one .
 Our daughter never tires of being pushed in her pink cruiser . Whether in the house or on the road the rider is pretty smooth . The seat belt is secure enough to keep her in the car even if she tries to stand . Great value for $ $ $ spent .
 We bought it for our daughters 1st birthday and when it showed up , she fell in love with it and loves being on it . We have a hard time getting her off . It 's an absolutely wonderful toy because if she wants to ride but I cant push , her two older brothers can push her because its easy to handle .
 I bought this toy for my daughters first birthday , she absolutely loved it , we used it when we went on walks to the park or down the street she would pretend she was driving , puttiong her elbow on the side while she watched the ground move by her , she is now 4 years old and the toy we had to give away , i now have another little girl about to have her 1st birthdsy , i plan o n buying this car for her first birthday , i definately recommend this toy , great buy , very durable and very fun for the little ones to enjoy their first car ride .
 My daughter received this when she was nine months old and has been riding in it several times a day ever since . She loves her pink car ! We push it around the house , on the sidewalk throughout the neighborhood , and take it with us to visit Great Grandma in the retirement center and other public places . It even rides well on the dirt trails near our home . The only drawback that I have found is that the handle is only attached by one bolt which sometimes makes it difficult when I try to make a sharp turn or get the car over a big bump .
 My son has loved this car since he set eyes on it ! We put him in it about 7 months and he is 18 months now and still loves it !
 I bought this toy when my daughter was 9 months old . It 's GREAT . The chair is a good fit . The seat belt holds her fine . It 's very durable and it 's got such a cute design . I used to bring it to the mall and I would get stopped all the time from people who find it adorable and want to get it for themselves . I use it to take her for a walk around the block . And my daughter loves it . She puts her hands on the wheel and pretends to drive it . She even honks the horn . She just loves it . I would definitely recommend this toy . And the fact that it 's editor 's choice show 's ya something . = -RRB-
 We recently bought this buggy for our one year old . She loves it ! Every morning she sits in the buggy in anticipation for her morning buggy ride . She has much more fun in this buggy than she does her stroller . The wheels are loud , but just seeing how much fun she is having as she rides in it makes it worth it . I would recommend this product to all parents !
 Daddy and the little princess have had many laughs with this car ! They race all around the house and driveway . We park our pink car beside Mommy 's car in the garage and we can barely get in our carseat because she is trying to climb out of the real car and into `` her '' car !
 We just recently got this from online for my 14 month old , it took 2 seconds to put together and my daughter loves it . She wants to ride it all the time , and its a nice change from a stroller . Its very durable . I would highly recomend it .
 I purchased the push around buggy for my 8 month old daughter . She loves it !! My neighbors one year old gets so excited every time he sees it too . Easier to use then a wagon . I really like the strap and the storage compartment -LRB- we use it as a cooler for longer walks -RRB- . I am purchasing two more to give as gifts . Wonderful toy .
 My daughter is 9 months old now , I bought her this when she was sitting up sturdily and she absolutely loves this car ! She loves to take her walk in her car so she can drive :-RRB- And she looks so cute in it too ! The only problem is rounding corners you have to pick up the front a bit to turn sometimes but all in all its a great purchase . . I even use it to put her in while Im preparing dinner so she can go for a drive while Im busy ! It works and she loves it !
 I bought this car for my 21 month old bc she was tired of riding in her stroller and enjoyed riding in the mall `` cars '' . This car is durable and the cost is good , but be warned that it is very loud . If you do n't mind pushing something that sounds like a freight train , it is easy to steer and the handle is nice and tall . My only other negative is that the foot area is not enclosed and my child throws her feet out onto the ground while it is moving when she wants out .
 We bought this for our daughter when she was 5 months old and she absolutely loves to ride in her pink car . She does n't even have to be outside . She loves when her father pushes her just around the house . The only problem with this car are the noise made by the wheels against the pavement . It can get quite loud . Other than that this is a great toy and would highly recommend .
 My daughter loves this car . I bought it when she was 9 months and now she is 14 months and wants to ride in it in the house . I have to practically hide it from her . She loves it !
 My daughter received this buggy for her first birthday . She loves it . We use it almost everyday . She loves to be pushed in it everywhere . It has a seatbelt to keep her safe . The handle is at a perfect height for me to push her . She loves to hold onto the wheel and beep the horn . If one of her cousins tries to get in it she gets very upset . This is the best little car . I wish I would have had it for my older daughter . This is an excellent buy and keeps her very happy !
 I bought this for my daughter before she was 6 months old and was a little scared she might be too small but she did not like the stroller and we spend a lot of time outside so I thought I would give this car a shot . The strap tightened enough around her that I did not have to worry about her being too small and she fell in LOVE with this car -- I should junk the stroller . We live in sandy land and the car pushes so easy ... I just can not say enough good about it -- ITS GREAT . Money well spent . I can leave it outside and wash it off the next day . It fits in the trunk of my car -- it is just so handy ... . BUY ONE .
 We went to a holiday at my sisters . Her grandaughter had this buggy . Our daughter absolutey loved it . The next day we purchased one for our 7months old daughter and cant keep her out of it .
 I bought this for my daughter for her first birthday and we love it ! I was reluctant to spend $ 40 on it , but she got on it in the toy store and thought she was it ! We have used a lot more than I thought . The seat belt is a must as she loves for you to run down hills with her in it . She holds the steering wheel and squeals with delight . The small storage compartment is big enough for a drink , snack and a diaper . Great alternative to a stroller for neighborhood outings .
 I bought this for my daughter when she was 18 months old . She loved it at first . Now , six months later , she could take it or leave it . There is n't an awful lot of room for the child 's legs and feet . I think it is adorable but VERY loud . The whole neighborhood hears us coming . She prefers to ride in her wagon even though I push the car every time we go for a walk .
 This ` Buggy ' was given to my daughter at 9 months old . She learned to ride the Buggy before walking which taught her the meaning of transportation at a faster pace than crawling . She is now 15 months and still loves her car . She learned to sit and ride in her car before walking , therefore she knows to stay put instead of trying to get out and push her car . We live in a high-rise buidling and it 's wonderful to walk around with her Buggy . She loves to wave to everyone and they all think she looks so adorable in her little Buggy . Other children stop and watch her car go by . It 's definitely an eye catcher . The trunk is great for holding her small bottles and a few small toys . This Buggy is MUCH easier to walk around with than any of her strollers . It 's lightweight and very easy to manouver . The wheels are a little loud on the concrete ground outside . But , maybe that 's a good way to let people know that you 're approaching them . I would highly recommend this ` Buggy ' for anyone with a little one about to turn 1 year . Enjoy !!
 I just bought it for my daughter today and she didnt want to get off of it at all when it was finally time to take her off she screamed and cried lol so i had to put her back on this toy is great
 We bought the Push Around Buggy for our grandson . He thought it was great to be able to ride in it instead of a stroller when shopping . We found that he was much easier to manage because he thought it was a treat to ride in his car in the shopping centers . He loved his Push Around Buggy so much that we bought the pink one for our niece . She loves hers just as much as our grandson . This is not only great for outdoor activities but indoor as well . Compartment in the front is great for holding a few necessary items on outings with baby . Very durable . our daughters van was totaled with Push Buggy in back , Push Buggy was more durable in the wreck than the van . Not a mark on the Push Buggy . Highly recommended
 I purchased the pink car for my daughter & the red one for her twin brother 1.5 years ago & we 're still using them!Is this toy educational ? NO , but quality family time together while taking a walk is fun for all of us.The tires are loud ! We do n't have sidewalks in our neighborhood & the roads are a little beat up from the Chicagoland winters so it makes for some loud cruise ` n. I think they make the cars with rubber tires now & if I knew my kids would still be using these toys I would have spent the extra money on the better wheels.Great toy & I 'm glad I bought them .
 THIS IS THE GREATEST BUGGY FOR NEW MOMS AND BABIES . LOVE IT !! WORTH EVERY PENNY . HURRY AND GET YOURS NOW !!
 My daughter adored this car from the second we put it on the floor . She is right at the age where she can balance on a seat and enjoy riding things . From experience with other kids and my two older ones , ride-on toys like this are always a hit . I was afraid she 'd want to propel it with her feet , but she squealed with delight and had a ball just pretending to drive . Not to mention how much she loves being pushed around in it ! This is great for her because the seat has a semi-enclosed back that keeps her from falling out . And it 's low to the ground so a little tumble is n't too far down . I 've seen moms at school using this in lieu of a stroller -- great idea . Only thing is that I would n't take it for long outings -- no shade or cupholders or storage space other than under the car 's hood .
 I love this car ! The only problem that it does n't usually list in the description is that the car only has a picture of keys , unlike the red one that actually has a key they can grab and turn . That was a slight disappointment since my daughter loved the key on the red one . Other than that it 's great !
 My 16 month old loves this car ! It is perfect for rides around the neighborhood or to go to the park and is a more exciting ride than a stroller . I would highly recommend this product . The only drawback is that it is kind of loud since the wheels are plastic -LRB- remember the old Big Wheels ? It sounds like that -RRB- . But , the pros definitely outweigh the cons ... your toddler will love this !!!!!!
 We bought this buggy for our 18 month old daughter this Christmas thinking she 'd be able to ride it when the weather gets warmer . But once she saw the steering wheel on the buggy , she wanted to ride it right away . So , for now we use it in the house and even though it 's a little big to use indoors , she loves when we push her around the house . It 's just really fun , well-made and I love the color . Ca n't wait till spring when we can go outdoors and use it !
 This push around buggy was a HUGE hit ! We used it the day after Christmas , and if one person asked , 50 asked . `` Where did you get that , it is so cute and convenient . '' It 's very durable , and the colors are brilliant . I highly recommend this product . My little grand-daughter loves it !
 THIS BUGGY IS SO CUTE , WE GOT IT FOR OUR NIECE WHOS 8MONTHS OLD SHE ABSOLUTELY LOVES HER NEW CAR . IT HAS A SEATBELT FOR SAFTY REASONS WHICH IS GREAT WHEN USING WITH SMALLER CHILDREN THAN DIRECTED . ITS BEING USED INDOORS NOW AND WILL BE TAKEN OUTSIDE WHEN THE WEATHER PERMITS . THE SMILE ON HER FACE WHEN YOU BEEP THAT HORN IS PRICELESS . GREAT TOY !
 We bought this for my daughters 2nd birthday . From the time we seat-belted her in and her teenage brother took her ' 4 wheeling ' thru the bumpy grassy lawn , around the concrete of our pool she was hooked . I have taken it to the mall several times , in lieu of a stroller . She does n't get as bored or fussy in it . She is now 4 , barely fits in it , and STILL loves to be pushed in it . It has sat in the sunshiney summer sun , been covered in 3d foam stickers with her name all over it , ran up and down the asphalt street , left out in the snow and rain . It is one sturdy little toy car ! Best toy of her childhood I would have to say for the money . Better than the cozy coup , or any of the other push ride on toys . I do wish they 'd make some sort of accessory attachment for a drink holder or hook for bags at the mall . Because it is much more fun than a stroller . It 's a blast at the park . Great toy !
 This toy is a lifesaver for me . We got it for our 1 year old daughter . I think it has become her very favorite toy . Construction is excellent on this ; the chubby wheels are solid and roll easily in the street -LRB- but they are so loud , that everybody hear the buggy -RRB- or around the house , even on thick carpeting . The long handle makes it a cinch for mom and dad to push and the little storage compartment in front is perfect for a little bottle , your keys if you 're just taking a quick stroll , or even a quick diaper change . The seat is just the right width to keep tiny tushies secure , and the adjustable seatbelt fits pefectly . Colors are very appealing too , and the removable handle makes storage convenient . I would recommend this to any parent who loves to spend time outdoors without a stroller .
 I bought this for my granddaughter 's first birthday and it was the best present there . Everyone took a turn taking her for a stroll as she waved with both hands to all of us ... she loves it !
 This toy is really nice and great for short time-span outings . It has a front trunk , where I store my daughter 's pacifier , bottles , diapers , wipes , and snacks , instead of carrying a diaper bag . The only problem is , unlike a stroller , it is n't conducive if your baby or child falls asleep , as you may end up having to carry them after-all . -LSB- ... -RSB-
 This is a great allternative to the stroller for our one year old . She loves go on walks , she proudly waves to neighbors and other children while riding in her buggy : -RRB-
 My son had the red model when he was about 1 -LRB- he 's almost 5 now -RRB- ! It was one of our favorite toys . It lasted and is still being used by a neighbor who purchased it at our yard sale . I almost hated to see it go , but he was WAY 2 big for it . However , he would still try to insist that he could fit on it ! It was really nice to use when we went on long walks and he liked it better than his stroller . Everyone should have one of these !
 My baby girl loves her car , and it is very hard to get her to play with any other toy . She loves going around the block in her pink convertible rather than her stroller .
 This toy has replaced our stroller . My daughter absolutely loves to ride in this car . We take her on walks in this car as well as to the mall . She will sit and ride in this car for hours while she will only sit in the stroller for fifteen minutes .
 I purchased this buggy over the Memorial Day weekend and it was very practical . My daughter only eight months old loved it once she saw it and when we put her on she did n't want to get off . We had a few BBQs to go to and the buggy saved us and allowed my daughter to enjoy the outdoors . Plus , it has a storage compartment in the front ; I was able to fit two bottles , diapers and a travel wipe case .
 . . after a few rides , to our surprise , my daughter found to be so loud that she puts her fingers in the ears , trying to block the noise , I guess . She has done it 3-4 times so far , so it 's got ta be the noise ! As soon as the buggy stops , fingers are out !! Now , I am looking to put something on the plastic wheels to reduce the noise.Other than that , the buggy is pretty cool , she loves it . The storage compartment is userful too . Removable handle helps take it around in the car .
 We bought this car for our daughter 's 1st birthday and she loves it ! Even with her second birthday approaching she still goes for this car when we are out on nice days . She gets right in and asks to go for a walk . So not only does she get to explore our neighborhood but mom gets some exercise too ! I would have to say the only flaw is the loudness on the pavement . It can get to you after awhile . This toy was definitely worth it !
 I bought this for my 9 month old daughter . She loved her car very much to the point that her first word was ` CAR ' . I love that it has a seatbelt and it 's sturdy . The front compartment is a nice feature too .
 My daughter received this buggy for her 1st birthday , from her aunt . She absolutley loves it !!!! She crys when she has to get out . I liked it so much , I 'm buying one for my nephew 's first birthday , not the pink buggy , the blue one . I think the built in strap is a great feature and I think the buggy is very durable . Definitely `` Two Thumbs Up '' !!
 I bought this buggy at the urging of my friend who said that her son loved it . Well , she was right , it is an awesome toy . My daughter has now been using it for over a year -LRB- we bought it just before she turned 1 -RRB- and she still loves it . It is the only thing we use for neighborhood walks , and I see other kids using it everywhere too -LRB- the zoo , the mall , etc. . . -RRB- .
 I have had my push around buggy for 3 years and getting ready to push my third child around . My 4 year old got it for his first birthday . I have never had a problem with my wheels -LRB- as they are a little loud -RRB- the fun my kids have make up for it . I love this toy and ca n't believe it has lasted this long !!
 We got this for my youngest daughter on her first birthday and it is her absolute favorite toy . She will not ride in her stroller anymore so we take this car with us to the mall , park , around the neighborhood and even plan on taking it to Disney World with us -LRB- we have a suburban so it fits in our vechile with no problems -RRB- . The worst thing about this car is that it makes alot of noise on gravel streets but who cares when your child loves it so much . It was extremely easy to assemble , all we did was pull it out of the box and attach the handle . The seat belt is the biggest plus this car has over the other products like it .
 We bought this for my daughter 's first birthday and it was by far the favorite gift . It basically just pops out of the box with little to assemble but the handle . My 5 year old pushed the baby all around the house . She cranked whenever Big Sis stopped because she loved it so much . Another A + + + + + + for Step 2 .
 I bought this for my daughter as an alternative to our stroller . I read the reviews and a lot of people complained because everyone could hear them coming . I bought it anyway and sure enough once you got it on the road it was extremely loud . So my husband came up with the idea to put lawn mower tires on it . he said it would make it quieter and a more comfortable ride . So we went to lowes and he measured the mower tires to the plastic , came home and had them on in about ten min . So if you guys have a handy man like mine , put him to use , now I know that not everyone is staring at me as I push my daughter down the street to see what the heck is coming their way !!
 My daughter got this for her 1st birthday , and now approaching her second in a week , she still loves this car ! For the $ $ spent , we have really gotten our moneys worth and then some . I have used this as a stroller alternative , at the mall , for walks , and my daughter is infinitely more patient with Mommy shopping while in the car than in the stroller . I will agree , on pavement it is a little loud -LRB- remember riding a Big Wheel ? -RRB- but I have not had any problems with manuverablity , in fact it is sometimes easier to navigate the mall stores in this than the bulkier stroller . And while it 's parked at home , my daughter loves to play `` mechanic '' and do pretend repairs to her car . The strap secures her in great , the hatch stores snacks/drink for her , a few diaper supplies , and my keys & wallet nicely . We 've really enjoyed this car , I definitely recommend this car .
 Even though this is listed as a paperweight , it makes a perfect doorstop . I have 2 cats and did n't want a heavy iron doorstop that they may accidently run into . This is perfect , soft and lightweight , but heavy enough to hold open the bedroom door . As an added bonus , it is really cute . The cat has a beautiful expression .
 Reminds me of my ownprecious cat . Very cute , and the artist has really captured the feline expression .
 This great `` sailboat '' is an alternative to those boring blue chlorine dispenser/floaters . It 's a nice addition to my backyard scenery as it randomly sails around its own little ocean -LRB- my swimming pool -RRB- . The durable plastic boat and dispenser hanging below easily screw together and apart . It 's larger size lets it hold about 6 -- maybe 7 -- of those 3 '' chlorine tablets , making refills much less frequent.The dispenser `` cup '' has several rows of indentations -LRB- like pre-drilled holes , but they have n't been punched all the way through -RRB- , the number of which you perforate according to the gallonage of your pool . Easy to follow instructions included . I used the sharp point of a steak knife to barely puncture the indentations , carefully twisting the point to bore little holes in each . I say this because pushing the knife too far in or using something less sharp -LRB- like a screwdriver or maybe even a nail -RRB- can split the plastic causing weak areas . -LRB- Pool owners know all too well that chlorine eats at everything plastic , so you want to get the most out of it . The last dispenser I had -- not this brand -- lasted about 2 years before the `` cup '' cracked apart , which is probably typical and not unexpected . -RRB- Importantly , this was the least expensive floater I found of its type and size . It was almost half the price of others I saw all over the web . A GREAT deal , especially if you get free shipping with Amazon Prime.One quick note
 This sandbox is the answer to prayers . Not only is it sturdy with a good cover -LRB- that neighborhood pets can not defeat -RRB- but it is also nice to look at . We had been everywhere , looked at everything but either the boxes were way too poorly built or they were way too gaudy . It 's nice to have kids around but it does n't have to look like it all the time . For a nice yard that is both garden and playground it is a perfect fit .
 My 2 + year old loves this . I wanted a sandbox that looked a little different from everyone else 's . What can I say , except it 's adorable ! We also got the carrot slide from Chicco and could n't be more pleased . It can also be used as a pool and has a convenient drain plug for that purpose , so you do n't have to tip it over . FYI
 My daughter -LRB- age 4 -RRB- loves floor puzzles . This is a large puzzle with big pieces , VERY colorful . The best thing about these puzzles -LRB- we have this one and the fish one -RRB- is the 2 sides are different my kids have never had a problem telling the difference of which way a piece should go . There is also the numbers 0-9 and the alphabet hidden in the picture on one side . No matter how many times the kids put it together they love to look for the hidden numbers and letters .
 I got this at Christmas for my neices , almost 4 and 18 months , and it was a huge hit ! They were playing on it immediately , both as a single rocker and as a seesaw . My 2 year old son loved it so much , I have a feeling it might appear as a birthday gift soon ... The teeter totter is a very cute `` peapod '' with eyes , green plastic , seemed to be quite sturdy but very light and easy to carry around . It can easily be used both inside and outside , by one or two -LRB- or more -RRB- kids . My 18mth neice was comfortable on it as a rocker - she still needed a little support for the teeter totter but I think now that she has some practice she is doing fine . My other neice is older and theoretically outside the age range for the teeter totter , but she is really enjoying playing with her sister on it -LRB- and can still easily use it as a rocker -RRB- . Like I said , big hit and big Auntie points .
 My boys 3 & 2 love their new peapod teeter totter!It 's cute , safe , & fun!They can play together , or alone while sitting in the middle.It 's light , and designed with little feets in mind : -RRB-
 I actually bought this Totter four years ago and I would have to say this is an EXCELLENT product . It is VERY durable and can handle up to three children at one time . It rocks great on carpet , wood flooring , cement or tile . As long as your child has a friend to rock with them they can entertain themselves for long periods of time . Clean up is a snap simply wipe it down and your done . I have had this outside on my porch for three years now and the color is still as green as ever . If your looking for a rocker for your baby I REALLY recommend this product !
 Got this for my 22-month-old twins for Christmas , and they love it . They can use it together or alone , and at less than three feet long , it does n't take up the whole family room . And I could n't beat the price !
 This toy was my gift to my nephews for Xmas , ages 1 and 3 . They loved it ! So did my daughter . It 's exactly what I was wanting to find . Sturdy and cute .
 This review is for a Yugioh card . My son was very happy with it .
 I was looking for a slide to use in our 2-3 year old class at church . This slide is perfect . It is fun -LRB- a carrot ! -RRB- and the perfect height for growing 2-3 year olds . The kids love it !
 I purchased this slide for my 22-month old , after reasearching all of the other toddler slides . This slide is great ! My daughter loves it and has played with it every day since we got it . It is is very sturdy and stable , not to mention very cute . The handles are big and make it easy for her to position herself at the top of the slide . The slide is also shaped in a way that allows little ones to land on their bottom . This carrot slide is about 2.5 ' long , which is a great size for my daughter , with room to grow . Great buy !
 I bought this slide for my Daughter 's 3rd Birthday after reviewing all the slides , and their reviews , on Amazon . She loves it ! So far , so good . She tends to try to walk up it . so we have to get after her , but this slide is very durable . She has long legs , so she does n't slide very far , but she still has fun . She loves the fact that it 's a carrot too .
 I have this in th the house for my 23 month old twins and they love it . I find it very sturdy & it looks adorable . I have to fight to keep my 6 year old off of it too because he loves it as well !
 My daughter is 21mnths - she loves the carrot faces , all her toys get slide rides - it is a fast slide but she goes down even on her tummy . great product .
 I recently purchased this item for my 2.5 yr old son after a thorough search for small indoor/outdoor slides . I am a HUGE fan of Chicco products and was very excited to see their new line of playground equipment . Their Happy Garden collection also includes a tomato playhouse , pumpkin sandbox , eggplant rocker , and peapod multiswing.I saw a picture of this slide on another website and thought it 's design -LRB- the handrails are shaped like smiling carrots -RRB- was very unique and different from other toddler slides on the market . This slide is made in Italy and is constructed of very thick , heavy-duty plastic so I expected a very high-quality product -- which is exactly what I got ! When not in use , I can fold it and store it -LRB- a necessity in my small house -RRB- . My toddler absolutely loves it , as does my 14-month-old -LRB- I help her up and down the slide -RRB- . It 's stable , just the right height , and easy for my toddler to climb . The only problem I have is that the slide itself is slightly steep ; my son has had a few rough landings . I recommend constant supervision with this toy.Overall , I am very pleased with the slide and hope to add more of Chicco 's veggie playground equipment to my kids ' collection . I 'm sure it will provide many hours of enjoyment for my kids for years to come .
 We bought this for our youngest daughter , then age 18 months . Now at age 4 , she still likes to play with the slide . We 're glad we went with the larger 2-step slide instead of one of the smaller one-steps slides . A smaller slide would have ended up in a yard sale by now.This was our first experience with a Chicco product and , overall , I 'd say we 've been pleased . Except for the locking mechanism , the construction is high quality and very durable . The locking mechanism -LRB- which is supposed to keep the slide from folding up on itself -RRB- fell apart within just a few weeks of being pounded on by my rambunctious little girl . This has n't been a problem , however , because the wide stance of the slide prevents it from folding up on itself anyway.When it comes to the `` cute factor , '' this slide wins hands-down over all the others . However , that 's an adult 's perspective . Our daughter could n't care less what it 's shaped like or what color it is . She would play with it regardless of these factors.One other reviewer cautioned about letting children play on the slide unsupervised . I 'd say that 's true , but would apply to * any * slide and not just this one . Our daughter found all sorts of creative uses for this toy not envisioned by the manufacturer . She loves to jump off the top of it and use it as a ladder to get on top of her chest of drawers . It 's not a toy for the faint of heart -- and I 'm talking about parents !
 I got this for my 2 year old daughter and she has loved it from day one . It 's of good quality construction and very light so it can be moved easily . She goes up the steps and down the slide or up the slide and down the steps !!
 Great slide !! No assembly required , just unfold and your ready for fun . . perfect size for young toddlers . Bright colors and cute , happy carrot face . Great fun for indoors or out !
 I bought this slide for my son who is 14 mths old . He has special needs , so is n't quite ready for it yet , but my daughter , 4 yrs . old , has really been enjoying it . Kids of all ages that come over for playdates have a blast on it too . They love to just keep climbing up and sliding down , over and over again . It is very cute and bright too .
 This slide was a big hit with my 17 month old Granddaughter ! It is stable when she climbs on it and lets her land on her bottom rather than feet . It folds and unfolds easily for storage .
 My twins got this for Christmas and they love it ! Its super easy to set up and very stable and safe .
 I bought this slide for my daughter 's 3rd birthday . She is now 4 1/2 and has a sister who is 20 months . They both LOVE it !!!! It has never tipped over or caused any accidents . It has been one of the best investments I have made in the way of toys !
 I bought this for my son when he was two . We now have a one year-old and a dog , and everyone uses it . It 's great because it can be used outside or in without taking up too much space .
 Perfect little toy and good for your brain too ! Small enough to go in your purse . I love the feature that enables you to input Sudoku Puzzle found in magazine and newspapers .
 Bought it for my Sudoku doing mother for Christmas and she loves it . It 's her first electronic toy -LRB- she 's 80 -RRB- and it was easy for her to figure out how to use , so ease of use is one of its strengths .
 I love Sudoku . I enjoy having a handheld game , so I can play anytime I want . The backlight is great . And I can turn off the sound . I can play at night without disturbing my husband .
 I bought this as a Christmas present for my husband who is crazy about Sudoku puzzles . I have not heard a peep out of him so it must be a really great electronic game .
 I have been using this model for several years and it no longer appears to be in production . Since I play at least an hour every night while the TV is on , my current game has had a great deal of use and is slowly failing . This new-used one shipped very quickly , passed all my tests , and is patiently waiting in the wings for the current one to die .
 the game fills my bored nights , , works good . and any one who plays suduko would really like this . yes like
 This game is Lots of fun ! Lights up for night time play and very habit-forming . Has different levels of play .
 I bought this as a Christmas gift for my sister , who has difficulty seeing due to cataracts in both eyes . She is a Sudoku addict , and had been solving puzzles with pencil and paper until I gave her the electronic version . With the backlight feature , and different levels of contrast , I hoped that the handheld game would be easier for her to see.Because of the mixed reviews I had seen , I asked her for feedback about this game . When buying , please note that there may be more than one model of this game available . Some of the reviews refer to older model -LRB- s -RRB- . My comments refer to model 20720 , Illuminated Sudoku Mega Screen . The unit measures about 4 '' wide by 5 1/2 '' long , with screen size of about 2 1/2 '' wide by 3 1/4 in '' long.My sister says the display is easy to see . The screen is fully illuminated , with orange backlighting , and 9 levels of contrast.There are two modes of play , Beginner and Advanced . Each mode offers four difficulty levels , from 1 -LRB- easiest -RRB- to 4 -LRB- most difficult -RRB- . So far my sister has been playing in Beginner mode , level 4 . In this mode , if you put a number in the incorrect box , the number flashes to let you know that it is in the wrong place . To clear an entry , just touch the `` C '' at the top of the screen , then touch the box on the grid to be cleared.My sister has been playing this game every night since Christmas , and she really likes it . It was worth every cent -- and then some !
 Sudoku is a number puzzle with few rules , and `` easy '' examples can be solved mainly by visual scanning . This makes it an accessible game for beginners , including children and word-search devotees . At intermediate levels , a Sudoku puzzle still requires scanning , but leans more on logical thought . Advanced or `` hard '' puzzles yield their answer only after a mental toolkit of solving strategies is brought to bear . As a puzzle that requires choosing the right strategy at the right time , Sudoku is ultimately more rewarding than games where harder just means more tedious.This battery-powered , handheld Sudoku game gives you two ways to play . Beginner mode corrects you immediately when you input a wrong number , which keeps children or people with short attention spans from getting frustrated before they have given the game a chance . The `` advanced '' mode , where most people will quickly find themselves , simply does away with that feature . This device offers four levels ; level one has 40 of the 81 needed numbers filled in , while levels two , three , and four have 36 , 30 , and 26 , respectively . Since what those numbers are and where they appear on the grid can matter as much as the initial tally , you wo n't be surprised to learn that not all puzzles at a given level are equally challenging.The intuitive LCD touch-screen allows you to select a number with one tap of the included stylus -LRB- which stows onboard -RRB- and then place it with a second tap . To clear a number , you simply tap `` C '' and then tap the number you want to delete . A notes feature allows you to store possible numbers , but it 's faster to memorize . Overall , the stylus-based interface is a world better than distracting handhelds that drive up solving time by requiring you to steer a blinking cursor and tap at a numeric keypad.The display quality lags in two areas
 I got this as a gift and really enjoy using it . The backlight is a required feature -- I 've only used it twice without that on . I have found all the other features very convenient -- a lot fewer buttons than some models & makes you able to move faster with the stylus . The only thing I 'd change is the dividers between the blocks of 9 -- wish they were more distinct .
 I agree with all that Seth Johnson wrote . It comes with an extra stylus and it is an easy touch screen . It does have a back light that can be turned off and on . I did n't have any problem seeing the numbers on the screen . I was n't sure which one to buy at Walmart , but this one had the back light and also has a solve on it where you can enter a puzzle from somewhere else for you to play and save . I like the idea of so many puzzles all ready programmed , but you can also add your own . I highly recommend this handheld toy .
 I love this game for checking difficult Sudokus in the newspaper I am having problems with .
 Many levels , screen is very readable and was a great value . Both my husband and 12 year old daughter have enjoyed playing . I am glad I took the chance !
 This is a terrific little toy for anyone who likes Sudoku . No , it 's not the height of technology , and no , it does not have all the bells and whistles one could dream up.But having said that , it is definitely a nice Sudoku game for everyone who likes Sudoku . You can play this game as long as you like and not get any repeats . It 's a great way to relax before going to sleep , or to take along for a long passenger car ride , or while flying.And best of all , the game is not a battery-eating monster .
 I have seen many electronic sudokus , but this is the easiest one . All of the others require scrolling first through the squares and/or then the numbers . This one is just a touch screen . I bought one for myself and had to buy a second a couple months later because I could n't get it away from my husband .
 This is my second one . The first one I had a little brat smashed it -LRB- while his mom did nothing to stop him -RRB- anyways ... I keep it in my purse and pull it out everytime I have to wait anywhere . Sometimes I play at night too . Good for the mind !!
 I like this game . It is my second one . One thing that could be improved is a snap-out lid for the battery - would save needing a screwdriver to change batteries . Otherwise it 's fine - good game , good all round .
 I bought this for a friend . She loves it . She was given a different one last Christmas and hated it because it did n't have a stylist . It makes all the difference . I did alot of research before I bought this and found this the best for the price . I received one for Christmas myself and I ca n't put it down . I love the fact that you can input games into it also . It is super for the price . Alot of people seem to have a problem with being able to see the screen . Change the contrast it really helps . I had a problem with the screen at first until I ajusted the contrast . I have n't been able to put it down since .
 I just recently bought this ... unfortunately from a store , where it was the original price , I would have much rather paid this price ! Anyways , I have never done any sudoku before , and the ease of this product alone has made it an enjoyable experience so far . It is a nice activity when you have some spare time , it is a great size , and looks nice too ! Not sure why so many said that it was hard to see , I did n't have that problem ? But then again , maybe I got a newer version or something . Mine illuminates , but the illuminate button is on the back , rather than the front , if that helps any .
 What do you want for 12bucks ? I do n't know where the high dollar value came from , but I never paid that much for one.The first one I had was buggy I and sucked the battery down pretty quick , but with the back lighting , I can see well enough to play and the shift to cells AAA if memory serves helped a lot . I love the touch screen and the way the numbers on the bottom clear when you use them all up.So , for 12 bucks , I think that this is a little winner . I have bought two , only because I lost the first one.I would like to see it compared against that 70 buck NYT monster.Finally , I do n't see any of these sudoku puzzles having much , if any , educational value , hence the one star in that area.T
 I just purchased the sudoku illuminated , and I think its a great item for a great price . It has a sleek look and design . The back light provides ample light for the day and night play . The screen has good sensitivity and an extra stylus pen was included . The only thing I would add if I was the toy manufacturer , would be to add a carrying case or sleeve.There are two skill levels of play , beginner and advanced , and each one has 4 levels of difficulty . You can turn sound on and off . When you elinate a number from the game , you are congratulated with `` cheesy '' video game music . -LRB- annoying , but you can mute the sound -RRB- . Playing is simple with the numbers 1-9 located on the bottom screen - you select a number then select a box in the grid . You can erase if you make a mistake . If you are in the begginer level and you make a mistake the number will blink . Another great feature is that you can import your own puzzles.I was skeptical when i first read all of the reviews on this product , but i took a chance because of the low price . I highly recommend this toy !
 This a terrific item . Many hours of challenging fun . Good for the brain and logical thinking . The only thing that I found would damage this is to spill liquid on it . It gets under the screen and leaves a permant mark which makes it hard to see the numbers in certain light . Over all , I love it !!!
 This is the best portable touch screen Sudoku game I 've found for the price . It 's slim , small and light . I just bought six of them to give as gifts and to leave around the house & office . The screen can be hard to read if not at the right angle . A back light would make this product complete .
 I bought this for my husband who does the newspaper puzzles every day . He loves carries this to work and does this at lunch hour and tries to beat his previous score .
 The touch screen makes it easier for him to play and see . Plus with the pointer it becomes easier to use and play with .
 exactly what I wanted . Had this one before and wore it out . Got lot of hours of entertainment from the previsiouis one I owned and plan to get the smae from this one as well .
 I am a Sudoku nut & this device is extremely helpful as I work on the puzzles.It is the second one I have owned and will always have one available . Good little pal .
 I use my handheld sudoku generator quite a lot . It is great for something to do while waiting in a doctor 's office or just for chilling at home . Anyone considering getting one of these should be sure to get a backlighted one like this , as the numbers are nearly impossible to see without the light on . Also , as the battery runs down the light can get weak enough that the numbers are hard to distinguish . I just change the battery then . Since I use rechargeable ones , it 's not wasteful.I bought my niece one for Christmas , and she asked if there is a way to put multiple numbers in the boxes . I did n't know , since I do n't solve sudoku that way , and I have not discovered a way . -LRB- I no longer have the manual . -RRB- So if that 's a must function for you , you might be disappointed . This is a good machine for a beginner , though , because you can set it to give you help . And there are 4 levels of difficulty . There is also a `` solve '' function , where you can input a puzzle from an outside source , but I do n't see the point of that .2 other slight concerns
 I love Sudoku and this game is easy to fit in my purse . My only real problem withthis particular model is that the screw for the battery cover just turns to mush as soonas you put a screwdriver near it . This is my third game -LRB- the other 2 were broken -RRB- and I ` vefound it 's easier just to take the screw out and tape the battery cover into place.Otherwise you need to break the cover to change the batteries the second or third time.Other than that it 's a great little game .
 As an engineer , I find the technology awesome . Puzzle generating and solving are most enjoyable . I have other Sudoko Puzzle games , but they just collect dust.CB
 I read through all the reviews of different models here at Amazon . After much looking and reading at the models in Wal-Mart , I decided on this one . Out of the packaging , the contrast is bad ; But pause the game and you can adjust it just fine . It resets each time you turn it on . The backlight works great . I leave it on almost always . The 3X3 grids are a little hard to separate visually , but I am finding that the more I play , the easier they are to distinguish . Stylus work well . Notes feature is ok , but I do n't use many notes . As handheld electronics go , You will like it . Make sure you read the instructions , most of the complaints here could be solved by adjusting contrast .
 ... but make sure you buy the larger version -LRB- about 4 '' x 6 '' -RRB- of the two that are made . The larger version is backlit and easier to read . You can pause the game and it will auto turn off after 4 mins , you can pick right back up where you left off in the game . You can also change the contrast on the larger version . The manufacturer claims it can create over 2 million puzzles , so there 's no chance of ever getting the same puzzle twice . There 's a beginner setting with 4 levels and an advanced setting with 4 levels.My girlfriend is crazy for Sudoku and loves the touch screen game . -LSB- ... -RSB-
 There must be a newer model because there is absolutely no problem in seeing the numbers . I have tried two other hand held sudoku games and this is far better . The note store feature allows you to store candidates that flash to remind you what 's what . That feature takes a little getting used to as it is not the same as written notes but after a few games I loved it . The other thing I like about it is you can enter your own puzzles from books or the newspaper and play them on the handheld Using the stylus is easy and convenient . I have played hard puzzles on the model now and had to use extensive notes and it worked great . I certainly recommend it .
 This is the second electronic SuDoku game that I 've bought , and of the two this one is the best . There are any number of these gizmos on the market and I have n't played but a couple - but I would recommend this one .
 This product delivers as advertised . Four levels of difficulty with beginner mode providing instant feedback . I tested the insert-a-puzzle mode and the system correctly created the solution . Limited instructions accompany the game , but getting started was easy . I bought this as a gift for my 8 year old grandson and am pleased with the product 's adjustable screen setting and durability .
 I bought this game several years ago . Its useful if you like Sudoku and need to kill some time . I find that the numbers are easy to see if you 're using the unit indoors , and also using the backlight . Of course , I bought this two years ago when I turned 40 , so to help out a little I also use reading glasses when I 'm doing the puzzle.When you add it all up , its a fun way to play Sudoku without having to screw around with writing little numbers in boxes , then constantly erasing them as you rule things out . I mean that 's okay at the beach , but who wants eraser debris on your bed if you 're solving the puzzles at night?All in all , I can give a strong recommendation for indoor - especially nighttime use .
 This is my second one as I wore the first one out . Without the background light on it is hard to see but just keep the light on and it works fine .
 This is my 3rd and 4th ones purchased ! Easy to use . Easy to carry . I play it everyday ! I wear them out !!
 Yes ! I really like this `` toy '' . So much so , after years of use and being dropped multiple times , it just wore out ! I really enjoy the time feature - I like to see if I can beat my last best time . I 'm afraid it may have spoiled me for the paper versions . This is so easy to carry and travel with ! I highly recommend the Illuminated Touch Screen Sudoku Puzzle Game !
 Bought two of these . One for me and one for my grandson.They work well and the beginner level prompt showing an incorrect entryis really helpful . Found the screen visibility was allright except inrather bright light . Once my grandson was familiar with the rules he likeddoing the puzzles but Sudoku may not appeal too much to youngsters as itrequires patience !
 Just bought this and dropped it from about 2 feet . One of the side lights went out -LRB- yes , it is lit by 4 side lights , a second major detraction -RRB- . The screen is highly reflective making it difficult to see the numbers , which are a little hard to make out . Otherwise , the operation and features are great . If only it were had a true backlight and not the numbers were easier to recognize ! . It does all that you could wish for , allowing trial numbers , error notification , pause function , sleep mode and games seemingly without end .
 Bought this for my uncle to keep him entertained and he thoroughly enjoys it , more than the paper puzzle version of Sudoku . Keeps his brain challenged and mentally active , especially the timing mechanism . Would recommend it for anyone who enjoys Sudoku .
 I find this game quite a challange . It helps keep your mind more aleart.Your information about the game was very informative , also the price was average .
 This game is great . Unlike doing Soduku by hand on paper , this game will let you know as you go along if you have made any mistakes , saving the hassles of ` going ' over the game one more time to see what you 've done wrong . It 's varying skill levels keep allowing me to challenge myself . Great game .
 This product operates exactly as advertised . I wish the screen was brighter and the numbers were bigger but it is certainly very playable without those two .
 Being an addict to various puzzle games I became addicted to Sudoku as well . For a long time I had a non-illuminated version and I played that thing silly except I really wanted to be able to play a game before falling to sleep and could n't until I came across the illuminated version . I do n't know why there are so many negative reviews of this toy as mine has held its charms for the last four years with my only requirements changing its batteries . It 's backlight works , the touchscreen is responsive , and I groove to the max difficulty each and every time . But I did notice via the pictures that Amazon shows that they are showing different models . They show one model , which looks like mine , that has the word `` illuminated '' across the bottom front with light marks surrounding it and another picture that has a switch where the word `` illuminated '' is and the switch has light marks around it . My version 's light on/off toggle is on its back facing and there is only the ability to turn it on or off and not to adjust the brightness . It 's plenty bright and suits my 40 + eyes just fine . My version has both beginner and advanced modes and the ability to either play or solve Sudoku puzzles in those modes . Years ago I pilfered mine from my mom -LRB- okay , okay , it was with her consent -RRB- and I think that I 'll be playing it years from now.Good product .
 Would recommend this item - i love it - instead of going to the back of a book to se where you might have made a mistake - it tells right away by blinking the number
 I got one of these for myself and my dad this xmas . We both are having a great time with them . Sometimes my dad , who wears glasses , has a bit of trouble seeing the numbers , but he 's getting used to orienting the thing in such a way as to make it easier . The backlight on mine seems to be flickering a little bit , but that could just be a dying battery from over-use ... haha . Not totally a substitute for the good old paper and pencil , but a fun and different kind of sudoku challenge .
 I like this particular electronic Sudoku game because you use a stylus to indicate what number and where you want it . I really dislike the other games where you have to `` text '' the number and move it to where you want it .
 I just picked this doll up for my 26 month old , and she adores the thing . It is a well-made , quite sturdy and reasonably attractive doll and comes with quite a few extras -LRB- 2 real cloth wipes , the special bottle , play baby powder , and the potty chair itself -RRB- . Neither my toddler nor I seem to feel that there 's anything else that she needs to have fun with this doll , or have a fairly realistic potty experience . The accessories are sturdy plastic , but the wipes are a bit hard for a toddler to open , and the diaper is a bit hard to fasten , so be prepared to help a small child with those things . I wish the diaper had been cut a little more generously , but I 'm certain my little one will grow into being able to work with it on her own.The box gives no hint that the doll does n't wet unless it 's on the special potty seat , which is a shame . I had done my research and knew exactly why I was purchasing this particular doll , but someone just browsing is n't going to have the faintest clue that this doll is different from your average `` wet as soon as you get the water in their mouth '' doll.The one caution I have is ... make sure you get that bottle firmly into the doll 's mouth . I mean , plug FIRMLY and make certain it ca n't go in any farther before you squeeze the bottle -LRB- and you do have to squeeze it , although water will pour right out of the bottle top if it 's not in the mouth -RRB- . Improperly inserted bottles will cause the poor doll to drool . There seems to be a certain minimum of water that needs to go in to make it use the toilet , but it 's not much . We tried shaking it , and she 's solidly constructed with no other leaks . What water goes in seems to drain completely , so I 'm not too worried about mildew.One more thing I 'm delighted about is that this is a plastic body doll , and my little one can take her in the shower . She 's looking forward to giving her `` potty baby '' a bath tonight , and she 's made the poor thing pee four times already since we bought it . She does watch very intently when the doll uses her pottyseat , so here 's hoping she overcomes her reluctance to use hers .
 I , like others , had done my research on all the drink and wet dolls and decided on this one despite the somewhat mixed reviews . However , I have to tell you that I love it !! I really do love the fact the doll only pees on her special potty so water does n't get everywhere . My daughter is 17 months and it is hard for her to actually get the doll to drink but what I have been doing is giving the doll the bottle of water and then giving it to my daughter with a little bit of water left in it and she puts it in the dolls mouth and feels like `` she did it ! '' But my little girl loves this doll and I love it as well . And I am not sure why someone else thought the little potty did n't look realistic b/c it looks like an actual training potty . You ca n't go wrong with this doll and even if you did , Toys R Us has a great return policy !!!
 My daughter loves this doll . She is 20 months old and almost totally potty trained . My only complaint is that it is hard for her to get the bottle all the way in to get the doll to drink . I have to help her and the let her squeeze the bottle . I like the price esp . compared to some other dolls .
 The Tambourine that Lights-Up works great ! Fun for the kids ! Use with Rockband . Adds a little more dimension and excitement . Thank You .
 My son is three , and he lit up like a Christmas Tree when he got this toy . After a month its still a favorite and he sleeps with it at night . So far it has taken the abuse and washing very well .
 This puppet is as much fun as you can make of it.The mouth does not move , so you do n't have to be a vantriliquist.But the front paws move so the puppet can pick up things or assume several positions , and the head moves so it can nod `` yes '' or `` no '' in reply to appropriate questions.Grade-school age children with imagination respond more than tykes.The puppet is best used while sitting at a table using the table top as a stage , so the operator 's arm is not visible . The bear can be `` naughty '' and bang a spoon on the table , and then admonished by the operator after looking defiantly at the operator . I have found children like to participate in the admonitions about its naughtiness , and it can then bow its head and cover its eyes.The bear 's name is `` Tiggy '' , which is short for `` Tiguat '' , which means orphan in the Eskimo language.Have fun !
 This puppet is so soft and cuddly . Children love it . Easy to use . Adorable to look at.Would highly recommend . I have purchased this puppet before and just had to find more.Thanks .
 This puppet is adorable . Soft and cuddly . My grandson loves to carry itaround and put little toys in the puppet pocket . He loves to sleep with it
 Bought her for a replacement Polie ... never worked . She became my daughter 's Polie named Pauletta ... They are awesome stuffed animals and take on a life of their own .
 Everything was on time and we are very happy with our purchase . It is nice not to have to worry about the product .
 Great tool . 120 is hard to find ! The kids are using it every day . It fits perfectly across the front wall . Really fast shipping .
 This is a nice bright number line for any classroom . It really brightens up my kindergarten room . Numbers are easy to see because of the size . I would recommend this for any teacher !
 the number line came in very quickly , the numbers were big and very colorful , will be a great tool for special ed class .
 Great item . Durable and kids are amused with the bees moving around . Would recommend to anyone .
 We just got this dollhouse for my daughter , who is 19 months old . She started off with the Little People dollhouse , and loved that , and then moved on to a real dollhouse , complete with working windows , carpets , lights etc. , which was just not appropriate for her . -LRB- she destroyed it , systematically -RRB- . This little wooden dollhouse is a perfect compromise between those two extremes for toddlers and young children.It was easy to assemble , I put it together in about 15 minutes with a small phillips head screw driver . The pieces are pre-drilled to accept the screws , and lined up really well.It is nicely finished in a high gloss , high quality paint with no rough edges . -LRB- we already had to clean crayon off it -RRB- . The furniture and accessories are large enough to be safe for a toddler , and easy for her to play with . They are also really nicely finished and well made . The fact that the floors are open makes it easy for her to play in.We love this toy , and would highly recommend it .
 My daughter got this dollhouse for her 2nd b-day , and absolutely loves it . The quality is great , and I was able to put it together by myself quickly . It is great because unlike other dollhouses it does n't have a million little pieces , and it has such a beautiful simple design . When she ends up getting a bigger dollhouse later , we are definitely sticking with KidKraft .
 My daughter got this for her second birthday and loves it . It is darling ! The dolls are not the cutest but they are easy for her to manipulate . The colors are great for little girls . The only negative I saw was it was not easy to assemble . Some of the screws did not line up correctly so you had to screw them a little off resulting in the screws not going totally into the board . Other than that , once it was together it was great !
 My son wanted a puppy to snuggle with at night that looked like our dog . After much searching for just the right one , this one fit all our criteria . It 's GREAT for snuggling , not too small but not too large . Looks realistic without being too real . We now sleep with `` Abby '' every night - great purchase !
 I purchased this toy for my 4 year old niece who was going to be getting a real cocker spaniel puppy in a few months . She loved the softness and proportions of the puppy and was excited that it looked like her real puppy would look .
 my daughter loves this frog - keeps her calm through the night - i bought 3 of them so that i always have one clean !
 This chair was perfect . I hate sitting on top of the water . I 'd rather be in the water . This was exactly what I wanted and was low priced . Only complaint was that after moving around a lot -LRB- I was at the lake -RRB- the tubes moved around in their cloth fittings .
 it needed longer noodlesThe noodles keep coming out But I enjoyed it after I but longer one in it and I sat better
 I ordered this a little late and the email confirmation said it would n't get here until the 20th , which would have been too late for Passover . But , it arrived 3 days before Passover ! I was very pleased with the quick shipment and it tasted wonderful . We actually had some that we spread melted Almond Bark on and sprinkled a few pecan pieces and sliced almonds on top . That was really good and different . The bread by itself was very good , also and was not stale like I was afraid it would be . I would highly recommend this for Passover and for diabetics . It is one of the things on the diabetic list of foods that they can eat . I hope everyone had a happy Passover . Shalom
 This is a nice , durable toy . I like the fact that it is magnetic . It makes it much easier for little hands to connect the train cars .
 My 3 yr old son is absolutely enamored with all things Thomas . Mighty Mac is just another train in his collection . While not the most educational toy around , they make him happy and keep him occupied . The trains are very durable and I have no fear that he can choke on small parts . He has about 20 to 25 trains and has memorized each trains . Not just the names , but the facial expressions and how that expresses emotion . How he can tell the difference between some of them is beyond me . Bill , Ben and the other train pairs look identical to me . But he can rattle them off without error no matter how much I mix them up . It 's amazing to listen to his little 3yr old voice talking with such intensity and interest . If your child likes trains , I ca n't recommend Thomas enough .
 Was exactly as advertised . My grandson was enamored with getting Mighty Mac and we could not find it locally in any store . He was thrilled when his Papa brought it to him !
 My son LOVES Thomas and Friends , so we thought we 'd add this unique train to his collection .
 product was more than expected , have decided to keep intact as a collectors item for young grandson
 I guess take along means `` does not fit on the tracks '' These take along items do n't fit on Thomas tracks .
 If you 're deciding on a puppet , this is definitely one of the best . It is silky soft and very cute . On the full-grown kanga , you can animate it 's full body head , and top feet . And the joey is a finger puppet ! I was very impressed with the quality.Kids really adore playing with puppets and you ca n't go wrong with this one .
 I am using the kangaroo puppets in my kindergarten classroom for a special Earth Day presentation and we love it !
 This kagaroo puppet was exactly what I was looking for and the price was half of others that I was considering .
 My daughter loves this soft and cuddly stuffed kangaroo . It was a good purchase .
 The puppet is cute and has been a fun addition to our puppet collection . The baby kangaroo that can come out of the pouch is a nice added feature .
 This is a great quality puppet . It is larger than I expected , and I like that it does n't have a talking mouth like most puppets.The material is super-soft , and it really looked adorable sticking out of the top of a stocking at Christmas.We would purchase this brand of puppet again because the quality is so good .
 This review is a little late in coming as I purchased this plush toy for my then 3-year-old daughter 4 years ago . She 's now 7 years old and it is still her favorite toy . In spite of being dragged around the yard and elsewhere for 4 years ` Kanga ' -LRB- the 15 '' -RRB- & ` Joey -LRB- the small finger puppet -RRB- are still in excellent condition . They 've both seen the washer & dryer numerous times and neither have any fraying or visible wear . I 'm utterly amazed at the quality of an item that costs less than $ 20 w/shipping . If your little one likes kangaroos do n't hesitate to buy this one !
 I bought this product for a presentation about kangaroos . It is very soft and easy to work with . The joey falls out of the pouch alot and i 've been told it looks a little creepy but the kangaroo puppet is cute , soft and a good buy if you are looking for a kangaroo puppet .
 This puppet is even nicer than they say . I am really pleased with it . The children in my sunday school class love it .
 If you have VBS coming up on the `` Boomerang Express '' ... this is a great teaching tool for the little ones . They sit and listen to Bible Stories attentively and Music ! The teachers used it also to help keep the class focused and listen ... since the Momma Kangaroo `` Sheila '' was focused . Also . . times to keep quiet as `` Baby Roo '' was sleeping . It is a very animated puppet and I will keep it for future use .
 This puppet is beautiful and durableIt has lots of character for playacting
 From the time I placed the order to receiving the merchandise it took just 3 days ... unbelievable . The Kangaroo puppet was a HUGE success and everyone loved it ! It was well worth the price ... Many thanks
 I bought the chair so my little friend `` Mr. Bear '' would have a place to sit in comfort . He 's been in the family since my Mother died and he came to live with us . He looks adorable sitting on his `` throne '' . I can laugh for five minutes just looking at him . Best $ 30 I 've spent in a long , long time .
 Had this board for 2 years . Still looks perfect . Bought it because it compliments the chess set I have . I am very satisified by the look and durability of this product . Quality craftmanship !
 I 've long held off buying or collecting these figures and statues . Occasionally , I 'll buy one single piece that looks startling like the old school comic book character . I see some of the random characters now portrayed in a bust or figurine and wonder who could ever want such a thing.This statue , however , has to be the finest example of its kind that I have ever come across . The level of detail , texture and color is astounding . If you have a chance to find this and actually purchase the piece , it is worth every penny . The comic book character literally comes to life in this statue . No expense or detail has been spared in the likeness.Unlike many of the other horror characters , Tomb of Dracula pushed the boundaries . Dracula battled Frankenstein . He even battled the Silver Surfer in a groundbreaking comic book . If you love vampires and the lore , then you ought to do yourself a favor and find one of these . I ca n't tell you how thrilled I am by the workmanship , the quality and most of all the thought that went into making this product .
 After buying this , I do n't know why someone would buy precast , unpainted sandbag walls for war gaming . The price is as cheap or even cheaper than anything you can buy unpainted , the quality is pretty good -LRB- the sandbags even have a burlap texture -RRB- , and they 're really durable . I 've had other pegasus prepainteds that I 've carried around loose in a bag nearly every weekend for a year and never seen a chip . This feels like the same heft of plastic and same type of paint and so far seems just as durable .
 Husker Du was my favorite game as a child . At age 4 or 5 , I could beat any adult at this game and always begged to play it . I did n't get tired of playing it for several years , from about age 3 to 6 . It is a memory/matching game in a fun board format that is definitely educational . I was hoping it was still in production so I could get it for my children and was very happy to find it here .
 Many years ago , we found this game in Montana while we were vacationing . We played it a few hours every day in a cabin when it was raining . My children wanted their children to experience it as it is a memory game and even the little ones can beat the adults . Shipping and promptness were great .
 This is an awesome game !!! I run a daycare and we play this game all the time , as a family we play it also . My children are now teenagers and we will have tournaments to see who can do the best - it is great for quality time !!! I need 6 of them for presents for my daycare children and can not find 6 new ones anywhere , any suggestions?Thanks , Jill
 I bought 2 of these for my boys to start Preschool . The 2 year olds seam has ripped on one side and it was only used for 2 months -- 2 days a week before it pulled and now it is n't usable . The school has referred me to next time buy a different kind that this could be dangerous after it ripped .
 This is a very durable lounger for the pool . We purchased two of them and they are very comfortable . Only thing I wish is that they had a cup holder built in , but even so it 's a great lounger for the price .
 The Rokenbok system is amazing ! The whole family can work together , each controlling a different vehicle or machine -LRB- up to 8 at once -RRB- , to accomplish whatever goals you decide upon -- usually , moving the red and blue `` roks '' -LRB- balls -RRB- around . Various starter sets are available , but this is the one we have , and it 's a good choice . You get everything you need to set up a small layout , including a front-loader and an automatic ball elevator . All the parts and machines are very well engineered and solid . They 're fun and easy to control . As your set grows -LRB- and especially as you get more than one controller and vehicle -RRB- , it 's great for multiple kids to play together -- it 's non-violent , cooperative , and creative . I highly recommend the Rokenbok line , and this particular set is a great start -LRB- and your second set should probably be the Rokenbok RC Monorail -RRB- .
 I absolutely love Rokenbok ... and so do my 4 & 5 year old kids . It is a unique , educational toy ... which has engrossed every visitor -LRB- boy and girl ; kids , preteens , teens , adults -RRB- we have entertained . Rokenbok customer service is also awesome !
 We got Rok works and construction set thinking it would be a huge hit with my nine-year old . To our surprise , it was also a hit with his six year old sister ! I love this product because the two of them actually play TOGETHER for hours . They build really cool creations and then play with the remote control vehicles . It has been a real hit in our house , and anytime we can find a toy that appeals to both of them , i am happy !
 We 've played with Rokenbok for years . We bought this new system to get the wireless remote vehicles to add to our collection . We have been so pleased . The play value is very very high , as is the durability . I have caught my husband building Rokenbok many times after the kids have gone to sleep .
 The Rokenbok is a bit expensive . Other than the price , everything is excellent . I have such fun building and playing with my son . Its fun for all ages ! I purchased one of the starter kits for a Christmas gift and my son already has wish lists for his bithday and next Christmas .
 My 2 1/2 year old son is totally enamored with Thomas and all things related to it . We had looked at Skarloey Take and Play trains for a while , but this belt had one included with it , and he got the belt to boot ! He loves it and loves that he can tote some of his take along trains in it . It is well made and easily adjustable . Great buy for any kid that loves Thomas !
 I have 2 boys that love Thomas and they love to load up their belt and take it everywhere with them . Well worth buying it for them .
 My son got into these trains at age 2 and when we bought him wooden trains he quickly made short work of them , chipping them and scratching the paint off the wood . That 's why I love all these Thomas Take Along trains . The die cast is much more durable than the wooden ones and much more affordable . He can be rough with them , like a 3 year old can , and they are no worse for the wear .
 Who does n't love Thomas the train toys . My son has just about everyone out there . When his friends come over the always play with his Thomas the Trains . VERY depenable and educational . Oh and lets not forget they are alot of fun . Amazon is the place to purchase these trains , you can always find what you want on Amazon .
 The kids like this alot the playfoam itself is n't messy at all , more clean than play doh . It 's all the little pieces , feathers , rolly eyes etc. that have me picking up alot . Kids like it I suppose thats what counts !
 I gave this product as a gift to a very bright seven year old who promptly turned it into all manner of interesting shapes . It has generated hours of entertainment with no mess or foul odor .
 This stuff is wonderful ! My 7 year old daughter loves it ! She and her 5 year old cousin play with it constantly .
 This product is great because unlike play-doh it does n't dry up . My toddler can leave the lid off for days and days and it 's no problem .
 another great Melissa and Doug set . My only request is that they would have them in a covered box or carrying case .
 I love the way these are made . They are sturdy -- like a board book , and little ones can not tear them . The only problem is the usual with sets of toys -- pieces get lost -- but that 's nothing new !
 Great toy for car rides . Easy to carry . Wish it had a top or came in a case . The pieces are easily misplaced
 The quality of this item was far better than I expected . It was a Christmas present for my neice and she absolutely loved it . It was the one toy she got that she carried around and played with all day .
 well made , cute design and love that magnets hold it on and there is a wooden stand included . my 3 year old granddaughter played with it for a good long time . i like that is is wood and will last longer and look good longer
 Got this for my granddaughter for Christmas . Very durable and also sticks to any other magnetic surface like the refrigerator , -LRB- everything but the doll -RRB- . She enjoyed them , but they should have designed this with a storage cover for housing all the pieces , a very durable wooden box but useless if the pieces are falling all over the place
 So glad to have found such a nice product available for a four year old granddaughter . She loves it and so does her 2.5 year old sister .
 My daughter got these for Christmas from her Grandmother - she loves them ! They are durable and made well . We also love the wooden box they came in - only problem is there is no lid . Seems kinda silly to have this really nice box for them with no lid .
 We love Melissa & Doug toys , they are wooden and so sturdy we do n't have to worry about our daughter getting too rough with them.One thing that I found misleading about this product was the ` magnetic ' part . Yes , the clothes are magnetic and stick to the doll , but for some reason I assumed the whole doll was magnetic and could stick to our magnetic easel or fridge . Well its not . It comes with a little wooden stand -LRB- pictured below the doll in the box -RRB- but its not good at holding the doll up while changing the clothes.Overall it is a great toy even with my misunderstandings and our daughter loves it !
 I purchased &#34; Elise &#34; and &#34; Joey &#34; for my 2 year old daughter because she loves to try and do her 3 year old brothers jigsaw puzzles so I thought these would be more age appropriate for her . I ended up giving &#34; Joey &#34; to her brother so they can do them together . The figures are very sturdy and well made and I think they will hold up for a long time . Both the kids love them and they keep them busy for a while , considering they have the attention span of toddlers ! My 3 year old is great putting all their outfits together properly but my 2 year old usually piles all of the clothes on at once . It 's a great quiet activity that we can all do together . I love the Melissa and Doug products and how it allows little ones to be creative .
 This is a sturdy and well made toy . My daughter is 3 tho , and she does n't seem very interested in it yet . maybe she is too young yet , but it 's a very well made toy and has lots of outfits for the princess . I 'm keeping it for a while and when she is a little older , hopefully she 'll play with it more .
 The magnetic puzzle from melissa and doug is a very nice product . My daughter got this for xmas and she really enjoys it . .
 Bought this for a little 3 year old who loves princess dolls ! She absolutely loved this set , she can now change the dresses on this doll herself ! Loves to match the dress to the hats and gloves that go with it . Perfect gift for this little girl !
 We got this for our 5 year old grandaughter and she liked it . It may be her age but do n't know if it would interest her for very long . She played with it for a little while then moved on . But we got the other one for our 4 year old grandaughter and she seemed quite taken with it and played with it for quite awhile . This was all on Christmas morning , so time will probably tell better how they like them.Well made and their mom really likes them and said they would be good for taking on a trip in the car to occupy them .
 My just turned 4 year grand = daughter loves this doll and many others like it . Wish it came with a closed lid since the pieces will end up everywhere . Nice large pieces that are pretty much interchangable in spite of what adults may consider color clash . Like to see more magnetic dolls this size . Easy for small hands .
 Rec 'd this today , and it is a beautiful set . The colors are so vibrant , and the wood makes this a toy that seems like it 'll last . We are very pleased and look forward to purchasing more of these for friends .
 My four year old daughter loves this toy . She can honestly spend hours playing with this and the other two similar dolls by Melissa and Doug . My only beef is that the shades and depth of the colours of the tops and bottoms of some of the outfits do n't match - I assume this is just a problem with our set , but I am a bit disappointed . My daughter does n't care at all about the mismatch so it really does n't matter .
 i bought this for my 2 1/2 year old to take on a plane trip . i wanted something besides coloring books in her carry on case . she would n't let me put it up for the trip once she saw it . her 4 year old brother got the ` joey ' one and they have been playing with them every day ! i was honestly surprised at how much the love them . the number of pieces per outfit is completely age appropriate . not too difficult and not too boring . the magnets are n't so strong that the clothes are hard to remove , but they do n't fall off easily either . i 'm not sure how durable these will be though . my husband got a few of the pieces wet , and i see a tiny bit of rippling on them . and i know he did n't let them stay wet for long . i too wish they came with a cover ! i am not sure how i 'm going to take these on to the planes in their carry on cases . i 'll have to transfer them to another container or make some sort of cover , which is kind of annoying .
 Bought this magnetic princess for my daughter 's 4-year birthday . I love it because it 's a princess with no Disney designation . She has spent hours playing with her and interchanging her clothes . The one drawback is that there is no cover on the box , so it 's easy to spill .
 i had never heard of melissa and doug until a recent search on amazon . these are well made toys and a big hit with my grandbabies . i will be buying more melissa and doug toys ...
 This toy includes many beautiful wood pieces . My little girl loves it very much . She likes changing pretty clothes for the `` Princess '' and enjoyed it afterwords . The only drawback is that it does n't come with a box or some case cover so that pieces are easily missing and can not be carried around .
 This was a gift for my great-niece . It takes me back to the past , when my sister and I would play paper dolls . But this set is much better . Very sturdy and just right for smaller hands . With 24 pieces to change , there will be hours of fun . And since these are not paper , there is n't tearing as our old doll clothes ended up with . Also , the dress-up pieces are not as apt to be lost because of their size and the box to be stored in . A great gift for young girls !
 Our daughter loves this toy . It helps with her matching skills and coordination . It 's extremely durable and well made . The box is great for storing the items . The only downside for me is there is no lid for the box . The pieces fall out very easily .
 Dress up is always fun . This is easy to pick up the pieces and keep them in the box .
 Great for hand eye coordination . I bought it for a little girl named Elise . What a fun gift .
 Wish there was a cover/case for these magnetic dolls by Melissa and Doug . Melissa and Doug always make good quality toys . They seem to enjoy the gift .
 Grandkids loved this ! My wife and I love the ability to send gifts to our family all over the world . Super service and well packed .
 We have a couple of these now , while i wish the box it comes with had a lid we just ended up getting the plastic shoe boxes with lids from the dollar store and keeping them in there so pieces didnt fall out and get lost . Great fun for my 4 year old , easy to take with us on the go and she loves showing me the outfits she mix and matches .
 These doll sets are amazing . The magnets work well and have provided hours ans hours of play time for my daughter !! Love them all .
 My kids have a wonderful time playing with the Magnetic Dress up Set . It is cute , colorful and has provided them with hours of fun . Great quality , too ! After a couple months of use , it is showing no signs of wear . I would highly recommend !
 I actually bought this gift for my friends daughter . . and I 've seen them play with it and really love it . Personally , i would also love it if only i 'm young enough to play with it ! ha ha ;-RRB- definitely will recommend this product for everyone who have kids or just for a gift for someone else .
 My daughter -LRB- age 2 -RRB- loves these dolls !! Great gift for any little girl . My only issue with the toy is that there is no top/lid for the box . We ended up buying a separate container and throwing away the wooden box which was a nice way to keep the pieces separated . I would definitely have given 5 stars if the storage was better .
 I ordered this as a gift for my 2 year old . She and her 5 year old sister love it . It has given them hours of fun so far and has been durable enough for a 2 year old . I recommend this to anyone .
 Ella is into Princess things . She loved the magnetic doll . She has other sets and spends alot of time playing with them .
 I purchased this for my great-great-neice . She has not played with it yet , But it looks good and should be a lot of fun for her .
 As with all of these Melissa & Doug magnetic dress-up sets , the doll and her outfits are beautiful , brightly colored , and well-made . And also like all the others , this one has no lid . Why ? Why oh why ? The pieces wind up all over my house because I have no way to close the box . Considering it 's so well made in every other way , I do n't understand why they did n't just add a clear plastic lid . Could it have added that much to the manufacturing cost?My 2-year-old daughter loves playing with her , though I admit that her interest has dwindled . In the beginning -LRB- about 5 months ago -RRB- , this was one of her very favorite toys . After 3-4 months , the interest lessened , though this set still comes out to play sometimes .
 This is really a great toy . Bought this for a 4 year old who love dress up and princess ' . The pieces are well made along with the box they come in . I just wish the box came with a top , as one little tip and the pieces are all over . The magnets hold very well as we have never had a piece fall off while she was showing EVERYONE what she came up with . Comes with enough pieces to make lots of different looks .
 I got this for my two year old . She loves it . I do too . It 's durable , compact , and a great toy teaching matching and helping with dexterity .
 Bought for my 2 1/2 yr granddaughter . Her mother and I were more interested in it than she was . Mandy loves to change clothes on herself and her teddy bear but I 'm thinking she 's too young for this concept . The items are just adorable , lots of accessories with each outfit and all very sturdy . The box is cute , too , but needs a permanent lid . I 'll save it for next visit or play with it myself ! I got the princess and the ballerina and they 're both great quality toys .
 My 4 year old daughter loves to play dress-up and this set is , by far , the sturdiest I 've found . She has lots of fun with this .
 My daughter really enjoyed this product . The only downside is that it does n't have a permanent plastic cover like another Melissa and Doug magnetic doll set that I bought . I really wish it had that feature !
 great toy for younger ones who are into dress up but do not have the coordination to put on baby clothes
 Love playing with them with my daughter . Better than paper dolls when I was little . Would buy more in the future .
 Since my niece is really into princesses right now she appreciated this gift :-RRB- You can dress her up in any which way you want ! Melissa and Doug really have the greatest wooden imaginative play toys out there !
 A beautiful , durable play toy . Great for imaginative quiet times . Melissa and Doug toys are such high quality that it is hard to resist buying them !
 I bougt the Joey Magnetic Dress-up for my boys . They like to dress the doll in the out fights and useing there imagenation .
 This toy is an excellent toy . We had a long car ride and our kids do n't watch movies in the car . This was an excellent toy for them . Both my 3 year old and 4 year old enjoyed it .
 They do n't make paper dolls like they used to -- they make them better !! This is a very durable set in it 's own keepsake box . I bought one for each of my 3 granddaughters , They love them ! Very easy to clean up and to transport . Best of all , they are so well made they can be saved and handed down through the generations as a keepsake -LRB- that is , if we start taking better care of Mother Earth so that the future generations will have a place to play . -RRB-
 I am in love with Melissa and Doug toys . My daughter got Princess Elise for Christmas . She loves this toy . So do all the kids who visit us . -LRB- My 6 year old son even sometimes plays with it . -RRB- It does come with small pieces that I put up until she stops putting everything in her mouth . We have a growing collection of Melissa and Doug .
 this is my kind of doll ! fun dresses to wear and try on , made well , totally durable ! my daughter and i love to play with this together !
 I bought two of these for my great neices who are 3 and 5 . They loved them and the older girls 10-12 played with them as well . The dolls are very sturdy and durable and really cute
 I would like to get my 5 year old paper dolls but with a two year old sister and one year old brother it just does not seem a good idea . These are wonderful . Both of my girls fight over this one and have to take turns between the ballerina -LRB- seperate item -RRB- and the princess . I think they like the crowns and dresses in this one though the ballerina gets a lot of wear too ! If having trouble getting them to attach , check to see if you need to clean the back , being careful not to get the front wet .
 Purchased two sets of these for my 3 year old daughter for Christmas . What a hit ! She loves them and plays with them more than any of the other toys she received for gifts . Unlike real baby dolls the magnetic dolls are so much easier for her to dress and undress . They have a nice weight to them and feel very durable . They come in a solid box with divided sections to keep the multiple pieces organized .
 My granddaughter has all 3 deluxe magnetic dolls by Melissa and Doug . This one we got her for Christmas . She loves these dress-up dolls ! They are easy to take on trips and to the doctor 's office . They make great quiet , pre-bedtime play . It 's fun to take turns dressing her and surprising each other with a new outfit combination . As with all of Melissa and Doug toys , this one is well-made , colorful , and FUN ! Due to some smaller pieces , it 's better for 4 yrs . and up unless well-supervised . It 's even fun for the adults who get to share it with their children !
 The 1st issue i have with it is that the magnetic backing is weak so the clothes do n't stick as well as you would hope . The other thing is that the wooden box it comes in barely fits all the stuff and it is a bit of a puzzle figuring out how to fit all the pieces back in it ... plus the box does n't have a top to keep the pieces in the box . The stand it comes with to prop the doll up is not very stable and requires a balancing act to keep it standing up . I do n't know how educational it is , but my 17 month old daughter seems to like it . up side ; The wood is thick and the costumes are attractive .
 There are other magnet dolls by Melissa and Doug , all equally as good ! I would n't -LRB- like other reviewers -RRB- say Melissa and Doug 's quality is top-notch on all their toys we had a hammer toy splinter apart and another `` wooden '' puzzle that was just thin sheets of wood glued one atop another to make each wooden piece chunky and we 're constantly glueing that back down as each piece peels up BUT in the case of this toy it 's SOLID . Even the magnet holds well to the wood , no peeling up , quite durable.And you ca n't beat the Amazon price , free shipping , no sales tax , under $ 10 . We paid $ -LSB- ... -RSB- at Barnes and Noble because that 's where we first saw them and thought the idea was ingenious.My only complaint would be that each magnet doll comes with a wooden stand she can placed in but because the doll is so top heavy really any slight movement of her topples her out of the base . My DH was thinking of making another wider base to combat that issue.While we love all their magnet dolls the clothing parts are , sadly , not interchangeable so we have to bag each doll separate . But that makes for easy portablity , one for upstairs , one for down , one in the diaper bag LOL.And we got these when my DD was no longer chewing on toys , that was about 20 months old and so even though there are smaller parts -LRB- the gloves on this one , for the ballerina one the shoes -RRB- she has never had any issues with choking on anything . It has helped improve her coordination , she 's now 2 and getting the parts on in the perfect spots .
 My daughter is 3 and has had this toy for about 6 weeks . She plays with it almost every day and it is great for her to make believe with . We did have to get a different box for the pieces so they would n't fall out and get lost so easy . The box is very cute and is wooden so it would be really nice if it could be used as the permanent holder . This toy is a great value ... very sturdy and better than putting on a video !
 I bought this for my 4 year old grandaughter 's birthday and she played with it all afernoon . The clothes stick , it stands up and seems very durable . The price was better than other sites I visited too .
 This saved me a lot of hassle today . I received the item in the mail the same day I found out I could get in for a haircut but did n't have a sitter for my 2 1/2 - year-old daughter . She played with this set next to me while I got my hair cut and it made it completely painless.I can understand why some people are bothered by it not having a lid , but if you know this in advanced , it is easy to get a Tupperware container or zip-lock bag to store it in . One annoyance is that if your child -LRB- like mine -RRB- is still at an age where they like to put things in their mouth , you will need to closely supervise their play . My daughter stuck one of the dresses in her mouth and scraped her teeth over it and some of the color came off , making the piece not so pretty . It is a good quiet time toy .
 My 4 year old daughter loves this doll ! The clothes are very cute and easy to align on the doll its self and they are fun to mix and match or coordinate . My ONLY complaint is that -LRB- like many other M & D toys -RRB- the very nice box that the doll comes in -LRB- and fits good in -RRB- does n't have any type of cover that contains the doll . It still sits nicely on the shelf it would just be so handy if I could put a lid of some type on it to be able to store it differently .
 My daughters have one of these but they have the ballerina . They have had it for a few years and they love it . It is still in great condition . I ordered this one for a relative as a gift in hopes that it will be played with as much as my daughters have played with their ballerina .
 My daughter LOVES this set . She could play for hours with it ! It is very well made and I can tell this will last us a long time ! I was n't sure at first that she would understand how to play with it , since she 's just 2 , but she quickly got it and has no problem matching all the correct parts to each dress .
 This set has been played with by my three children for over a year and still looks great ! Kids can match up complete outfits including head pieces or mix and match their own and then place the wooden doll on the stand . This toy is especially good for car rides , plane trips , restaurants , or any time where children need to be quiet and entertained .
 My 3 1/2 year old granddaughter loves it . She always wants the outfits to `` match . '' Highly recommend ! Clothes are easy to put on and interchange .
 Daughter loves to dress up this little princess and this is way better than the paper dolls I used to play with as a child ...
 This is a great toy , but I wish the box had a lid to make the pieces easier to store and not lose . I keep it put up on a shelf and just get it down when my kids want it and put it right back when they are done . We have had this over a year and not lost one piece , but a lid would just make things easier . This toy is still great . It is cute , durable , and my kids enjoy putting different outfits together .
 I bought this for my 2 year old daughter . She is a little young for it but understood the concept and is constantly showing me her princess all dressed up . It 's actually pretty good for her because it is not easy for her to mess up . So far it has been indestructible !
 My two year old granddaughter was upset that her older sisters would not share their magnetic dolls and clothes with her . -LRB- Good reason , she lost the pieces . -RRB- She is delighted to have her own doll and clothes that are larger and easier to keep up with . It makes a good church toy , too .
 We gave this to my almost three-year-old granddaughter for Christmas and she played with it the rest of the time that she was at our house . It was a HUGE hit ! The pieces are large enough for little hands and sturdy enough to get stepped on without breaking !!!
 This is a delightful little magnetic dress-up toy . After a couple of years , the one I got is still getting lots of play time . The colors are good and the clothes are pretty . There are lots of parts , but that 's what makes it so much fun .
 I got the art teacher barbie that has the one kelly doll with it instead of two kelly dolls . It 's a nice set , but I think Barbie should be dressed in what a real art teacher would be dressed in . Maybe jeans and a shirt . Most teachers nowadays do n't dress in a dress like that . Most would wear jeans and a shirt or a long overall dress . Maybe a teacher in the 1960 's would dress like this . Overall , it is a nice barbie though and the Kelly doll is cute .
 This game was introduced to me at a class reunion , and it was so much fun until I just had to order one . We got a chance to use it for New Years Day and everyone enjoyed it -LRB- even the one 's that just listen in -RRB- . It really helps you to know a bit more about the ones that are in your circle , and even yourself ! : -RRB-
 I used to play this game at work Christmas parties . I fell in love with it because it always was the highlight of the party , but unfortunately I could never find the game in stores . After searching online for months I am glad I finally found this game . It was just as I remembered
 I ordered this for my grandchildren to use in a community pool . They love it so I am very happy !
 Everyone that we have over loves playing basketball in the pool ! I have children from ages 10 to 21 and all end up playing with this over the other pool toys . Even the adults get in on the action . I am not sure what it is about shooting a ball through a hoop but we all want to get involved . Beware if you are anything like my boys the games get rather intense .
 I 'm very happy with this basketball hoop and do n't understand the negative `` hoopla '' -LRB- nyuk nyuk nyuk -RRB- from a couple reviewers.The hoop was easy to assemble - took me about 10 minutes without help . I agree the instructions were minimal , but this is n't rocket science to assemble it . And , yes , the instruction page implies some of the parts are pre-glued , but if they had been you would n't be able to get the net on , so get over it ! Glue is an option , but I chose to use the small screws included -LRB- I figure I can glue it if the screws wear out - PVC pipe glue should do the trick -RRB- . A couple insights that may help make assembly easier
 This makes pool time a lot more fun . It is well designed and is as good as new after many many uses . I just wish that it came with more than one ball , or that additional balls could be purchased separately .
 We got this for our grandchildren and had no problem putting it together . The kids love it and we are very happy with it .
 I bought a couple of these Jeeps for my nephews and they were dirt cheap , under 10 bucks a piece . Both Jeeps I received are red and look impressive in big boxes and include batteries . The Jeeps are large and can easily fit average size action or GI Joe figures . Any Tonka-loving kid would enjoy receiving this Jeep and I 'm glad I got such a great deal .
 One of the best gifts I 've ever found on Amazon . Nieces love them and I love the wooden traditional look .
 My daughter LOVES ballerinas right now , and dressing/undressing her dolls and animals and herself , so I thought this would be perfect for her , and it is . She plays with it almost daily , and all the pieces are sturdy . Plus , as with most Melissa & Doug products , you get a cute wooden box/tray to store it all in , which minimizes mess , especially since my daughter enjoys sorting the clothes in their various little areas in the tray . Just do n't get the clothes wet , as the surface -- whatever it 's made of -- will absorb it and will have that water-stained look . So maybe keep it away from faulty sippy cups and slobbery youngsters who still put everything in their mouths .
 This is a great item for that favorite special little girl in your life . I have decided to hold off giving it to my bundle of joy who is almost 2 because the pieces are a little small . This is not the toy where you can push or cheat on the age limit .
 Another Christmas present for my granddaughter and she immedicately began playing interact with it and enjoyed it a lot Christmas day
 Great for kids who love to play with dress up dolls . Bonus no crying over ripped dresses ! Wish you could interchange clothes on different dolls though .
 These doll sets are amazing . The magnets work well and have provided hours ans hours of play time for my daughter !! Love them all .
 This was a bit hit with our Niece for Christmas . She loves changes her clothes and pretending with her on stage .
 My grand-daughter is just turning 3 and LOVES ballet-arinas ! She likes dressing in a tutu herself , and these sturdy , board book-type cut-outs are just the ticket for a little one with little motor skills . She can not tear the doll or the dresses , but can dress her over and over again to her hearts delight .
 I bought this for my 2 year old niece and she is n't too interested in it just yet . Will have to wait a little longer until she wants to play with it . I dig it though !
 Easy for small child to use , and change clothes again and again . Also , very sturdy . It will last a longtime .
 I bought these for my 4 year daughter . I loved having dress up dolls as a girl myself . These are even better , you do n't have to worry about paper shredding or loosing the clothes . FABULOUS IDEA !!!!!!
 My 2.5 year old plays with this daily . She loves to create different outfits for the ballerina . The quality is great - just like other Melissa & Doug products . We put the box in a ziplock bag , which keeps the pieces in one place and teaches her to pick up after she 's done playing . This will be a toy that is played with for a long time in our house .
 My 3 year old absolutely loves dressing up this wooden ballerina with magnetic dress-up pieces ! She 'll sit quietly and dress her up in one outfit after another . I just wish it came with a lid for storage . But other than that a great , durable toy !
 I purchased this for my granddaughter and she likes to dress it up . It is much easier than most dolls and as often as she likes to change what she is wearing , this ballerina can change just as quick as my granddaughter .
 My niece loved this paper doll . It 's durable and sturdy . It 's just what I wanted for her . She loves it .
 My 3 year old niece loved this , she even got her dad involved in dressing the ballerina . Its something like a puzzle in the outfit has to fit together .
 My two year old loves it . -LRB- Yes , I know it is n't for kids under 3 , but she playes with it supervised . -RRB- Additionally , my 4.5 year old son likes it too . It is very durable and of high quality as you would expect of Melissa and Doug products.My only complaint -LRB- and the reason for my 4 star rating -RRB- is the packaging . There is no lid or other means to keep everything together . The box does n't fit in a regular size Ziploc Freezer bag -LRB- my answer for a lot of toys with little bits -RRB- . So invariably it ends up on a high shelf where it is n't going to get knocked around and spilled .
 As a child I remember spending hours playing with paper dolls . Now I can do it again with my grand-daughter , who 's almost three . However , this version with wood and magnets is much easier for a young child to manipulate . One caution , we never play with this when her twin sisters -- age 15 months -- are around , because if they swallowed some of the little pieces the magnets in them would be very dangerous . Overall , it 's a great toy , as long as the child is old enough .
 I bought this item for my niece for her birthday because she has other magnetic dress-up dolls at home . She loves it and plays with it all the time . This item is very cute for the little girls who like to dress-up themselves or dolls .
 My daughter has one of these and while the toy itself is a lot of fun , the packaging leaves some to be desired . The dress pieces and the doll come in a little partitioned box , which is perfect , but it does n't have any type of lid to keep the pieces in . This is great if you 're keeping it neatly on a shelf , but makes it hard to take with you anywhere without your own storage container .
 I purchased this for a daycare center , and the kids love it . The sturdy pieces are perfect for eager little hands . The girls are especially delighted , but the boys like it , too !
 It was a great toy . My granddaughter loved it . I wish their was a cover on the box , so you would n't loose any pieces .
 I purchased this for my 3 year old cousin . She absolutely loves it . I liked the fact that it is much more durable and easy to play with than traditional paper `` paper dolls . ''
 I love this magnetic dress-up doll . My daughter had a cardboard one which she loved and this one is just so much better , especially the box to keep it all in -LRB- a lid would be useful but not essential -RRB- .
 Love this . Got it for my twin daughters for Christmas , they are gon na love it too . I got it on sale which is even better especially in today 's economy and having four kids ...
 My 2 1/2 year old daughter really likes this . She got it for Christmas and has fun dressing up the Ballerina . Wish it had a lid ... but other than that it 's a cute simple toy .
 Melissa & Doug make excellent toys and this one is no exception . We bought it for one granddaughter for Christmas , but both play with it . They come up with great combinations and we like the part where it is magnetic and keep the parts in place .
 I got this as a gift for a friends daughter who immediately opened it up to play with and what fun it is ! I really got into it myself . Lots of peices to mix and match with and they are made of real wood . The ballerina stands up nice too .
 Gave to my young cousin for Christmas , made a great gift . Also arrived in two business days at my work address !
 Cute , cute magnetic `` paper doll '' set . Four-year old granddaughter loves it . The set has matching hats , shoes , and tutu . The doll is thick and pretty much indestructable ; so much easier for a small child to handle . The box could use a lid , other than that , perfect .
 My daughter just got this as a present for Christmas , and loves it ! Ever since I opened up the box she has been running around saying `` Nina ! '' and putting all of the clothes on the doll . I see this toy getting a lot of use in the near future .
 This product is an excellent toy for any age . Both of my girls love to play with it . It is great for imagination .
 I bought this magnet set because my daughter 's name is Nina but I had no idea she would love playing with it so much.She spends alot of time trying different outfits . I think it shows her how to match different colors and prints . It 's great . We both are really pleased with this toy .
 We bought this for a 3 year old and both she and her 5 year old sister love it ! They love dressing the doll up and playing with all the pieces . I thought they might like it but had no idea how much they would enjoy it . I have it on the list to now buy for my own daughter for her birthday .
 With two girls ages 4 and 2 , this is perfect . Very durable and easy for them to handle . They love learning how to match an outfit , or even make crazy combinations . We had previously received a doll from grandma , so another doll was necessary to keep peace !
 My 4 year old granddaughter , has really enjoyed playing with this Magnetic dress up toy . Durable .
 This toy is loved by my 4 year old daughter . We have both the Princess and the Ballerina dolls so we can play with them together . Lots of fun changing their outfits , and easy to do . The only downfall is that there is no lid or top to put on when done so pieces can easily fall out and get lost . I wish I had known that before I purchased . I do love the little stand that help the dolls stand up making it more fun to play with .
 On opening this at Christmas , my 4 year old niece immediately started playing with it . It 's well made and the storage box is handy for all the pieces .
 The little girl I purchased this for loved it . I have always been happy with the quality and prices of Melissa & Doug toys . I 'll look for them specifically .
 I am a pre-school teacher , the children in my class enjoy this product greatly . They love to mix and match the outfits , and being magnetic is great , They are learning to share and take turns .
 I would recommend these to family and friends . I bought them for my 2 and 3 year old grandaughters for Christmas .
 This was a gift from my mom to my 2 year old daughter . She loves to dress her `` Rina '' -LRB- toddlerise for `` Ballerina '' -RRB- over and over again . I rated it as 4 stars for educational , because we have talked about the doll missing shoes , or a skirt , or a shirt . We have been using it as a getting dressed teaching tool , and as she gets a bit older , I can see it as a coordinating clothing teaching tool . It is simple enough to set up -LRB- the doll has a stand to make it stand up on it 's own -RRB- that she does it all on her own . There are some comments on the container not having a lid , and yes , that would be a nice feature to add to it . However , we have n't had any issues with it so far . Granted , we only have had it for about a week but still . My 2 year old has no problems carrying the box in such a way that the pieces stay in the box . if it became a problem ... they make this really nifty thing , called a ziploc baggy . ; -RRB-
 I recieved this puzzle much quicker than I thought I would and am very pleased with the toy . I know that my daughter will love playing with this . My daughters love paper dolls so much but they rip and do not stay together to play with without tape . This puzzle has very strong magnets and very large durable , toddler able pieces to hold and play with . I love how the figures are healthy looking and the clothing they wear cover them selves . I also love that the packaging offers other ways for parents to play with the toys with their children to help the child learn while playing . And so many of the idea 's go along with what my oldest is learning in preschool ! Wonderful product !
 I recently gave these to my 4-year-old granddaughter and she loved it . My son said she played with it for quite a while when she got it and still plays with it . Very appropriate for her age as well .
 Very fun magnetic dress up set . These sets provide hours of fun for kids in my opinion . I buy them for gifts all the time . Wish they came with a carrying case tho . That would be ideal to keep all the pieces organized .
 This gift was sent as a birthday present . The little girl that received the gift is quite happy with it . She plays with it every day . Good for helping to learn colors and color coordination .
 This has just enough pieces to be fun but not too many to overwhelm . The outfits r darling . The shoes are a good siZe for small hands . Love the storage box this toy comes in .
 I bought this for a 3 year old for her birthday and she has been playing with it daily for the past few months ! She loves to invent different costumes and sings while playing and dances around with the doll . My daughter has it and plays with it daily for the past couple of years ! -LRB- she is 5 now -RRB- . My daughter loves paperdolls , but they do n't last . This toy will last a long time !
 My daughter received this for her 3rd birthday , and she loved it ... she put different outfits on her and she played with it forever ... what I like is that it comes in its own case so that all of the pieces stay together ...
 We got this for our not-quite-three-year old daughter last week . She loves playing with it . Even when she 's not putting different outfits on the doll she 'll play with it , talking to her `` pretty ` rina '' . I would definately tell someone to buy this without any hesitation , it 's a great gift for a child .
 This toy is great , but I do wish the box had a lid for easier storage . I have had this over a year , and my kids have n't lost any pieces , but a lid would still be preferred . Other than that , it is a great , fun , and durable toy . My kids really love to put different outfits together .
 This magnetic doll with clothes and accessories was the perfect toy for playing on the go , at a park or in the car . The pieces are big enough so you wo n't be searching all over for the or accidentally suck them up with your vacuum . The colors are pretty and bright . A lovely toy to give as a gift as well .
 My daughter -LRB- 4 yrs -RRB- has 3 of these little magnetic dolls and she loves them . They are easy to play with and come with many different clothing options . I just wish there was a permanent cover to go over the box to hold all the pieces in place - I 've resorted to putting it all in a shoebox to keep little pieces from being lost .
 There are other magnet dolls by Melissa and Doug , all equally as good ! I would n't -LRB- like other reviewers -RRB- say Melissa and Doug 's quality is top-notch on all their toys we had a hammer toy splinter apart and another `` wooden '' puzzle that was just thin sheets of wood glued one atop another to make each wooden piece chunky and we 're constantly glueing that back down as each piece peels up BUT in the case of this toy it 's SOLID . Even the magnet holds well to the wood , no peeling up , quite durable.And you ca n't beat the Amazon price , free shipping , no sales tax , under $ 10 . We paid $ 10 at Barnes and Noble because that 's where we first saw them and thought the idea was ingenious.My only complaint would be that each magnet doll comes with a wooden stand she can placed in but because the doll is so top heavy really any slight movement of her topples her out of the base . My DH was thinking of making another wider base to combat that issue.While we love all their magnet dolls the clothing parts are , sadly , not interchangeable so we have to bag each doll separate . But that makes for easy portablity , one for upstairs , one for down , one in the diaper bag LOL.And we got these when my DD was no longer chewing on toys , that was about 20 months old and so even though there are smaller parts -LRB- the shoes on this one , the gloves on the princess one -RRB- she has never had any issues with choking on anything . It has helped improve her coordination , she 's now 2 and getting the parts on in the perfect spots .
 My daughter loves this toy ! It was a great birthday present . Very durable as well , which helps with little ones who can be ruff on toys .
 Got this for our 4 year old Grandaughter for Christmas . She loves it - so do her Mommy and Daddy because it 's a quiet toy.Give lots of opportunity for her creativity.Seems well made and with luck will still be around for her 6 month baby sister when her time comes . True to Melissa and Doug quality .
 I purchased Melissa & Doug 's Nina Ballerina as a Christmas gift for my 3-year old granddaughter , who loves dressing up as a ballet dancer . She was thrilled with this toy . Its large scale and magnetic grip make it easy for 3 year old fingers to mix and match outfits , while the wood construction can withstand the sometimes vigorous plays she invents ! My granddaughter can identify with the child-like face and figure of this dress-up doll , unlike some similar products that are on the market . This toy is a winner for any little girl !
 We purchased this set as well as two other Melissa and Doug dress up doll set for our daughter for Christmas . They are all absolutely wonderful . Very well made . The type of toy that you can pass from child to child . My daughter loves to dress up all the dolls and then stand them up and play pretend -LRB- like they are all going to a ball -RRB- . These dolls keep her occupied for at least an hour , absolutely amazing!Note about the company Melissa and Doug : We had an issue with one of the other dress up dolls and contacted the company about our concern . They were extremely prompt in a response and were eager to rectify my issue . I have not experienced such GREAT CUSTOMER SERVICE in a very long time ! Our family will now be life long consumers of Melissa and Doug products as they had already won me over with the quality of their products and now we have the absolute cherry on top of fantastic , friendly and quick customer service!GREAT company and GREAT products!Also , out of all the items my daughter received for Christmas these are what she has been playing with for the past week.I also love that the box has suggestions for EDUCATIONAL uses for these dolls!I wanted to make note that I 've read some of the other reviews about wishing there was a lid to this product . Yes , that would be nice but it really has n't been a problem for us as our daughter has been told that after you are done playing with the dolls all items must be picked up and put neatly back in the container . But a lid would be nice for transportation purposes . Especially since the container that it comes in is so nice .
 Purchased this for my 3 year old niece . She LOVED it ! My mom even wanted one , LOL . So much more durable than old fashioned paper dolls . SUre wish I had girls to buy for , but I have all boys . Great toy for girls young and a bit older .
 I ordered this for my 3 year old granddaughter who is taking ballet lessons . The pieces are chunky and colorful . She is able to pretend with this set without bending the pieces . She immediately liked the toy which made grandma very happy .
 My girls have loved these . I originally bought them for my oldest when she was 5 and her sister was 3 , now they are 6 and 9 and these are still being played with ! They have worn some on the edges but still look good and work well . Now my youngest girl is almost 2 and is starting to play with them as well when they have them out.I agree with the comments here , on the container that these come in - it should have had a lid . It 's a lovely , well constructed wood tray and I have kept them all to set out items for crafts on table . I own several of these sets and I find it works just fine to keep them in a cheap , plastic shoebox container that I got for a dollar and holds more than one set of dolls and magnets.If having trouble getting the clothes to attach , check to see if you need to clean the back of the magnet since anything stuck on will keep it from making contact -LRB- being careful not to get the paper front wet -RRB- . I would definately purchase again / purchase for a gift and recommend this if your kids like paper dolls but you do n't feel they are old enough to take care of them .
 I have purchased this toy for 3 of my Greatgrand daughters always with much pleasure for us all . I buy Melissa and Doug items whenever they are available knowing I am buying good quality and much fun for the lucky child .
 My daughter loves the magnet doll at her daycare so she will have 1 now at home , I know she will love it : -RRB-
 My 6 year old grand daughter loves to play dress up and this is a perfect travel toy for her .
 The product was wonderful and the person running the site was even better . His customer service is superb . The original item although listed in stock was not and would not be available until after I needed it . I was called to ask if a substitution would be accepted and I was given a few choices similar to the one I had originally chosen . There was no additional cost to me although the substitution was of greater cost . I would definately shop this site again .
 This is my second stunt kite and I find tricks much easier to pull off in this kite.Very high quality and great looks ! I just love the color scheme !
 First off , I want to let you know that you need to have the Phonics mat for this product to work . This product is an accessory and will not work on its own . A lot of you may know that already , but it is n't made very clear in the item description and I wanted unknowing people to avoid making a mistake!I rate this toy as 1 star for durableness because this company is no longer in business . Once this toy is gone or broken , it can not be replaced . For all I know , this toy may last forever . Hopefully , it will .
 My nephew was given this mat for his birthday and have given me rave reviews each time I see him , as have his parents . He was a struggling reader in first grade , and reluctant because of his difficulties . He has proudly shown me his ability to make words using this toy , and regularly experiments by making new words , adding to his vocabularly as he is ready to do so . His mother reports that he also uses it to study his weekly spelling tests.The mat pronounces words that are spelled into the mat using the tiles . It is remarkably accurate in its pronounciation , with a very pleasant voice.This toy won the Oppenheim Toy Portfolio Platinum Toy Award , from what I 've read and also holds my humble endorsement .
 I think it is one of the most useful tools to teach a baby how to read and all the sounds of the letters ...
 I am ten , but much wiser in the toy world , and I think that this is one of the cutest , most wonderful toys you can get.First off , it has really soft fur . It feels like velvet.Second , it comes in two other colors , that you can match up with the other kitten , and the cat -LRB- I 've got a marmalade family -RRB- . And lastly , it is so lifelike.Its very durable . The only thing is , you might hear the gears whirring.It 's educational , because it teachs younger children compassion for other beings , and how to care for a pet .
 Hello , my name is Ashley , and I am twelve years old . My younger brother , John Michael is nine years old and has special needs and mental retardation . This cat by Hasbro toys was originally introduced to us by our cousin , Allison . John Michael fell in love with it immediately . For Christmas , `` Santa '' brought him this cat , which he named Sammy . Whenever John Michael gets angry , Sammy calms him down right away . Sammy has taught John Michael responsibility as well , because we make him feed him and brush his coat . Thank you Hasbro , inventor of the Fur Real New Born Cat . We like this toy so much , we are thinking about getting John Michael the Newborn Dog for his birthday in August . Also , thank you Allison -LRB- The Ultimate Cat Lover -RRB- for introducing us to this alternative for pets . Sammy is an easy one to have in our household !
 This kitten makes the cutest noises and is very cute ! I like when she moves and opens her eyes when you pet her . I think lots of girls would like this .
 I saw a little girl playing with this once while at a restaurant waiting line and it looked so cute and interesting . When I was shopping for my nephew 's birthday present I came across it at a discounted price so I thought heck why not and purchased the Marmalade kitten and at first I could n't tell what color the cats eyes were but in good light I found that my kitty `` Velvet '' has blue eyes . My real cat `` French Fry '' seems to adore the Fur Real kitten . He 's an only cat so when I got it home and put in the batteries I automatically let him give `` Velvet '' his blessing of living along side him . He licked the Fur Real kitty in the forehead . This kitty is great for kids trying to learn to take care of an animal but it does get a little boring after awhile due to it 's repetive movement and sounds but it 's great to have just sitting on your desk or add to your stuffed animal collection . `` Velvet '' sit on top of my computer and I play with it when downloads are slow . It 's a great toy and worth buying in some sort . I 'm a Kid stuck in a Adult 's body . I LOVE TOYS and no matter what age . I 'll still run amuck in a toy store . LOL =D You grow old when you stop having fun but forever stay young when you continue to have fun .
 My Mom bought this toy for me . If I had to say , this would be my second favorite toy . It is a very good toy . It has very good durability . If your child is under six , he or she will probably love it ! It is alot of fun . It can make several kitty noises . It can even move its head around and open and close its eyes . It 's very good . It 's soft and cuddly . It 's almost like it thinks . It is a very good companion and I love it !
 THIS KITTEN IS JUST TOO ADDORABLE TO PASS BY AT THE STORE WITHOUT TAKING A GOOD LOOK OR EVEN TOUCHING IT THROUGH THE HOLES IN THE BOX , I DO N'T THINK THIS IS A WASTE OF MONEY , I JUST GOT MINE TODAY AND IT DOES N'T LOSE MY INTREST ONE BIT , ANY KITTEN LOVER OR ANY CHILD WHO IS TOO YOUNG TO HAVE A REAL KITTEN , YOU MUST GET THEM THIS KITTEN , IT 'S WORTH EVERY PENNY , NO DOBUT ABOUT THAT , YOU CHILD WILL LOVE THIS KITTEN , SHE/HE WILL BE PLAYING WITH IT FOR HOURS , THIS KITTEN WILL BE LOVED FOREVER , NO MATTER WHAT !!! 1
 My cousin has the black and white kitten and it is soooooo cute ! But what I may want to warn you about is she has a cat -LRB- it 's a real cat , not a fur real friend -RRB- and it knocked it of her bed and it landed face first and the head is n't working great but it still works properly ! To make it work , she justs lightly pulls the face . Other than that , it is really cool !
 Sometime this month I am going to get himhis name will be Marty
 Bought for my 4-year-old . Loved it . All the kids at Christmas were fighting to play this instrument . What fun . And perfectly sized for small hands .
 Very well made and works great . My 4 year old daughter loves it . I would highly recommend for young children .
 I was VERY impressed on the sound and quality of this toy . It is a little tough for small hands to play , but accordians are n't easy for adults to play either . I 'd highly recommend this accordion over any other . The sound that comes out of this little toy is spot on for the real thing !
 Great toy ! Nephew -LRB- 2 years -RRB- very happy , drags with pleasure ! When playing , requires all danced -RRB- -RRB- For a child - super ! For education is not good . So who sees his children musicians , instruments must be real , not toys !
 Its really nice . I bought it because i have always wanted one . The sound is very nice . But the middle part keeps giving out weird noise whenever i streched it ... it might be because its new ... Hope it will go away soon . . Overall a very good toy !!
 this is a great accordion , my son loves playing with it ... it 's holding pretty good , the sounds are pretty good , and after a great number of falls something might brake from the inside ... : - -RRB- I would for sure recommend this product .
 Is durable to hold up to my niece and she really enjoys playing with it .
 Received the accordion within 3 days -LRB- ordered on a friday , got it on a monday -RRB- and everything was in great condition . I was actually surprised by the speedy service since I selected regular mailing delivery . The bellows are kind of stiff , but that was to be expected.Even though it 's a toy accordion it will take some patience for a child to learn how to play it . But with some practice they can get the hang of it . I recommend this for someone who wants to buy it for their child -LRB- recommend at least 7-10 -RRB- or an adult who wants to eagerly learn the accordion w/out investing in a $ 300 one .
 My kids have really enjoyed this accordion . One of the buttons got stuck right away and the instructions are a little brief but other than those complaints it 's a great toy .
 Ca n't really use it to play any tunes but my kid had lot 's of fun with it.For this price it 's good music toy.Give you kid idea about this music instrument .
 My 4.5 yr old niece loved it ! She wanted several pieces to complete &#34; her band &#34; and this was a great addition .
 Our daughter had been wanting one of these instruments , and we were lucky to find one . It plays real well , and is a little difficult for her to play it as it is a little to small , and she is only five . We were a little disappointed when the wife and I saw it due to its size . But she enjoys it so that is all that matters .
 I would never have dreamed that this would have worked out as well as it has . I figured this would be a simple toy accordion to jokingly learn to play ; however , I discovered this is FAR from just a toy . It really does play like an accordion and actually sounds pretty good and does n't cost much to learn to play . I have no idea how long before the buttons or the bellows wear out , but , for now this is a cheap way to learn and see if I 'm interested in learning a more complex instrument .
 My 5 year old son saw one of these in a restaurant with an attached gift shop . I went back later to purchase the product and they were sold out . I am so glad I found one . This item is absolutely adorable . It does work well and comes with a fold-out instruction booklet . There are several songs and instructions for how to play in the booklet . This was a very good buy and I would highly recommend it to anyone .
 Great item , easy to play , great quality for the price . Just as we expected and arrived quickly . Look just like some antiques we have seen around , but is brand new !
 This is an instrument for kids . This is NOT a toy !!! My daughter has been jamming like mad ! Me and my boyfriend fight over who gets a turn next !! Highly recommend this product !
 This little `` toy '' accordion is more than just a toy . No it 's not a toy it 's an instrument , a REAL accordion ! This is a cool little accordion , it sounds excactly like the real thing , plays very nicley -LRB- Although it runs out of air quickly due to small bellows -RRB- It just feels and sounds great ! Highly recommended !
 I saw a Youtube video of a grown man playing a toy accordian and it made me want one too ! Luckily my 4 year old had a birthday coming up!This thing is tiny , like maybe two hands wide but that 's no problem to me . I just want to mention the size up front because some reviewers seemed surprised that it is not bigger . It plays a clean note when pushing or pulling so their are no bad notes.The bellows is stiff to move but that seems to be by design so that you move it slow and steady . This keeps the kids from going `` Weeen-wheeen-whewww-wheeen-wheww '' super fast.The `` air-valve '' button that allows you to open and close it without playing a note got pushed in after two months but it was easy to fix -LRB- Just take unscrew the side panel -RRB- . It is a toy and for the price , a great one that my whole family still plays with months later .
 The accordion is extremely durable and has been used by my daughter , from age 5-6 and any friends that come over to visit . It is easy to make harmonious music that actually sounds good .
 I bought this for my child 's preschool class at daycare and they all love it so much ! What a neat item ! I wish I would 've bought this for my 3 year old for Christmas instead
 This is a wonderful item . Built amazing . Just like a little real accordian . Just thought the kids would of liked it more . But its something that will stay around for years and years .
 This is a very small working version of real accordion - sadly , it is not as durable as a real musical instrument needs to be . I ordered 8 acordions for my 2 preschools -LRB- 4-5 year olds -RRB- . One accordion arrived damaged . Another was damaged within minutes when a child , playing correctly , pushed a botton with his small finger . The button lodged inside , will not come out , and the accordion is ruined .
 I really like this instrument for the price . It comes with almost 2 octaves , with no middle tones -LRB- # or b -RRB- . but is a good start for kids . I really love it . I have to be with my 2 1/2 y/o Son while he plays with it because he can destroy any toy , then I better be careful sometimes and save it for later .
 So far so good ... I was a bit surprised by the small size of this ... just not what I was expecting -LRB- guess I did n't read the fine print -RRB- ... but as it turns out , it is easier for little arms and hands to manage
 I consider this item as a professional architect 's product for modeling . If you 're planning to build a project scale model you 'll be right buying this . The seller was nice and the shipping fast even with sandy storm issues .
 I used this for my tropical rainforest project . I used regular , school glue to cover florist foam then sprinkled this on top . It made an excellent ground cover . All of it does n't stick to the glue , but stays in place with static electricity . It 's really cool . I have a ton of it left for other projects .
 This is just a very cool statue that is simple to put together . You simply remove the figure , slide a metal pin into the base and ... viola ! The detailing and paint on my statue are great and I could n't find any fault with it at all . It makes a nice addition to any figure/statue collection or shelf for fans of The Flash .
 I volunteer with Malayan and Island Flying foxes and recieved this as a gift and it looks very accurate and cute . It is perfect for teaching youngsters and helping them appreciate and care for bats in the future . The toy looks so adorable and cute and is a perfect gift for anyone who loves bats ! : -RRB-
 It is getting rare these days finding quality made plush , no matter what species you are looking for.This Flying Fox is a good example of quality plush.A great deal of attention of detail was used when creating this bat . Wonderous soft fur . Great looking wingspan . Adorable looking face.How can one not like this bat?A great addition for the bat lover !
 After a trip to the zoo and spending lots of time with the flying fox and another room of bats , my boys were begging for a bat toy . The ones at the zoo were sort-of cute , but not really worth the cost in my mind . These were ordered for Christmas gifts and I know the kids will be happy . These are a nice large size , and have really great details !
 Accurate and still cute and cuddly . 6 yr old daughter loves it , and she -LRB- the bat not the daughter -RRB- has held up well to being swung around by every appendage and crashed in to a wide range of hard surfaces . It has inspired more unusual/exotic pretend games than most of the other ` stuffies ' .
 I purchased this since I love all bats especially fruit bats . I found it to be a very wonderful representation especially one I can use to show children when I give talks regarding the value of fruit bats/flying foxes . This is a great addition to my collection of soft toys esp the bats . Very happy with purchase .
 I got this for my 3 year old nephew who is inexplicably fascinated by fruit bats . He FLIPPED . It 's as cute as a bat can be , I guess - pretty good size , too .
 This is one of the larger plush bats I have seen . It is made to resemble the Grey Headed Flying Fox -LRB- Pteropus poliocephalus -RRB- of Australia . The wings are of a felt material as are the claws on the legs . The `` thumb '' claw on the wing is of a satin material . The replication is accurate even to the amount of wing membrane on the legs . It is a nice plush .
 This fruit bat is very big in size , probably much larger than life!LOLIt make sit more fun and the details can be well observed !!! it will finely decorate a Kid 's bedroom or even an adult 's bedroom!It 's so much fun to play with that fantastic and resistant toy !!!! it can easily replace a plane in a bedroom !!! it 's a flying thing but it 's alive , better than a plane actually , in my opinion !
 I purchased this toy for our granddaughter who is 5 but my husband thought it would scare her . It 's very realistic in many ways . She knows about bats from her trips to the zoo where they have a huge display area . She absolutely loved it ! The tag that comes with it explains all the pertinent facts of the fruit bat . This is definitely an educational and fun toy . Decent price for the size and quality of the item .
 This was bought as a school project for my 13-year old granddaughter . She assembled it without assistance and I think she learnt from the assembly and function .
 My wife and I took our daughter to the Seattle zoo for her 5th birthday this year . There was a real Peacock walking about the zoo area 's . She was so into this Peacock that when we told her at the gift shop to pick out anything she wanted she picked a stuffed Peacock toy . Well a day or two later during the trip -LRB- not sure when -RRB- the Peacock went missing breaking her heart . I have been searching since January to find a close match and I did with Mr. Perry . I am currently in Afghanistan and Perry is here with me awaiting both of our returns in July . I can not wait to give it to her . Thank you for providing a great toy at a great price . Sincerely , a happy father ...
 The quality of this toy is very good and is lasting through the play sessions of my 7 and 9yr old 's various imaginative games . It has these really cute heart feathers on the top of it 's head . That was clever of the designers .
 I bought this as a coming home gift for my girlfriend , who had spent 5 months being woken up my peacocks . Of course it was somewhat of a gag , but she loved it ! It 's very soft and made of high quality materials and stitching .
 I thought this item was a Webkinz , but when my 8 year old daughter opened it for Christmas , there was no Webkinz tag so she gave it to her baby sister . Even though it is n't a Webkinz , it is still a beautiful , soft , colorful , well-made little toy .
 I actually have never ordered from Amazon for an item like this before . I was very impressed with the quality and quick turnaround time . This was a gift for a 85 yr old grandma as part of a basket . It had special meaning behind the peacock and grandma thought it was wonderful . It wasnt purchased as a toy for someone but as a collectable peacock . So , as for durability and educational value for us its awesome , couldnt really answer how it would be for a 5yr . old child tho . But I would rate this item/toy overall as awesome . I would most definitely order again from here , I was very impressed with the entire process and quality . Thank you for helping us to make grandma smile .
 My 7-year-old is into peacocks and wanted one for Christmas . She saw this one and decided she wanted this one . She is still super happy with it . It is very cute and the quality is nice .
 My granddaughter is decorating her new room with peacocks and this was a perfect addtion to it and gift for christmas !
 This peacock has a very soft body , and is as cute as it looks in the picture . Some people may not like the `` feathers '' however . The `` feathers '' part reminds one of some kind of dish scrubbing pad or something , only with lots of little threads coming out of it . Did I say `` lots '' ? Actually , I wish there had been more of them . As it is , while it 's not BAD looking , it 's still fairly ... well ... bald , for lack of a better word . That is , there are few enough threads that you can easily see the floppy stuffed part they 're fixed to . Which really is n't all that great to look at.So the body is soft , but the `` feathers '' ... not so soft . And not so many , either . If you think this will bother you , then it 's probably not for you . But personally , I love this plush anyhow . Very cute and interesting addition to one 's collection . -LRB- How many people own a stuffed peacock , after all ? -RRB- It 's just that some other people might not care for the back half of it.I 'm also not sure how those stringy threads will fare over time -LRB- whether they will come out or not -RRB- . It does seem pretty quality , but only time will tell , I guess .
 I bought this for my 24 years old Girlfriend as a random gift , I just wanted to give her something different . She loves the peacocks and this was a perfect gift for her ...
 Adorable and very colorful . My 4.5 yr . old granddaughter loves it . This , together with a colorful book on peacocks , made a great gift .
 It is cute for what it is . I bought this for my granddaughter . She wanted a webkinz bird and when I did an Amazon search for &#34; webkinz bird &#34; this came up along with the actual Webkinz . It looked really cute so without realizing it was not a Webkinz , I purchased it . I have not yet given it to her as I know she will be disappointed . Keeping it to give to one of the other -LRB- younger -RRB- granddaughters .
 My grandchildren just loved the stuffed animals . . they are very &#34; into &#34; peacocks ! Beautiful colors and very soft , and the price was very reasonable for this product .
 Purchased Flopsie for my best friend who loves Peacocks . The colors are vibrant and is very soft . I ca n't wait to give it to her as a gift . I do n't expect her to play with it , as she 's 38 ; however , I do believe she 'll put it in her bedroom as a cut keepsake .
 I bought this as a gift for a child who collects peacocks because she loves them so much ; she loved this one as well .
 This soft , cuddly peacock was so colorful and real looking it would be suitable for all ages . It will be sitting in our new great granddaughter 's room .
 I bought this as a Halloween prop to match a Halloween costume I got for one of my dogs and it was perfect
 So i got this as a gift and it is just as cute in person . it looks great and the colors are wonderful .
 I bought two of these toys , one for my niece and my girlfriend , who likes peacocks , and both loved it .
 It is very cute . And it is soft.I like it a lot . And it is fun . I take it to bed with me .
 My 6yr old daughter loves peacocks and wanted a peacock birthday party . I ordered this stuffed one and was very pleased with it . Very bright , extremely soft and my daughter really loves it . Also got her a book about peacocks at the same time . Very good purchase if you have a peacock lover !
 I love this soft and colorful peacock toy because it has so many textures and has heart-shaped head feathers . It is really cute and my 5 year old niece will love it!I also bought 2 peacock books to go with this gift .
 This is a very cute and different stuffed animal which is exactly how it looks . My daughter likes unusual things and I thought that this fit the bill . I bought it for her 5 month old son and he loves it too . It 's very eye cathching . I gave it mostly 3 stars because I do n't believe the questions apply to the product . My overall rating is a 5 star because it 's so cute and that 's usually the purpose of a stuffed animal . Worth buyinig .
 I gave the peacock toy to my friend 's little daughter . I put REAL peacock feathers on it since I look after a real peacock all winter by my house and he is a favourite of mine . They went well together .
 it is cool.It it cool and nice and fun even when my doggy eat it and now my birdy smell ass crap!i really love the smell of doodoo !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
 This was my daughter 's favorite present that she received . We actually had to pry it out of her arms when she was sleeping to turn off the music portion . My only complaint is that the singing/music part of the toy is quite loud . There is no volume adjust , but you can turn off the music . Great toy , perfect size and weight for a little one .
 My 2 year old loves loves LOVES this toy ! HE has no interest of stuffed animals or dolls of any kind except this one . I do n't think it is too loud , and there is an on/off switch on the battery box . I love that his clothes are washable . Now if we could only find a JEFF to go along with it !!!
 We are HUGE Wiggles fans here in Alabama ... My son LOVES these dolls ... he has them all . . My husband says they are his `` super hero '' of sorts ... lol ... WHATEVER ... dolls . . With two boys under two I need a doll that is good for both ages ... well the nice thing is the clothes can be removed and washed SOOOOO NICE . . so when the baby spits up on them they do n't stink.BUT the way the shirt velcros in the back is a pain I find myself telling my son Not to remove his clothes ... lol.The ONLY bad thing I can say about this doll is what just about everyone else is saying ... HE IS SO LOUD ... My son wants to sleep with one every naptime and I just ca n't risk it . . If he brushes him or rolls over on him I hear him singing in the bed . If only it had an on/off switch ... I 'D PAY $ 20 more for it !! Overall a NECESSITY for your little Wiggles Fan !
 My 21 month old son has been a Wiggles fan since he was a year old , so I was thrilled to find out that in addition to the other great toys they have out , they also have dolls to correspond to each Wiggle ! Each doll plays two songs ... Greg says
 We have all four of the Wiggles dolls plus Captain Feathersword , and this one is my son 's favorite . This is the first one we purchased for him back in May of 2003 . Now , eight months later it is still like new . The shirt is removable so it can be machine washed and the only marks on the doll are on it 's head where he 's banged it around and scuffed the black `` hair . '' It has been played with every day and is still working . And , for those times when you just ca n't stand to hear the wiggles any more , you can open up his back and there 's an on/off switch on the battery compartment . Thank you for the Wiggles !
 When I turn the Disney Channel on 47 , The Wiggles are finaly on every day only inside ... Playhouse Disney . These friendly four Australians will always have a special place in my heart-the Playhouse Disney Family , no matter what . Even though Greg is my best favorite Wiggle , I also keep lots of love left for those other three Wiggles .
 On Playhouse Disney , I have Greg only as my best favorite Wiggle-even if there 's enough love in my heart for Murray , Anthony and Jeff . Greg is a Yellow Wiggle and the Magician King of the Wiggles World , I love his kind smile , one of his magic tricks and of course my three words that describe him .1 . Hair , belt , pants , shoes black as night .2 . Eyes blue as a pool of water .3 . Shirt yellow as the lemons .
 Just so others know , I was reading the other reviews and parents complained how its hard for kids to take naps with these dolls , just so everyone knows if you reach in the doll by the battery compartment there IS an on/off switch , its a little hard to find but all 4 dolls and Dorothy and Wags all have the switch in them to turn them off at nap/bed time
 I have been waiting a long time for Wiggles dolls to come out and they did n't disappoint at all . My three year old son loves the Wiggles so I purchased all 4 of them and he takes them everywhere . They each say their name & sing 2 songs .
 My 14 month old daughter absolutely loves the Wiggle dolls . She currently has all 4 -LRB- and I 'm really wishing we could get a Captain Feathersword for her -RRB- and carries them all over the house . She will give them `` kisses '' and loves to press their stomachs to make them talk and sing . She will pick them up , press their tummies and just dance away . I 'm so glad that we got them for her .
 My son received this as a gift for his 2nd birthday . He loves it -LRB- he love anything Wiggles -RRB- . Overall we are pleased with the doll . However , they could have made them sing the whole song instead a line or two . Overall , if he 's happy , I 'm happy .
 The only real complaint I have is the trigger on our doll is too sensitive and any time you touch it the thing goes off . As much as my two year old daughter loves it I ca n't let her sleep with it because of this . I also do n't like that it only plays such a short version of the songs . Our Dorthy and Henry dolls play much longer sections .
 My 3 y/o son has all 4 Wiggles , Capt 's feather sword , hot potato , Henry and the gitar . He loves these dolls ! He 's not so happy with the other toys except the gitar . He sleeps with the dolls , carries them around everywhere and plays with them constantly . He will have them while he 's watching the Wiggles on TV and mock the show with the dolls . It 's too cute ! The only problem I have with them is that they are loud and do n't have a volume control . Jeff seems to be louder than the others . I do n't know why . I often ` put them to sleep ' -LRB- turn them off -RRB- LOL He loves them whether they sing or not . They are expensive though ...
 My son is totally `` Wiggly-fied '' He loves everything Wiggles !! Especially Greg , his favorite , a must have . The on/off switch is great if your child just has to sleep with their doll !
 My daughter is a Wiggles fanatic . She has learned so much from the show and I think the greg doll is fabulous . She sleeps with him at night ! A great toy !
 If you have a Wiggler in your house , get these dolls ! They are just so cute and very durable . My son loves to talk to them , asks them what they 've been doing all day , etc. . It 's pretty funny watching him play with these dolls and actually , the things they say really are n't annoying . He can push their bellies over and over and it does n't get too annoying so that is a winner right there . Great for the imagination and for the collector too ! Just wish they 'd make the Big Red Car for this size doll . That would be just great !
 My 2yr old daughter LOVES her Greg doll . She will walk around the house asking `` where 's greg ? '' if she ca n't find it . She will nap with it and treat him as her baby . I think the doll is well made and easy for child to carry around etc. . On the flip side it is annoying as all get out and VERY VERY loud . Too loud I think for childrens ears . Since my daughter insists on sleeping with it I take the batteries out at nap/nite time . That is when Greg is in `` sleeping mode '' I really wish there was an on/off switch in the back under his clothes . I really wish they would lower the volume and maybe add a few more phrases . It 's a great doll and she loves it so that is why I rated it so . It is very sensitive that it will go off if slightly touched .
 I am sure that I am going to buy this for my little cousin because it is her birthday and she she had a dog to care for so I hope she will like it !
 I bought this at a local store about a week after I saw it on television . I love FurReal Friends products , I have tons of the FurReal Cats and a FurReal Kitten , but all I was missing was a dog . Not wanting to spend a lot on Go-Go My Walkin ' Pup , or FurReal Puppies -LRB- I heard they were terrible -RRB- I chose a little newborn puppy . First off , you have to feel him ! He 's so soft . . just like velvet . He has tiny black eyes that open and close , and he can move his head up and down . A pink little nose , and random white patches , he 's the cutest plush you 'll ever see ! Makes lots of different newborn puppy noises , without opening his mouth . I 100 % reccomend him !
 I live in a neighborhood that does n't allow dogs . When I heard about the newborn puppies , I rushed out and bought one . I like it because it teaches you responcability and it 's just so cute ! - Rachel M.
 This was the greatest ! I would really reccomend it to any one who needs someone to care for and to love ! You sould totally go over to one of the store to buy it , trust me you 'll fall IN LOVE with it !!!
 This toy is cute but when i first got this toy at wal-mart I took it home and was exited when i put the batteries in . After a while I discoverd that when you pet it dos n't do anything and the box said it will become playful ! But it does not do anything but sleep . Well that was a while ago and now I never turn it on it is very cute when its not on so I keep it that way I like this toy because it teaches you how to be gentle with young puppies . If your child is begging for a puppy bur is to young to have one then get this toy for your child.-Nina
 when my sister Annie first got this toy we read the paccage and thought that the toy would be sooooooo much fun but after a day we found out that all the toy does is sleep . He is cute but doesnt do much , but I guess that is how real newborn puppies are . I have a GO GO my walking pup and they have so much more action then the newborn puppy
 This toy is cute but when i first got this toy -LRB- ... -RRB- I took it home and was exited when i put the batteries in . After a while I discoverd that when you pet it dos n't do anything and the box said it will become playful ! But it does not do anything but sleep . Well that was a while ago and now I never turn it on it is very cute when its not on so I keep it that way I like this toy because it teaches you how to be gentle with young puppies . If your child is begging for a puppy bur is to young to have one then get this toy for your child.-Nina
 I bought this toy at Toys Are Us yesterday . I saw it on the commercials and i thought it was cute . I have gotten a Fur Real cat before and I hated it . I thought I would give the company a second chance . When I saw the dog sitting on the shelf my mom squealed because it was so cute . I bought it and inserted the batteries in at home . Getting this toy out of the box is much easier than other toys.After the batteries were in I the dog sprung to life . It 's head rolled around in a circle and its eyes openened . It looked right at me . In the manual it said that the dog had a back sensor on it . So I pet the dog . It made a birdlike bark and moved it 's head . After a lot of petting , I discovered that the dog could only make 2 sounds which is n't very many for the dogs high price and size.Also on the commercial for the dogs the dogs would wake up when the owners talk . It appears to me that dogs can neither see or hear , although they seem to look up at you wherever you are in the room.That is all the dog does but I am still immpressed by it because it is so small and soft and you can barely hear the gears.I reccomend this toy to kids ages 11 and under.I think it is really cute and that it has a good few hours of fun in it .
 This is a great puppyhe is cute and first born When I was little I would always pretend I had puppies with my dog stuffed aimals that is after I saw my dog first born when he got bigger I wanted puppies of my owne when I pretended I had puppies it was with bigger dogs and I always wished my puppy would never grow up
 Hi !! well I just bought a FurReal Newborn Puppy . I havent had it long so I cant tell u many things but I can tell you that it is SO realistic !! Its head doesnt just move up and down but it moves almost in a circular movement . It 's fur is VERY soft and nice to the touch . The sounds on it are very realistic but its not really JUST like a newborn puppy ... its about as close as your going to get from the real thing though !! I got the tan and white one -LRB- I think that in real life he looks more real , although the other ones are VERY cute -RRB- !! K well I can type so many wonderfull things about this pup but theres not much room so I would highly recomend this puppy for anyone on the look for even a real puppy !! Just thing NO WALKING THE DOG !! or feeding it , so its a puppy minimize all the duties that comes with a real pup !! Good luck !!
 I like this toy because it teaches you how to be responsible . It shows you how a real a newborn puppy would be . That is why I like this toy .
 UNBELIEVABLY I FIND MYSELF CHRISTMAS SHOPPING AGAIN LOL . I HAVE HAD MY EYE ON THIS PUPPY SINCE THE FIRST TIME I SAW IT . A FEW DAYS AGO I FINALLY PURCHASED IT AND ADDED IT TO THE CHRISTMAS TOY COLLECTION IN MY CLOSET . I KEPT TAKING IT OUT OF MY CLOSET AND ADMIRING IT AND THEN PUTTING IT BACK . THEN I TOOK IT OUT AGAIN AND SLIT THE TAPE ON THE BOX AND EASILY REMOVED IT AND BUT SOME BATTERIES IN . RIGHT AWAY IT WOKE AND SLOWLY LIFTED ITS HEAD AND OPENED ITS LITTLE EYES !!! IT MOVED ITS HEAD LIKE A REAL NEWBORN PUPPY ALL WOBLY AND THEN LOWERED IT AGAIN AND WIMPERED ... IT FREAKED MY REAL DOG RIGHT OUT AND MADE ME LAUGH HARD . I HATED TO PUT IT BACK IN THE BOX , BUT THIS WILL BE WORTH THE WAIT UNTIL CHRISTMAS SO I CAN WATCH MY DAUGHTERS LITTLE FACE LIGHT UP WHEN SHE SEES HER PUPPY THAT WILL NEVER GROW UP . ITS A GREAT VALUE I THINK AND NOW I FIND MYSELF LOOKING INTO GETTING ONE FOR MYSELF -LRB- OOPS ... DID I TYPE THAT OUT LOUD -RRB- ANYHOW SOME SAY IT DOSENT DO MUCH , BUT EITHER DO NEWBORN REAL PUPPIES !!! ITS A REALLY GREAT LITTLE TOY FOR THE CHILD OR ADULT THAT LOVES PUPPIES .
 I fell in love with this puppy the minute I set eyes on it . WE were in a store and were able to see a live demo . I wanted my daughter who just turned two to have one . I noticed the age guidelines and decided that I would still buy it.She has had her puppy for a week and loves it like crazy he goes everywhere with us . She pets him constantly and tells him to shhh when he cries and will rock him back and forth like a baby.I can see why this toy would have age requirements as every child is very different . My daughter at 2 is very nurturing , is very gentle and loves to care for her dolls and stuffed animals.For real pets are going to be my new gift of choice for all my friends and family
 I bought one for my 10 year old , and 9 year old daughters.they went crazy over them.still havent set them down.I am now ordering more for my nieces ... awesome ... kelly from Ohio
 First of all I have the BROWN newborn puppy , but I am writing a review on tan & white since I ca n't find the brown on here ... . Anyway , the newborn pup I play with all the time it is soo cute and makes adorable puppy noises !! It is a very fun and educational because it helps you treat it with respect & to take good care of him . I rated the durablity 4 stars because my newborn 's head would ` nt move and it was making a clicking noise , but I pushed his head down and he worked again !! Again Hasbro will get better and better ^_^
 I bought it for my 3 yr old son and he loves it , of course we have a few puppies that we tote everywhere , but none of them are as cool and realistic sounding as this one !! It 's Great !!
 i have this newborn puppy and a newborn kitten too the puppy is cute it acts just like a real puppy and can open and close its eyes . i recemend this puppy for people who really want a puppy but ca n't have a real one
 i love this cutie pie pup it is the sweets thing ever made
 Knowing how much I love dogs , my boyfriend purchased this puppy for me as a gift . I was overjoyed to recieve it . It is absolutely adorable , and the puppy noises make my heart melt . I plan to purchase the enitre `` litter . '' Anyone who wishes they could have a puppy without the commitment should definately look into buying one of these little guys . Without a doubt , the cutest and most realistic non-real puppy I 've ever owned !
 I used to have a braz styling kit . and now i will get it for my sisters for there bdays for some fun . please buy this toy for any kid you have who likes makeup and barbie so much . and have fun with it .
 This is my favorite toy in the whole world . I play with it every day and it sleeps with me and my stuffed animals evry night . Sometimes we pretend we go to the moon together and we go there in the big red car . Other times we go to the rainforest . At night Anthony fights off clowns and wears a ninja suit . This toy has saved my life many times from evil clowns . He is my favorite toy .
 I have two little friends who are boys and they LOVE The Wiggles . As far as I know , one of my little friends got this doll for Christmas last year . I reccomend this toy for him if he likes The Wiggles . I also reccomend the Murray doll for him since he went to a Wiggles concert and Murray shook my little friend 's hand and made my little friend happy . I reccomend these Wiggles dolls for growing preschoolers because they help with creativity and learning skills . Get your Wiggles dolls today to help your preschooler 's developmental skills .
 My three year old is always carrying one of his Wiggles dolls where ever he goes . He has the worst time sharing them because they 're his favorite toys . I would highly recommend this doll to any parent with young ones !
 My 14 month old daughter loves the Wiggles , especially Anthony he 's her favorite -LRB- him and Capt. Feathersword who is very hard to find -RRB- It 's very easy for her to activate Anthony by pushing his stomach , and she loves to dance when it plays the 2 songs , the only disappointment to me was that the doll does not play either of the 2 songs in it 's entirety ! :o-LRB- He also says `` Hello , my name is Anthony '' All in all it 's a good toy , my daughter 's eyes light up whenever Anthony `` sings '' or `` talks ''
 This is a great doll . Also , great for the collectors . He 's so durable and quite life-like . He takes quite a bit of abuse and keeps coming back for more . Do n't hesitate on these dolls . They 're really great . However , there is one problem with them . Do n't bang them together because the black paint has a tendency to rub off on them . Try as I might , I have n't been able to get it off of two of these dolls and my son is very disappointed . Believe it or not , I 'm going to have to replace them . Another child damaged them that had a learning disability so extremely rough play will not be a good idea for these toys . Other than that , they go to bed with him each night !
 I Love Anthony he 's great and do n't forget to watch The Wiggles on playhouse disney
 Anthony may not be my favorite Wiggle next to Greg , but I do love him , including Murray and Jeff . It 's true about what really counts in the Playhouse Disney Family-having enough room for love within my heart.However , Anthony is more than just a Wiggle ... he 's also a magician-in training , because he wants to be a magician like Greg .
 Anthony is the cutest little Wiggle doll . He sings and talks and is sure to make your little Wiggle Fan Smile . He puts a smile on our little girls face everytime she plays with him . * Safe for Ages 1 and up -LRB- our opinion -RRB- and is Great for hours and hours of fun ... A GREAT DOLL FOR A GREAT PRICE *
 This is ADORABLE ! A must-have for all the Wiggles fans out there . He 's not too small and fits right in the arms of little ones for hugging . He says `` Hi , my name is Anthony '' , sings `` food , food , food '' , and `` Anthony 's workshop '' . Great for boys OR girls .
 If you own one or all of these dolls for your kids you can change the batteries or turn it off by pulling the velcro seam on the back of the shirt open and the underneath is another velcro seam covering the battery box . Great toy except my Anthony doll thinks he 's Jeff .
 This gently used doll came in great shape as promised and was shipped quickly . My special needs son will love it for years and years !!
 I purchased a new Anthony Wiggles doll for my 5 year old who LOVES the Wiggles ! The seller was extremely prompt in shipping the toy -- I received it within 2 days of making the order . It arrived in great shape exactly as advertised and worked great ! Thank you to the owners of In Funland for bringing more `` wiggly '' fun to our household ! Sam P.
 I bought this doll for my son because he LOVES dolls , but it is hard to find male dolls for him . What 0-4 year old kid does n't love the Wiggles ? My 2-year old son loves Anthony and we will probably buy the other three , as my daughters are quite taken with this toy , as well.Great toy for your little guy .
 My 2 year old daughter is in love with Anthony , so she was elated when she saw the Anthony doll at the toy store . She loves to sing along , and show him off at nursery school . We are planning on buying the other Wiggles Dolls .
 If you child likes the wiggles this toy is great . My son has all 4 characters and he loves them all
 Anthony is a Huge Hit with my two year old son . He absolutely LOVES all of his Wiggles dolls , and we have them all , including Captain Feathersword . And , as mom , I like that the shirt can be washed and he has an on/off switch inside for the times when I just ca n't stand to hear anymore - because these dolls go everywhere with him - at home and away from home !
 My 2 year old son has all 4 dolls and Captain Feathersword . He carries them around everywhere he goes , and I do mean everywhere , we ca n't leave the house without them . He has every video and DVD and he watches them all day . He also has the other toys , the Wiggle Bay CD-rom , the inflatable bed , sleeping bag , clothes , shoes , games , and the Little Tykes car . Pretty much everything you can buy in the US and on Ebay . And he saw them live on stage . So if your little one is a Wiggles fan , I highly recommend these dolls . They are very good quality and very durable .
 MY SON LOVES THE WIGGLES ! MURRAY IS HIS FAVORITE ! HE TAKES THIS DOLL WITH US EVERYWHERE WE GO . THE ONLY THING IS THE ENTIRE SONG NEEDS TO PLAY INSTEAD OF JUST A SMALL CLIP .
 My 2-1/2 year old son absolutely LOVES the wiggles -- and the dolls are great ! He has ALL of them ! I highly recommend them to any parent that has a child who likes the wiggles , esp . for those who have sons -- it 's a nice `` boy '' doll !
 My son loves all things Wiggles ! And all of the dolls are a must have for him ! The on/off swith inside his back is great for the child that just has to sleep with all the Wiggles .
 I bought this for my 2 1/2 year old and she just loves it . Every night she says good night to Murray and sings to him . We have enjoyed The Wiggles music and videos and were pleasantly surprised to see that they had come out with some toys that are of good quality.P.S . I also recommend The Wiggles guitar .
 We bought all 4 of the Wiggles dolls for my son . He quickly took his favorite , Murray , out of the box and has played with him ever since . They have all held up nicely , and I havent even had to change batteries yet . I hated to take any of them out of the box -LRB- for collector 's value -RRB- but he loves his Murray doll . Especially since we saw them in concert and Murray walked right up to him and waved ! Like another reviewer said , this is a great doll for a boy to love ! I do not feel any qualms about my boy having these dolls .
 I grabbed Murray first when I was buying these dolls since he seems to be the most popular and the hardest to find . Boy , was I glad ! Smart move . This doll is just as great as the others and really a great addition to my son 's Wiggles collection . Toys rus has the party supplies in too so check them out ! Ca n't wait for more Wiggle toys . They 're so durable and well made and I ca n't tell you how appreciative I am of that .
 My two year old son loves this doll , as well as the other three and Captain Feathersword . These dolls are drug all over the house and every where we go and with what they have been through makes it amazing to me that they still work and still look about as good as new . These are WONDERFUL ! The Wiggles are a favorite around our house !
 AS the previous reviewer said , these are great dolls for boys . It 's just nice to FINALLY have more toys for little boys to play with and use their imagination . These dolls are really great for imagination development . Durable too . I 'm glad I was able to get one before they 're gone !
 I love how I , describe Murray and his friends using 3 different descriptions . However , I 'll explain my three words about just Murray like this , 1 . Shoes , pants , and belt black as the tar pit ,2 . Hair brown as a Kodeak bear , 3 . Shirt red as an apple.Sometimes , Murray and the other two Wiggles like singing along with Greg while he plays his gutair .
 This is a wonderful item or object to have on a rainy day.Is your cooked up inside all day because its raining alot , this is great for you.I did my spa to go on a very snowy day.It was great my sister gave me my treatment needed for when she hurt me , so as a reward instead of me giving myself the treat of relaxation , she gave me the full day of relaxation.First she put the mask and painted my nails , then she did the rest.I 'm just trying to get to the point of , ... this is a great thing to have laying around !
 I love this kit . It is awesome . Nothing was missing when i got it and it 's so much fun to use . You can learn how to pamper yourself or do your nails . It is complete with EVERYTHING you need .
 I purchesed one of these cute little kitties not long ago . Mine is black but I have n't gotten the chance to look at its eyes because I still do n't hae batteries for it -LRB- 3 AAA -RRB- . I have seen one that my friend has , it is very cute and it seems real . The only things that arent great abuot it is that it makes noises when it moves , and it can get boring sometimes . I would buy this because it is like having a little buddy around all the time.NOTE
 I got the black kitten and it is cool and all but every time I turned it on all it would do was wake up blink and move its head in circles . I think that was a little wack but I still love it . I think the whole Furreal friends thing is really cool because then people who want pets like that one umm the butter scotch pony . I would love that because I am a horse loving freak but back to the kitten . I am not sure where mine is right now but I think they are really cool and if you have a child that wants a kitten , cat , puppy , dog , bunny , chimp , or even a horse I would suggest you start them out with a furreal friends animal they may be a little pricey but your child will have hours of fun and they will learn how to take proper care of a pet so like if they pull an animals hair then with the furreal friends cat it will growl at them or they would n't because they would learn to love pets and not abuse them I would totally suggest this cute little kitten .
 This toy got me exited when I got it today , I have the black one and the gray and white one , they act just like real kittens , they 're soo cute , if it brakes with it 's eyes open , do n't get rid of it , it 's still fun , broken or perfect , I recommend this toy becuase if you have a child who wants a cat or kitten , buy this and she/he will learn how to take care of a kitten , and also , besides the newborns , there are middle age kittens to get , they will have fun for hours , please buy this for your child , it will make her/he happier than ever !!!!!!! ^_^
 This book is so easy to transport -- provides a nice distraction for baby when we 're on the go . Now that she 's a little older , we focus on the sounds for the animals pictures , and my daughter loves the rattle and squeaker in the toy .
 My 2 year old son loves this toy ! I have never seen him this excited over a toy . It 's Jeff 's real voice and it actually looks like him too . When you press his belly he says Hello and sings some lyrics to two songs . Great purchase .
 By far , Jeff is the hardest one of the Wiggles to find so when Amazon gets him back in stock , be sure to grab him fast . He sells out pretty fast and I 'm glad I got mine while I had the opportunity . These dolls are so great and wonderful for the imagination . Plus , if you have boys , they really are nice to have since there are so many other things out there just for girls . We have all four of these dolls and boy , are they durable and well worth the money . Great buy too !
 I got my son all 4 of the Wiggles dolls , and since Jeff is his favorite he got him first.Within minutes I decided to do a little `` surgery '' on Jeff . He was way too loud , and I knew it would soon get on our nerves , so I removed his battery/speaker pack -LRB- which was difficult because it 's tightly sewn in -RRB- . I managed to get it out , and put tape over the speaker , so Jeff now sings in a much more pleasing volume . I have a feeling I 'll be doing this to the rest of the Wiggles too.Second problem - the paint on Jeff 's hands is wearing off here and there . Of course this does n't take away from the fun , but I expected it to be more durable as a Children 's toy.Overall , if someone in your house is a Wiggles Fan , these dolls are a must-have . They say `` Hi my name is ... '' and sing a couple songs , my son loves taking Jeff wherever he goes .
 Jeff is more than a purple Wiggle , he 's always falling asleep . There are times when Jeff ends up in a deep sleep , and that means The Wiggles , must try to wake him by singing the song , '' -LRB- Wake Up , Jeff -RRB- '' . Another song , also talks about Jeff-only similar , because you have to guess where Jeff 's fallen asleep . The guessing game song is called , '' -LRB- Where 's Jeff ? -RRB- `` That song , comes from Lights , Camera , Action Wiggles !
 I have three of this bear ; green , pink and yellow . All are pastel colors and I love them because they remind me of spring . They 're soft , which I really like . I have several different Beanie Babies bears , but these are definitely the softest .
 My daughter has had this wagon for over a year . It has fallen down stairs , been left outside all night , and been used nearly every day . Yet , it still works and my daughter loves it . It does require some assembly , so I recommend putting it together correctly before using it . It will be fine .
 This is a very good toy . She is beautiful . She was born 3 days ago and that was my birthday so now I am officially 9 ! I like how she feels . She 's like that fabric where if you stroke it both ways it feels fine ! When I felt how tough and how hard the body was I knew it was 5 stars durable . So it must be . But since this kitten is my favourite toy and I treat it like a real animal so I never dropped it ! Get it!Bye !
 I purchased this for my niece and she absolutely fell in love with it . She carries it around with her everywhere ! I love it though because it teaches her to be gentle with animals something that she was never good at before !
 My daughter got this as a present when she was 1 1/2 , she loved it . B/c she could make it 's eyes open and close to wake up and sleep and it purrs and meows just like a real kitten . She loves it , and has dropped it a few times it still works like new and she has had it and been playing with it for a year and a half now .
 The kitten opens its eyes , looks around , mews and purrrrs in different combinations when a spot is pressed on the back . It 's body contains a hard plastic rectangle but the legs , tail and rear end are stuffed similar to other stuffed animals . My 3 year old loves it . It 's just enough action for a small child . I do n't think it would hold an older childs attention as it really does not do much . The mouth of the kitten could use a little attention to detail to improve its appearance ... it is painted on the fur with a lavender dye .
 I got this newborn kitten for my birtday in June.I play with it a lot and I have not have to change the batteries !! My fav . Furreal product so far was the newborn puppy and Luv Cub.This one is good also ! The kitten is sooo cute and has soft vevlty fur !! It is fun to play with , but not like all the time !! Good job Furreal Friends ^_^
 The kittens r soooo cute and have such real sounds !!!! Just don ' get the white ones , they look dirty after a while !
 My 6 year old loves cats and really wants a kitten . Our other pets say no so this is the next best thing . This Fur Real Newborn Kitten is cute and makes very cute purring and meowing noises . You can also turn it off when you do n't feel like hearing those `` cute noises . '' My daughter , who paid for it herself , really enjoys this cat .
 My 2 1/2 year old recived this yesturday and i must say I didnt thank she would like it due to the age rateing on the box , but she takes good care of it and she puts it in her doll bed . It even purrs , It sounds like a real cat . Wonderful toy
 These kittens are very sweet & cute . They fill like real kittens.They pur , meow . They even move their heads . The coolest thing is that they open and close their eyes . Do n't worry they do n't bite , scratch , and you do n't need to worry about bad behavior . They do n't even need to use the bathroom . Now tell me that not cool or what !
 The only place I have seen this toy is the Argos catalogue . I 'm getting it . I have a Furreal Friends Cat and I was SO satisfied I want this one . It comes with a carrier . It opens and closes its eyes . I do n't know whether to get the grey or yellow or cream . Probably Cream . -LRB- Thats the colour of my cat you see -RRB- I love kittens and cats but I am allergic to them so I like the toys because they are the only ones I am not allergic to the toys . I love all kinds of the cat family . I am sure I LOVE THIS TOY!Bye !
 The mechanics are very cool . It moves , it purrs and meows very much like a real cat . Not like these electronic doll voices . I just think the appearence could be improved though . The kitten 's face is too wrinkled and it has a little spooky eyes .
 My six year old daughter enjoys this kitten very much . She holds it , cuddles it , and speaks to it . Of course , she knows it is not the real thing -- but the meow sounds very realistic . Its eyes open and close . It is small -- like a real , newborn kitten . True , when holding it , one can feel the motor inside of it , but it does not take away from the enjoyment of playing with the kitten . It is soft and my daughter snuggles with it in bed -LRB- she turns it to the `` off '' position so that if she rolled over it in the night it wo n't meow -RRB- . Purchasing this kitten has been a great decision !
 KB TOYS AND E-TOYS BOTH HAVE THIS KITTEN IN STOCK ON-LINE FOR $ -LSB- ... -RSB- . I DO N'T KNOW WHAT ! PEOPLE ARE THINKING ASKING SO MUCH FOR THEIR TOYS HERE ON AMAZON . IT IS CRAZY !!!!!! BUT ANYWAY ! ABOUT THE KITTEN ... IT IS SOOOOO CUTE AND SWEET AND IF YOUR KID LIKES CATS & / OR KITTENS THEN THIS WOULD BE A GOOD TOY FOR THEM . JUST MAKE SURE YOU BUY IT FROM A LEGITIMATE SELLER LIKE THE ONES I MENTIONED . -LRB- KB TOYS OR E-TOYS -RRB- AND NOT FROM SOME NUT SELLING ON AMAZON TRYING TO ROB YOU BLIND . -LRB- THESE GOD-LESS UNSCRUPULOUS SELLERS SHOULD BE KICKED RIGHT OFF THIS SITE ! -RRB- BUT ANYWAY !!!! I GIVE THIS KITTEN 5 STARS . IT IS SOOO ADORABLE I JUST LOVE IT !!!! AND $ -LSB- ... -RSB- IS A REASONABLE PRICE FOR IT . :--RRB- :--RRB- HAPPY HOLIDAYS EVERYONE !!!!! MEOW !!!!!
 hi im going to get this kitten on Monday . It 's name is going to be skip it 's a boy .
 this toy is so cool !!! it is very educational because it shows that young kittens need there beauty sleep as well lots of excercise !!!!!!!!!!!! it has really soft fur !!!!!!!!!!!!!!! i luv it !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
 i have the cream puppy not the newborn but the normal puppy I love it but reviews really made me wan na buy it my mom wont let me have a real dog so my daddy gave me 50bucks to spend i think i might buy a newborn but which one dundundun ! i dont know
 Animal rights whackos want you to believe that Hasbro went out and skinned live pussycats to make this toy . Do n't Believe a word of that bull . This is a great toy . It 's educational . It 's Fun . It 's durable . It 's easy on batteries . It will not provoke your allergies . It will not leave bloody claw marks on your toddler , or rip up the furniture . It 's `` Furr-Real '' ... But IT 'S NOT REAL FUR !!! I 'm sorry if I come off hard against animals rights people . But I 've been ticked off by them since a group of PETA people backed me up against a wall at McDonald 's and tried to tell me that one McDonald 's hamburger made is 100,000 acres of Rainforrest lost . Bull Caa Caa . Do the math . Several BILLION burgers X -LRB- times -RRB- 100,000 ... there ai n't that much land mass on Earth , let alone rainforrest . Do n't be mis-informed by hear-say slinging whackos . It 's a great toy . Buy it . My kid has the kittens and the momma kitty . And for 3 years , they have lasted , and been her favorites . Great toy . Buy it . Do n't let a great toy go down in flames because of a group of professional liars . Buy it . Your kid will love it , so will you .
 I was so happy to get this doll for my son ! Captain Feathersword is by far his favorite Wiggle ! We have the other Wiggles dolls and they are all great but I have to say this one is the only one that actually looks just like the real thing , right down to his crooked smile ! If you can get your hands on this hard to find item I would say go for it and keep on wiggling !!
 What a great toy ! My son just loves this guy and just today , he pretends to be Captain and chased me around the house with his feathersword ! This doll just provides so much imaginative fun and that laugh is definitely the captain 's laugh . If you can get him on amazon.com , grab him . He 's so popular and is going for high prices on ebay . Why they do n't make more of him , I have no idea . Makes no sense to me ! This is a great toy , and a great addition to the set of Wiggle dolls that we already have . However , do n't bang them together - the paint on them has a tendency to rub off on one another . We have a friend with a child that has some learning disabilities who just banged them really hard together and the paint from their hair wore off onto the other one 's face . I ca n't get it off and my son is n't too pleased about it . Other than that , these dolls are very durable .
 Captain Feathersword is cute and terrific . Like the Wiggles , Wags , Dorothy and Henry , he is also a speak 'n singing doll , has two different songs that talk about him , is a friendly pirate with lots of love for his friends.I love the Captain 's hearty laughter ... and his joyful cry-Ahoy there , me hearties ! . Best of all , he 's also my favorite Wiggle character , just like Greg.In the Wiggles ' movies and on Playhouse Disney , Paul Paddick plays him .
 This is an amazing toy for a Wiggles fan , especially a boy ! It 's one of the most realistic Wiggles toys around and is a great doll for a little boy to play with . It 's too bad The Wiggles stopped producing these dolls . They are hard to find and are costly . But for my child , it was well worth it ! He 's had it for about a month now and has played with it every day . If you can find one , I 'd nab it up ! It 's a great doll !
 Captain Feathersword was a present for my son 's 3rd birthday and he absolutely loves it ! Captain is his favorite character on the Wiggles . We are so glad we found this doll and was in perfect condition . We received him during the allocated time , so my son was able to get Captain on his birthday .
 The toy is loved dearly ... and it sure takes a beating . I do wish the Cap'n said a few more lines though as the 3 he does , well , are heard a lot ...
 My 2 year old absolutely loves the wiggles.Jeff and dorothy are her favourites.But i got her this doll to complete her set and she has not put it down since.I love it also as it has more features than the other dolls.I would recommened the captain to any parent.I.am glad i dont have to find this toy at christmas.Go captain go !!!!!!!!!!
 it is a good toy for kids the wiggles are a good bunch of guys my nephews love them there cool !
 I am so impressed with this line of furniture that is perfect for toddlers ! My grandchildren , 2-1/2 yr . old twins , are going to LOVE this for Christmas ! Great quality and perfect for little fingers !
 This furniture may not be the cutest of the most decorative of the dollhouse furniture , but my daughter and her younger siblings are not going to break it . It is extremely durable and looks like it could all be painted very easily , if you would like more color . Much more realisitc for the younger doll house players .
 These toys are used by many different children and have held up without damage or wear . They assist with creative play and do it very well.Highly recommeded .
 I purchased the doll house at a church flea market . I have five young grandchildren . Ryan 's room was tested this weekend . While our three year old enjoyed lining up the furniture at first , . you could hear him talking to himself about getting dressed and opening drawers to get out the clothes.The furniture is well constructed and I 'm sure will survive all five children .
 Since we first got a couple of these furniture sets , my daughter has fallen in love with them and always is playing . They fit perfectly in her KidKraft dollhouse and are the perfect size for her and her friends 3,4 , and 5 year old hands . I love how simple they are ... no intricate designs and no color on them . It leaves a lot more to the imagination as well as makes it to where we can decorate them later on down the line should we choose . The furniture is amazingly durable ... enough to still be played with despite the children banging them around and stepping on them , as well as the dogs occasionally getting a hold of them . These furniture sets are truly wonderful additions to any dollhouse .
 We ordered this set to go with the wooden dolls we purchases our kids for christmas . They emediatly took to the set and loved it . It did n't take much though and one of the doors on the little entertainment center broke off . I probably should have sent it back but the kids still like playing with it and there are no sharp ends so we just kept it . I was disappointed though since I just ordered it at Christmas , it lasted about 2 weeks . The rest of the set has held up fine .
 I purchased the Ryan 's Room Living Room set for my Grandchildren to play with in a doll house I have , and found that I enjoy playing with it right along with them ! This set has many pieces to it and I love the sturdy wood quality . My Granddaughter who just turned 3 played with it all afternoon ! It 's a perfect fit for little fingers and Grandma 's as well .
 Got for a doll house we keep at our house and it filled more than one room . Well made and loved by both my daughter and her daughter !
 This DOLLHOUSE was received as a gift and is very sturdy.The kids will play with this for long periods of time because there is so much to do with it.There is also has an attachment that makes it a 3 story house.The furniture is also very well made and pretty much unbreakable , and the people for it are also.I would suggest this for all children.Boys and girls both seem to like it .
 it looks nice in my nieces doll house . i thought it was really cute and it added fun to her doll house .
 Easy to work with ; seemed durable ; attractive and enjoyed by all . Woould recommend this product to others . Delivered as promised .
 I was a little surprised to hear my granddaughters mother say she already received this same gift from someone else . I thought the wish list would only let you select 1 gift if only 1 was desired .
 I found this board to be beautiful and solid , well made and felt it was the best backgammon set I 'd ever seen . I saw other boards that were for pro or competitive players that cost hundreds of dollars more and could not easily differentiate between those boards and this one except by price . This board was intended as a gift and I wanted the recipient to have it and value it for the rest of his life . Success seems assured ! Highest value I saw for a board that `` stood out '' that had a realistic price ... I was n't looking for an `` investment '' !
 This set is quite possible the cutest set from the ryan 's room collection . See the image I posted above for some notes . I like that the shelf has double sided sticky tape so it could be hung on a wall . The towels and washcloths are cute , and my daughter likes to pretend to wash them in the washer and dryer from the laundry set . She likes to put people of the potty and get them ` toilet paper ' . The nursery room set is also very cute and comes with a changing table , crib , toy train , stroller and more . These sets are so sturdy , cute and have nice details . I so prefer these solid wood sets over the cheap plastic .
 We own about 10 rooms worth of Ryans Room furniture and I ca n't say enough good things about it . My kids -LRB- 3year old boy and 9 year old girl -RRB- both enjoy it and play together for hours . The quality is very good and you ca n't beat the price for this much furniture .
 My daughter made a doll house out of the crates from Michaels . My six year old grand daughter and my daughter wall papered the rooms , made curtains and rugs , etc. . My grand daughter loves the furniture . It is so sturdy . She and her best friend play for hours . Stacking the crates makes for a house taller and wider than the kids . I will get more furniture for Christmas .
 I ordered from Yagoozon on Monday and just chose standard shipping . My package arrived on WEDNESDAY ! Fastest shipping ever ! The product was wrapped in bubble wrap for protection . I am so happy with the transaction and even more happy with the sets we bought ! Great product !
 Only draw back is that the accessories -LRB- shelves and toilet paper dispenser -RRB- do n't actually stick to the walls at all ... you have to use your own wood glue to get them to stay.The toilet is the best part and the mirror gives a surprisingly good reflection ! Very chunky and sturdy - perfect for my 2.5 yr old
 I was more than thrilled with the Ryan 's Room livingroom , bedroom and bathroom furniture that I got for my 3 1/2 year old daughter . She is hard on all of her toys-especially the ones that she really likes , and I was very happy to see how durable these were . No little spindle pieces to brake off like most other doll furniture I have tried . I am sure that they will be played with for many years to come .
 This furniture may not be the cutest of the most decorative of the dollhouse furniture , but my daughter and her younger siblings are not going to break it . It is extremely durable and looks like it could all be painted very easily , if you would like more color . Much more realisitc for the younger doll house players . It even comes with tiny little towels !
 great quality for the price !!!! my daughter has n't stopped playing with it since christmas morning !!!!!
 I got this for my daughters doll house.What is fun about this is all the stuff it comes with.It has a tub , toilet , shower -LRB- most of the sets do not have a shower -RRB- , a shelf , towels , sink and a tiny roll of toilet paper on a hanger.The shelf and the toilet paper hanger have sticky tabs on the back to stick it to the dollhouse wall with
 cute pieces . good quality . nice detail . Shower curtain makes shower adorable , but mirror coud have been done better.Decent value for the price .
 Purchased this and the people for a handmade dollhouse . The attention to detail is amazing and it all is a great addition to the house .
 My kids love to play it , I would buy more of this from the future , very sturdy , good quality
 Good item ; just what was needed . . good to do business with . This product was needed in my HO train hobby .
 I got this a while ago . The Potato Heads are great , but plan on finding something else to store the parts in . My Daughter ruined the case in 3 weeks . We now have them in a large bag .
 We needed another potato head so our girls would both have one , so we got this set to add to their Silly Suitcase . We love the fangs , pointy ears -LRB- ours are Halloween green -RRB- , and glow in the dark eyes !
 Trick or Tater showcases the marketing genius of the Playskool folks . The package is decorated with images of bats flittering in the light of a quarter moon . A turn of the package reveals more little bats , pictures of the Potato Man in his ghostly attire , , a cat , and more little ghosts and little bats . On the back we see an outstanding creation of Mr. Potato Head wearing a nose on his forehead , his vampire ears placed below the outstretched arms . It 's an inspirational variation that will motivate kids to create even zanier configurations.The glow in the dark feature of the eyes works wonderfully . I charged them up under a light and observed their brightness in a dark room . Children will love the effect.Hasbro / Playskool has a winner with the Trick or Tater Mr. Potato Head . I think that the latest presentation of Potato Head wearing fangs and bat ears is starker and more riveting that the tater toy wearing a sheet . Those who prefer the tamer , less frightening ghost potato may dress him up that way . This is a variation that should retain interest for years and be resurrected each Halloween , perhaps with a fresh approach . I was amused by the questioner who seemed underwhelmed because this toy did n't do anything . Mr. Potato Head is a throw back to another time , a time predating computer chips and expensive electronic toys . Trick or Tater Mr. Potato Head is an opportunity for children to stretch and exercise their imaginations , to engage in pretend and creativity , to examine and explore all possibilities , and to just enjoy being a child creating memories that last a lifetime .
 I own a lot of these Mr. Potato heads , Spudtrooper , Darth Tater , R2-Potatoo , they 're are a fab gift for collectors and children alike !
 My husband bought this as a present for our grandson , who liked the StarWars Mr Potato , he thought it looked exactly like the Halloween costume of ET . Funny so does everyone else . The reason for 4 stars instead of 5 , for playing purposes , the sheet limits the possibilities and our grandsons seem to leave it off - but then if he did n't have the sheet he would n't be ET ??
 I think it is a great RC car because when you press the speed button , it goes really fast . I played with it for a long time , and it has not broken . I definitely recommend it because it is not just stylish but also handles very well indoors . I have n't tried outdoors but i bet it works fine .
 Every month , my daughter plans a special sleepover with my granddaughter , sending her to my house to spend the evening and night , so her husband and her can have some Alone Time . Anyway , I always purchase a small gift from my granddaughter , Rachel , and I happened to see this in a store . I tried it out , and I found it adorable , and life like . I knew my Rachel would love it , so I chose the Dalmation . Well , as I assumed , her eyes brightened as she saw it sitting on the sofa bed . `` Thank you , Nanna ! '' the five year old squealed , hugging me . She spent the rest of the evening , -LRB- from 6:00 to 8:00 -RRB- playing with the little newborn . She even borrowed Mei Ling -LRB- my Shih Tzu 's -RRB- dog bed to put `` Spotty '' in.All in all , I 'm 100 % happy with my -LSB- $ $ $ -RSB- purchase , and so is Rachel . All of my friend 's love the little dog as if it were a real , live newborn puppy in the house . Next time she comes for a visit , she 'll have another brown puppy waiting for her ! I 'm sure she 'll be as thrilled as she is with Spotty , and I can bet you she 's playing with her Dalmation right this moment ! ...
 I have to say I was very impressed with this toy . I also had previously purchased GO-GO and two of the other furreal friend dogs . I was not so impressed.I have both a 4 and 5 year old daughters and this puppy has n't got a rest . Its very easy to play with , not like the other furreal friends . All you do is push a little button on his butt and he works . It could n't be easier for a child.I especially like when he cries and looks around . I have to say for -LSB- the price -RSB- it was a steal !! I highly recommend if you can find one to buy it right away . Your little one will love it !!
 I just got two of these for my two year old daughter . She loves them . It gives her a chance to have a pet considering we do n't want one . They are cute and definitely durable . I work in a preschool where I am know they are played with rather roughly and they are still both working fine . We got her a doggy bed where sits and pets them until they fall asleep . When we go into her room she says shhh ! Goggys sleeping . She also has the fur real friends puppy and kitty and they are both great as well however not played with as much . I love the fur real products and would rate any of them with high quality and durability .
 i have three new born puppys and one newborn kitten . i love them all and i woud say that the age limit is 3-100 . i have to say that it is kinda expensive . -LRB- ... -RRB- it is worth it because it dosenot have many responsibilities . i hope you found this helpful .
 I have a fur real cat and a fur real kitten and love them so much ! They really look real . I do n't have a real cat so I love being able to experience a cat any way I can , and without the responsibilitis . What else could you ask for ? My Fur Real cats are so adorable that now I want to purchase a fur real newborn puppy . I ca n't believe they only cost $ 12.99 . I will go up to my piggy bank and count my money . I hope my mom takes me to the toy store very soon . I hope they carry `` Fur Real Newborn Pups '' . I ca n't wait ! Thankyou .
 cutie i have one of these and are the most fun thing here at Tiger Electronics i first got it and i was playing with it for 2 hours ! i love it !
 i have 4 furreal newborns in totle and i love them all.i got 1 at a time for only $ 12.99 and it was worth evere peny . i wish that they were a little bit biger for ther price but i love them like krazy and i hope you get one . My cat is scaird of the new born kitten and it is funy to wach , but anyway i am hopeing that this was helpful to you .
 I bought this for use with the Home Again Dollhouse . I was told by Small World toys that it would be compatible . Yes ... and no . It 's the same wood ; nice quality for pre-fab ; easy to assemble . It is the same height as the `` Make More Room '' basement of the Home Again dollhouse . But it is not the same depth . The dimensions are
 We bought this along with the Spashing Good Time hot-tub set to go with my daughter 's Ryan 's Room dollhouse . She loves having a garage . But she is even happier to have an `` outdoor room '' for the hot tub set and some of the other furniture that she had in the dollhouse.The garage is high quality and quite large . She fills it with trains , cars , buses , etc. . It is a very nice addition to the dollhouse .
 The little driveway piece never stays on , but a little glue helped that . I like the patio above the driveway for the playground set . Keeps the pieces corraled .
 I bought this to go with the playhouse . It 's nice and big to allow for most cars to go into it .
 Our daughter would give him straight 5 's , but I do question the educational value of a Wiggle .
 It have beautiful colors . My baby 's room is perfect and beautiful . We have it on time to decorate the room .
 if you have the malawi bedding this a MUST HAVE !!
 If you have the Malawi theme , I would really recommend this frame . It 's nicely made and a great accent to a Malawi nursery .
 I received this game as a present from my wife . However , after a few games , one of the buttons stopped responding , making the game difficult to play . It will be returned to Amazon for an exchange.One note with the game , the make-it-you-take-it style for 24 seconds is odd , but the addition of the 3-point shot is awesome ! The game is as good as I remember especially on PRO2 . When quiet time is necessary , the sound ON/OFF is terrific . I gave it four stars because the durability seems weak -LRB- fifteen minutes of Christmas morning action results in bad button -RRB- and the instructions are written poorly.Just a followup , Amazon shipped me a new game even before I had a chance to send the defective one back . Kudos to the Amazon customer service staff for a job well done ! I 'd give the game five stars , but can not seem to figure out how to change the rating .
 I agree
 This was just as much fun to play today as it was 20 years ago . My son loves it as much as I did . Very additing to play . Great to take on vacations .
 Great fun ! This toy originally came out when I was in junior high school , and it really brings me back ! Back to the days before Xbox and Wii ! Back to the days when I wore braces ! and I had bad acne ! and girls would not look at me ! and NYC was going bankrupt ! and inflation was out of control ! and every product you could buy was seemingly made out of cheap plastic ! and the job market was stagnant ! and Iran held our embassy workers hostage ! and everyone in the country just seemed to have given up ! Man , this product is a bummer ...
 My son received this at 2 . Uses it more at age 3 . He loves to play with the letters at the top and it has helped with recognizing the letters . He does n't sit at it much . He prefers a desk with a real chair not a little stool . The letter tracing is good . Would recommend for 3 and older .
 I ordered the Scientific Learn N Draw desk for my niece . She was 3 years old and she really into drawing so I thought I would buy her a desk to sit at . She 's very small but the desk was just perfect for her to sit at . The desk was easy to unpack and put together . Only took a couple of minutes to snack the whole desk together . I know some kids are messy and might pour juice on the desk which is fine since it 's made of plastic and can easily be cleaned off .
 I bought several Ryan 's Room sets for a relative -LRB- 3 year old boy -RRB- . He loves them , and his mom thought they were fun too .
 Our wooden castle came with no furniture . It 's so hard to find castle furniture . These fit perfectly with the castle dolls . Feels very well made and durable .
 This set is great ! I bought it for my daughter 's kindergarten class and they love it . It has been in the classroom for about 2 months now and it has held up to constant play without any problems . Plus it was a great price . It is not `` pretty '' if you 're building a model dollhouse but if you want something kids can play with constantly without breaking , this is the set for you .
 Product was as expected from online details . Great for `` start-up '' dollhouses for younger children .
 great quality for the price !!!! my daughter has n't stopped playing with it since christmas morning !!!!!
 this furniture is just great . I ordered it for my grandaughter to go into a dollhouse my Dad built for my daughter . It is a little big , but still lots of fun .
 Im looking forward to ordering more of Ryan 's rooms toy I like that the toy is very durable I look for that in a toy when it comes to buying toys for my 5 year old son
 All the room pieces are amazing.We had a great time opening all the diiferent rooms and being simply amazedwith the details .
 It is adorable and looks so great in the house . This was purchased for my 5 year old grandson and he sits and plays with this house and all the furniture for hours .
 I bought this and three other room sets for my daughter for Christmas and am really pleased with it . It is very cute and simple and feels very well constructed . Hopefully it will last for years and years . It fits the Plan Toys dolls .
 This doll house furniture is great !!! It is not delicate - very well made pieces that my 3 year old loves to use in her dollhouse . It has been a year since she got them and they are still going strong !
 My daughter plays with her Ryan 's room doll house more now at 8 -LRB- almost 9 -RRB- then she did when she was 5 . This year for xmas she asked for more accessories to it . This pet set is really cute !! I real winner !
 This furniture may not be the cutest of the most decorative of the dollhouse furniture , but my daughter and her younger siblings are not going to break it . It is extremely durable and looks like it could all be painted very easily , if you would like more color . Much more realisitc for the younger doll house players . My daughter loves these . She gave them cute little names I hope she does not start asking for her own pets .
 I bought this set for my grandaughters ' Plan Toys dollhouse . Ryan 's Room products are always fantastic , and this set is a big improvement over the Plan Toy pet set . The animals are a good size for little hands . Each doll has its own house and food bowl . The rabbit house is kind of clumsy , being thicker wood than seems necessary . Smoothly finished wood , bright color accents . The kitty bed is the cutest ! Without the pillow , the kitty fits beautifully and can be carried around without falling out . The feeding bowls and bone are superfluous for very young children as they are so tiny . I really like that Ryans Room included three very common house pets .
 The pet set is simply adorable . I appreciated the company 's knowledge of designing the pets so it is proportional to the dolls . My daughter enjoys playing with the pets , especially the rabbit since we do not own one . Keep in mind that this set comes with a tiny dog bone so if you have an infant who likes to play alongside your son/daughter , you may want to put away the bone as it can be a choking hazard !
 We purchased The Pet Set for our granddaughter 's 5th birthday to go along with her playhouse . She loves it .
 Perfect for my daughter 's new dollhouse . Sturdy and good value . My daughter loved it . The pieces are small - not for kids who still like chew on toys !
 Granddaughter got doll house for Christmas and was not expecting this animal collection . She loved it . Big hit . She has played with this more than the people .
 I ordered this for my 7 yr old at Christmas to go with a new boy 's dollhouse we made for him . He loves it and it 's so adorable and well made !
 Adorable . This again was purchased with the house for my 5 year old grandson . He adores playing with all of the rooms and funiture ;
 Very clever . . well made . Wood is good quality . Pets and homes are cute . Pieces are nicely finished and colors are good .
 Grandson thought it was the greatest being RYAN 's Pet &#34; s. the set is cute with the doll house his sister received from Santa .
 My 16 month old daughter received this baby as a christmas present and will not put it down . She has actually killed 2 sets of batteries on this toy already she loves playing with it so much . The plastic face is soft enough that it does not harm her , yet durable enough that we can just wash it off . The lightworm 's soft glow and the music are such a gentle sound that it does n't bother me that my daughter sets it off continuously .
 I have the Little Mommy doll and a lot of accessories and my two-year old daughter loves them . It has been durable and sturdy , but most of all fun . I ca n't believe more accessories or related products are not available.I am confused by some of the poor reviews . Some seem wrong - our doll 's high chair does not have a cardboard tray -LRB- it is hard plastic like the rest of the chair -RRB- . Others seem picky ... complaining about a high forehead ? This doll is not meant to be realistic , change the world , or project a certain kind of attitude -LRB- like Bratz -RRB- . It 's a doll meant for really small children . That 's it . And by that criterion , this doll is a total success.If you want a 100 % realistic doll or one that is more about attitude than fun , then do n't buy this doll . It is not for you . But do n't criticize it when it does n't meet your expectations . Complaining about this product is like complaining about a refrigerator for not heating your food or complaining about a record player that does n't play CDs .
 This doll was my 10 month olds first doll . It was bought instead of the glow worm , and I am glad for that decision . My daughters face lights up at the sound of a real baby before the music begins . With in an hour of having the doll she taught herself how to press the button for the music . This doll is simply great ! The only problem I have is that she does n't want to share it and cries when you try !
 My 1yr old loves this baby . Whenever it 's time for bed I tell her that her baby needs to go night-nite , and she gets her baby and goes up the stairs to go to bed . When she wakes up she gets her baby out of bed too . I love this toy for that .
 My niece who just turned 2 adores this baby doll . She carries her everywhere she goes and always takes it to Nana 's to spend the night while my sister works at the hospital . She tells Nana `` Nana , play ! '' , wanting her to push the song button on the doll . She tried like crazy to change the baby 's diaper the other night , but could not get to it . That would be the only thing to make it any better is if the bottems would come off so the child could `` change '' a diaper .
 I THINK THIS DOLL IS VERY CUTE . I GIVE HER 5 STARS . : - -RRB-
 My 14 mo old daughter loves this baby doll and has loved it since the moment I gave it to her . I do n't really think the baby cooing does anything for her , she is most taken with the hugability and the eyes opening and closing . One eye gets stuck open sometimes , but it probably doesnt help that Jacqueline sticks her fingers in the dolls eyes ! She uses everything as a teether and this doll is surving that !
 This toy was rather pricey , and I was disappointed that it came with no accessories , but that aside your 1-3 year old daughter will LOVE this doll ! My daughter got this doll for Christmas when she was 18m . She actually saw it in the store and yelled `` Baby !! '' and that has been the dolls name ever since . She quickly learned how to press the button in the lamb although I thought it would have been too difficult for her , and the tunes are not annoying , but I do agree that the melodies could play for longer . She loves the light-up and glow-in-the-dark features as well . ` Baby ' is now toy # 1 . My daughter sleeps with it , plays with it , she even feeds it her snacks ! Sometimes when I 'm dressing her she wants to put Baby 's legs in her jeans instead of her own . She drags it everywhere , day-care etc , so yes , it got really dirty really quick , but I took the batteries out , tied the doll in a pillow case and tossed it in the machine , replaced the batteries when it was completely air-dried -LRB- not dryer -RRB- and it worked as well as ever.Sadly , due to heavy play a few stitches `` popped '' at the doll 's neck , but they are in so firmly that they have n't unraveled any further , even with my daughter 's efforts ! . I would not recommend this doll for a child over 5 years , but it is excellent for younger girls .
 Bought this for my Grandaughter for Christmas . It is a very lovely doll and she loved it . Would recommend it for any little girl who loves to play with dolls . It is really cute .
 They are so great we need more ! We have a nice size family and even after purchasing this set , my son still needs more in order to name everyone :-RRB- He plays with them each day and they seem very durable -LRB- we had them over a month now -RRB- No problems yet and he is not gently with them at times either . Great addition whether to expand pretend play with family members , friends , teachers , doctors or whatever names you want to give these people !
 Very Cute Dolls . Kind of small but rather durable . They can sit or stand . The arms and legs bend . My daughter has been playing with them nearly all the time .
 I liked having more people for my house to play with . I thought it was strange that the people all had blue eyes . My mom took some paint and made the little boy and mom 's eyes brown , just like ours . I liked that I could have them look like my family , afterall . I wish the clothes were more modern . My gramma 's do n't look or dress that old , or have gray hair ! The grampa was perfect , except he needs glasses .
 These dolls look so cute . These dolls come with mom , dad , boy , girl , and grandma and grandpa . Get them before there gone .
 We have a wooden dollhouse with a lot of Ryan 's Room furniture . This was a great addition . As a child , I loved working , movable toys . They were just more fun.This set does not disappoint . There are plenty of pieces , fairly durable in construction . Kids can vacuum , do laundry , ironing , mopping and sewing.The parts have held up and go nicely with the rest of our dollhouse.The cardboard cutouts of `` laundry '' do n't really cut it but there rest of the product is well worth it .
 My 2 yr old son loves this toy ! He loves to clean and the vacuum is his favorite one to play with !
 The furniture sets for the ryan 's room dollhouses are so cute and durable . I love that they are made out of wood and are not going to break easily like some of the other plastic sets . My daughter likes to ` iron ' the towels from the kitchen set , and put them in the washer and dryer .
 This is the neatest little set with much attention to detail ! I would recommend it highly ! We bought it to go in the Melissa & Doug Fold N Go Dollhouse and it fits in nicely with the furniture that came with the M&D set . Very durable , and I will buy more RR sets in the future .
 I love the playground ! I put real sand in the sand box and the kids love it ! It 's not often that you find playground equipment for a dollhouse .
 This is one of the more fun pieces in the Ryan 's Room set . However , the slide and its ladder are not connected and never stay on . Just use a little wood glue & the Ryan 's Room people will really enjoy this set
 This little set is so nicely made and perfect for the Melissa & Doug Fold N Go dollhouse . All the pieces are nicely made ; the slide did have a tiny line split down the middle , but it 's probably just a variation in the wood . I will buy more sets from this maker in the future !
 Bought this to go with a wooden doll house I got my grandaughter or Christmas . She was thrilled with the playground set as she loves to play on her playground . They seem to be well made and the three year old can handle them .
 AWesome toy , very cute , but I think I like it more than my child ! She doesnt seem as enamoured - maybe she 'll grow into it ?
 A fun addition to our granddaughter 's house . Our granddaughter loved the see-saw and the slide . Arrived promptly and in excellent shape . Looking forward to obtaining other furnishings . Good quality , good price .
 This was a part of my daughter 's Christmas present . We purchased her a wooden doll house and what doll house is complete without a teeny-tiny playground ?! It has been one of the most played with components of our gift , though -- truth be told -- it can be a little fiddly . The steps and slide tend to fall off of the swing set . Not a big deal , my 2 year old can even put it back together if needed . My 4 year old was impressed by the `` sand '' -LRB- paper -RRB- at the bottom of the sandbox . Lots of fun .
 This was well made , heavy and pretty realistic . Very reasonably priced . Gave this as a Christmas present while waiting for a live leopard tortoise to be shipped , and when the recipient opened the box he first thought it was the live tortoise . He added it to a carved turtle collection . Would buy this brand again .
 My 2 year old loves this dollhouse . We bought all of the accessory kits and she will play with the whole set for hours on end . We like the plainness of the toys as it seems to encourage her imagination . We figure when she gets older she can decorate with wallpaper and carpet scraps if she chooses to do so . She does n't even seem to notice the plainness or lack of color . The only downside is a lack of wall space to put the furniture against . While the openness allows a lot of access , it also allows furniture to be pushed out of rooms . We are buying her the HOME AGAIN , HOME AGAIN house from the same company , but it has more wall space and add-on floors for growth .
 We bought this dollhouse at a local toy store for my daugher 's 4th birthday . I really like the frame style and the way the children can reach in from all angles . It is much more durable than allowing her to play with my `` look pretty '' dollhouses . I did not buy any of the furniture sets designed for it . I bought the two complete sets of IKEA dollhouse furniture and they fit perfectly and filled the rooms . That cost me about $ 28 total . Instead of people , my daughter uses the Calico Critters animals that used to be called Sylvanian Family . She loves it .
 My children have played with little else since yesterday when they opened up this beautiful dollhouse . It is even more impressive than the picture . The dollhouse is so spacious and sturdy . The furniture that goes with it is also wonderfully crafted . I even found myself on the floor playing with them . I am confident that my future grandchildren will love playing with this as well .
 My 4 year old daughter wanted a doll house for Christmas . She is n't into dolls as much as stuffed animals , little plastic animals , and cars . I wanted something that would n't restrict her . This house is great because there 's access from all sides . It 's big enough to accommodate all her toys . Just the other day , my 6 1/2 year old son landed a starfighter ship on the the top and there were clone fighters on another level . I have not bought any furniture yet . My daughter has her horses and dinosaurs all over it . This is a great house that is generic enough to allow for imagination to play in it .
 This is an excellent , well built toy . It was easy to put together and directions were easy to follow . Glad that I got it and would recommend to others .
 This is a very big , simple and wonderful all wood doll house , with none of the fuss of some of the `` Victorian '' models , and it has withstood much play . I bought it for a 5 year old , but my 10 year old and her friend seem to play with it the most , so it seems to have a wide age appeal . I can see why one reviewer referred to is as a `` doll house kit '' , as it is very plain . I personally think , that the basic design and openness is really one of it 's most attractive features.Be aware , although you can buy the doll house , many of the `` Ryan 's rooms home is where the heart is '' house accessories/add-on have been discontinued , such as the Ryan 's Room Park and Play Garage Set , Ryan 's Room let 's decorate , as well as the RR balcony . So if you are just happy with the doll house as is , and do n't want the add - ons you wo n't be disappointed .
 This is the doll house and what we wanted . Simple , few walls , easy for a 3-year old to play and move furniture around . 2 sets of furniture filled 3 of the rooms . Easy to put together and sturdy
 This is a good quality dollhouse . Our granddaughter loved it and it is so durable . Lots of imaginable play ahead . Thank you , Tom 's Toys for such great service and packaging !
 My 28 month old received this dollhouse for christmas , and it 's a big hit ! It 's nice and open , which allows for multiple people to play at the same time . It 's light weight , and the handle on the roof makes it easy to move .
 Ryan 's Room doll houses are the best , but this shipper showed one photo of the product and sent another . The doll house that was shipped to my granddaughter for Christmas did not have the basement level included , despite the photo and the description . Her parents quickly found the basement so that my granddaughter had it for Christmas , but we never learned about this until months later . I would never order from this seller again .
 Our library has a play house in the children 's section that my son adores ! We decided to get him his own playhouse for Christmas and chose this one for it 's simplicity and the easy access to all the floors and walls . It is fabulous and I highly recommend it . The simple bare wood and minimal design really allows the child to use their imagination . I 'm so sick of toys being so FIXED and complete . Let the child do the work ! This playhouse is wonderful for imaginative play . My son is actually busy playing with his at my feet as I type this . A wonderful alternative to TV : -RRB-
 The panels were badly warped making it difficult to assemble . After it was together it seemed fine with a cute design . Our grandaughters loved it !
 After spending a lot of time trying to find a doll house that was n't pink I purchased this house for my 2 boys for Christmas . The house is sturdy and I like that fact that is is plain and my kids can decorate or paint it themselves any way they like in the future , if they choose . The best part about this toy is its open concept design . This allows for 2 kids to play with it at the same time quite easily . One can be on either side of the house and do their own thing without getting in each others way . My sons use it with the super hero action figures and a collection of IKEA doll furniture that I purchased on ebay . So far it has been a popular toy and held up well against everything else that was under the tree this year .
 My grandchildren love playing with this . I like its durability and the option to add on to it later .
 My daughter liked this design because her two girls could access it from all sides . It is easy for them to play together and not crownd each other out .
 Just started using it , but it appears to be a well-made sturdy little house . My 3 yr old daughter loves it .
 Would have been helpful to know that this piece was unfinished . We bought two of them for a child care center and were not prepared to have it stained and sealed .
 This is a great toy for any little boy . My nephews love it . They play with it all the time .
 This is so awesome !!!! With 70s bike so expensive and usually a bit beat up . -LRB- Mine were always used outside and were scraped up a ton :-RRB- This is the next best thing . Spoke to the owner , the guy responsible for bringing this back , and he did tell me it has been geared down a bit . A bit slower for safely concerns . -LRB- I do n't know we did okay with these in the 70s -RRB- . Anyway it works great and the Deluxe cycle seems the way to go.Only thing -- the ramps should have been reissued . These new ones are too narrow , and though adjustable , force you to make your own . A lot of fun to do however . Each run of the cycle is a little unpredictable but you get to know your own bike and compensate a bit . Just as with my original ones.I had practically this whole lineup in the 70s and I 'm having a blast !! : -RRB-
 My kid loves this toy ! Really reminds me of the years I had a toy near identical to this one . Yes , pricey but I am sorry it comes with some really cool stuff , and a certificate and cool autographed poster . Toys like this just do n't exist anymore , this was refreshing throwback of sorts !
 It seems like when I was a kid , I was able to control my Evel Knievel motorcycle better , as well as to make it jump farther than this set . My 6 year old still thinks it 's cool , but I wo n't tell him that my original set was better.The quality is comparable to most other Chinese-made toys sold these days . Nothing seems like it 's made as good at it used to be , but this set is not inferior to new Hot Wheels playsets.There are some cool accessories here that make it a good time consuming activity for kids that does n't involve TV . For the money , it 's not a bad value . Just hoped it would be as fun as my set was when I was 6 .
 Great seller , product was exactly as described and arrived earlier then expected . I and the gift receiver both surprised by the excellent condition for such an old toy . Even came with the original tissue paper !
 I had the opportunity to compare this full deluxe set with the Deluxe Stunt Cycle only set . This is the better made of the two.Don ' t buy the red , blue and chrome cycle , it is not made anywhere near as well as the black , white and chrome version that came with the Deluxe Stunt Set.The Red , Blue & Chrome cycle is absolutely beautiful , but in my estimation it is otherwise junk . It is fit only for display . The gyro inside the cycle is defective in manufacturing somehow . It wont crank as fast as the other cycle , it is way louder with a grinding , screech that hurts my teeth and destroys my ears , and was very rough running . I took 12 of them -LRB- red , blue chrome cycle -RRB- out of the box and every last one was junk . All had the same problem.The Black , White & Chrome cycle , however , was very smooth running , cranked easily to very high speeds and jumped wonderfully . The only problem I have with this set is that energizer -LRB- winder -RRB- has stripped a gear or some teeth or something because it went from working great to slipping and wont crank the bike that fast anymore . I only had this about 2 weeks when it happend.If you are going to get a set , definately get the Deluxe set with he ramps and hoop of fire , brick wall etc. . It has the better bike . I think the good bike is now available without the other stuff in the set as well . The chrome bike is junk ... steer clear of that set .
 As you can see from past postings , there is a lot of disappointment with this set . This is down to poor quality control , with a lot of bikes not put together correctly . Trust me , get a good one and it 's a lot of fun , a bad one , and it 's worse than useless . Come on poof-slinky/ideal , this iconic toy deserves better !
 Great product , just like the older set but better . I liked being able to show my son one of the toys i played with as a child without the vintage price tag . Long live King Knievel .
 This is a slammin old school toy !! I had one when I was young and my boys love it now . The quality of the toy is great and it is very fast . I strongly recommend it .
 I had one of these as a young boy and loved it . I saw this reissue and just had to buy one for my boy . We are having the absolute time of our lives , making jumps and doing stunts . This toy is great , super and fantastic , all rolled into a fiery loop of pure , spectacular joy . If you are a young boy or a middle aged man and do n't have one , then you are missing out . Get one !!!
 My kid loves this thing . There will never be another Evel , beer drinking , Harley jumping , bat swinging stuntman . The great one .
 Wonderful complement -LRB- all of these sets -RRB- to the natural wood dollhouses . Detailed , includes small pieces that will be misplaced but despite the rough , imaginative play of two toddler boys , we have n't broken anything yet.Great value for the money , just not very visually stimulating . Warning , though ... you wo n't be able to stop at just one set !
 I am a play therapist and I use the furniture in my playroom . It is great quality and perfect for girls AND boys . I love the versitility and sturdyness .
 The cupboards , fridge and oven open and you can cut out cookie sheets and a little rug from the toy 's box as added accessories . Our 2-year-old daughter loves playing with Ryan 's Room toys .
 I have been looking for new furniture because a friend made us a doll house . I have been shocked at the high prices of doll house furniture which is really too fancy for a small child . This is durable and fits well in the rooms . It is not super tiny and not too big . I love the garbage can and the little dish towels that come with it , and for the price I am not concerned if something gets broke or lost .
 My kids love this toy . I recommend this product to everyone and I would buy more of this in the furure
 Great product for a great price which is hard to find these days . Promotes imagination and lots of fun for kids !
 My 2 year old was given a dollhouse and this set for Christmas . She does love the kitchen set and it is built very well . Good value .
 My 2.5 yr old grandchildren -LRB- twins -RRB- LOVE these toys for their dollhouse ! They spend hours using their imaginations and escaping into their own world ! The furniture is perfect for their little hands and durable . No worries about safety with these products .
 We have the Ryans Room Home Again , Home Again house and this furniture is beautiful in it . There is just enough color to make it interesting .
 We own about 10 rooms worth of Ryan 's Room furniture and I ca n't say enough good things about it . My kids -LRB- 3year old boy and 9 year old girl -RRB- both enjoy it and play together for hours . The quality is very good and you ca n't beat the price for this much furniture . One minor comment is that the oven door does n't always stay closed but my kids do n't seem to mind at all .
 This furniture was bought for an old dollhouse my Grandfather and Mom made for me when I was just 5 or so -LRB- and now , I hate to admit my age , but I 'm 41 -RRB- The craftsmanship of this furniture is really incredible , and the price is unbeliveable for the quality of toy you 're getting . I 'm telling all my friends who have children about your product and that they should buy it as well ! I have two little boys , ages 5 1/2 yrs old and 23 months , and they love it just the same ! They do n't always play with the little people I purchased to go with it , but Batman and Spiderman love it just the same :-RRB- . If you 're a parent or just someone looking to purchase a toy for a child for Christmas , a Birthday or whatever the occasion , it 's really hard to find something that is affordable , something that does n't have a million pieces to put together and wo n't break in the first hour that your child plays with it . Thank you for making such a great and affordable product at a time of such economic difficulty and strain . Sincerely , Christine Garlick -LRB- mother of 2 -RRB-
 Despite the other reviews , this really is a great decorating kit for dollhouse lovers young and old . As for being misleading , the description tells you it 's just a kit and the picture on this screen shows you what can be done with the kit.If you 're clueless about dollhouses , you should know that you are n't going to find a dollhouse for less than 40 dollars and if it comes decorated for a price that is less than 60 dollars , it will be plastic and small in size . Or just one room instead of an entire house.Anyway , this decoration kit and the Ryan 's Room Fold n Go dollhouse -LRB- about 50 dollars for the dollhouse , made out of wood -RRB- would make a nice first dollhouse for a child age 7 and up . Younger children would do better with one of the plastic character dollhouses such as Dora the Explorer , Strawberry Shortcake and Little People . Playmobile and Lego are good plastic dollhouse choices for an older child -LRB- First grade and up -RRB- . Bratz and Groovy Girls are good as well , if you just want a single room.Only buy Ryan 's Room items if you prefer wood dollhouses , wood furniture -LRB- must be bought seperately for the majority of their dollhouses -RRB- and wood dolls . Expect to spend about a hundred dollars for a fully outfitted Ryan 's Room dollhouse .
 Is n't it a shame when people who do n't read the product description can come back up here and give a good product a bad rating because they made a mistake . The product description clearly and repeatedly states that this is a decorating set . It 's a great kit for those with younger kids who want to decorate their doll house but do n't have the skill or attention span to do it `` from scratch '' .
 This is a great set to DECORATE the inside of the dollhouse , it even includes curtains with curtain rods ! How cute is that ! We had a great time updating the old dollhouse with it . This is not a dollhouse , just a perfect way to decorate the new or old one , as long as you read the description you will not be disappointed .
 My toddler loved the Wiggles dolls from the moment he saw them . He happens to be a big fan of the Wiggles . I am pleased with the size and construction of the dolls . The music that is played when you squeeze each doll is brief and not easy to make out - so it wo n't be much of a loss when the dolls have to go through the wash . The music is really unnecessary anyway . My son loves to carry them around and act out scenes from their videos . They 're just the right size for his little hands . I 'm thrilled with them . In fact , I will be re-ordering Murray as he went missing at the park -LRB- poor Murray -RRB- .
 My 22 month old saw these at a local store and fell in love , crying etc. . Well , I came online to see if I could find them cheaper and did . He absolutely loves them . I know the batteries ca n't be changed once they run out , but he wo n't care . He LOVES anything to do with the Wiggles and the best thing about these is that he can sleep with them . I ca n't tell you how these guys have saved me ... all the entertainment you need in the car . I highly recommend them if your child is a huge fan .
 great quality for the price !!!! my daughter has n't stopped playing with it since christmas morning !!!!!
 I ca n't remember the brand name of the dollhouse we ordered a few Christmases ago -LRB- though I did review it because we LOVE it -RRB- - in any case , it came with a nice set of furniture but since then we 've added a few sets of families and they were all sleeping on the floor or in the bathtub ;-RRB- . I ordered this set because it 's along the same lines as the furniture that came with our dollhouse - wooden , a bit of color , no labels , no stickers , not a lot of paint , etc. and it does not disappoint . Fits perfectly with what we have already . I really like Ryan 's Room products .
 just love the Ryan dollhouse items . Well made and durable . Not to mention they look great and priced just right .
 I am VERY happy wih the quality and durability of this playset . I am glad I choose Ryan 's room product .
 My 2.5 yr old twin grandchildren love this line of furniture . It 's perfect for their chubby little fingers and they play with all of it for hours . One of them actually told me , `` This is my favorite toy . '' What else can I say ?
 Bought this furniture for my kid 's wooden castle . Excellent quality . Like the nongender , neutral colors .
 My 4 yr old has this set as well as others and the house . It is kept at her Grandparents house and she runs to it every time we arrive . The construction is such that I 'm going to save it for when I 'm Grandma and her kids can play w / it . I got a deal on mine on ebay . It is second hand but you ca n't tell . Even the bedding is high quality ! The pieces have many uses as sometimes she uses the cabinet as a bookcase or a dining room cabinet and sometimes she uses the end tables as little stools ... great open ended play !
 This furniture is a nice size and very sturdy . The only downside is that the pieces look a little boring . We bought some paints at a local crafts store and painted ours . It worked great , and my daughter is much happier with them now .
 I like the wood parts of the toy . The toilet roll part has only a sticker on its back and it does not stick too well . Other than that the toy is great quality .
 Sturdy , good quality , and cute furniture ! Fits perfect in our 1:12 scale Melissa and Doug dollhouse and with the M & D wooden dolls . Our 4 year old loves it . The lamps seemed like a bit of a chocking hazard for our 2 year old so we tightly glued them to the tables . Now they do n't fall off or get lost either ! We will be adding more Ryan 's room furniture to her dollhouse .
 Adorable bedroom set - the bed spread is cute , as are the little pillows . I am very happy with the quality of this whole line of dollhouse products . Very well done .
 I was so pleased with the Ryan 's Room Bedroom Suite ! It is well made and a wonderful addition to the doll house . Well worth the money ! I highly recommend it !!!!
 I bought this to use in an animated short . I did n't want to blow a ton of money , but I needed it to look decent because small imperfections really show up on camera . This fit the bill and worked perfectly !
 This set comes with everything you need except the pool vacuum hose and an extension pole . You usually have to buy these items separately for all pool vacs , etc. . Instructions for maintaining your pool abound on the internet as well as instructions to operate each piece if you are not sure how to . The whole thing is actually very simple once you put the items together and use them so I can understand the cost cutting measure of not including printed materials . I am a brand new pool owner myself and had no problems finding out how to operate everything . Seriously , if you can find amazon , order , and leave a review then surely you can take a moment to google how to maintain your pool or how to use the vacuum . That moment you take certainly saves a whole lot of trees being cut down and stuffed into swimline boxes . Also a lot of people take their initial water samples to a pool store for free analysis and most are very willing to help you out with what you do n't know . All in all I am very pleased with the products included and the price.-written by Toni Bischoff -
 If you need a pool maintenance kit I recommend this one . Satisfied with the product & it seems to be durable .
 I bought two for a long roadtrip with two small children . It was fun for the entire family . I definately recommend it .
 My daughter received this Lamb Chop from her Great Uncle when she was born and she was n't real interested in her until around 12 months . She 's two now and `` Chop '' goes everywhere with us . She is my daughter 's security blanket and partner in mischief . We get compliments everywhere we go . She has been machine washed many times -LRB- air dry -RRB- and has held up well considering the heavy use . I 'm so glad that Amazon offers this , in case , heaven forbid , we ever need a replacement =-RRB- Very cute and well made !
 I bought this product to my daughter , and she love it , the quality of the product is great . I think this store is great .
 My daughter had a Lamb Chops stuffed animal when she was a little girl . Now that she is going to be a Mother , I thought her new little one should have a Lamb Chops as well .
 I am a pre-school teacher and the children justlove it . Whenever I bring her out , she is a real person to them . They talk to her with real conversations . I bought her because of memories from my past of watching the Sheri Lewis show and I fell in love with her !
 I have purchased this hand puppet as a baby gift for nearly 20 years . It is soft and cuddly and the baby -LRB- and parents -RRB- love it . It washes up beautifully and stays soft .
 This puppet was the closest I could find to the actual Lampchop on the television show . I have a large hand , and the mouth was kind of tight ... but otherwise everything was perfect .
 I remember watching Shari Lewis and Lamb Chop as a kid . I hoped this Lamb Chop would look close enough to the original -LRB- it does -RRB- ; so I am quite pleased with my purchase .
 I got my purchase on time and in wonderful condition . I would definately use this seller agian .
 I loved this when I was a kid and I am so glad to see it for sale again for my friend 's kids .
 This was just as expected . It arrived on time . Very cute . I gave it to my &#34; Lambchop &#34; as a Christmas gift .
 I was looking for a replacement for a well loved 7 year old Lambchop that was beginning to fall apart . Was hoping that this item would be similar to the original and I was more than pleasantly surprised to find that it was . It is super soft and cuddly and is the perfect Christmas present for my &#34; daughter from another mother &#34; ! Super satisfied with this purchase !!!
 Bought this for a friend who had lost their beloved Lamb Chop toy as a child and they absolutely loved it ! Looked great out of the box and I 'm extremely glad to see someone like Aurora taking the time to make this timeless toy .
 I am so happy I bought this double mattress . So much more comfortable to float around and tan in my pool . I can flip over with ease , lay on my side , and share with my husband . Much more stable than a regular sized mattress ! Thanks for making this !
 My son has just started collecting and trading these cards . So this is completely wonderful to help build the deck stronger . Especially getting ready for Christmas . This is a great starters triple pack . This is a great way to get him off and trading . Wonderful !
 Works really well for cleaning bearings with a spray nozzle cleaner in a much more efficient manner . Metal sheielded bearings are the easiest , and if you use rubber sealed bearings just pop off the seals with an exacto . Great product .
 I bought this gift for a friends daughter , I was leaving town , but the game said it would ship way earlier than I was leaving , in the end it showed up the day I left which was 5 days later than expected , but at least I was able to give it to her before Christmas . I have n't seen the game opened , but I think it is what it is meant to be .
 My daughter who just turned thirteen played this for her Birthday Party . They had a very good time . This is the second Mystery Game she has played for a Birthday . They never did solve the mystery , but enjoyed themselves while trying . IF you never have played a mystery like this before ... it always starts out slow until they get into the rhythm of play .
 My mom bought this game , and I used it for my sixteenth birthday . It was so much fun . All my friends had a great time . It 's actually fairly difficult . Almost no one figured it out except for like two of us . There are only ten roles , but you can add characters of your own if you want more people and they can just observe while every one else talks . They also get to look at the clues . I recommend the hostess or someone really close to the host to play the part of the principal . The game recommends that the theme of the party be under the sea , but honestly , I found the Cars decorations and completely lost it . So the theme of our party was Cars . So you essentially can have whatever theme you want . As Captain Barbossa says , `` They 're more like gudielines than actual rules . '' So yeah , it 's hecka fun . Totally recommend it to any teen . Ca n't say too much else or I 'll ruin the game .
 I got this game for a pre-graduation party for eight 18 year old teens . Having done several Host a Murder Paries over the years I knew I wanted a game that had parts for 8 people . -LRB- I disliked the games for 6-8 . -RRB- They could relate to the characters they played , had a grand time making accusations and just playing the roles , and wanted more when the game was over .
 the coral pnk fish puppet is one of my best buys ever it is just adorable and as a kindergarten teacher i use it in my class with very young children who simply can not get enough of it . it is the perfect size and really comfortable to use for adult and child .
 Our kids adore this soft , high quality puppet . It is a decent size too , larger than your average puppet and easy to operate .
 FELL IN LOVE WITH THIS PUPPET AT FIRST SIGHT . MY GRANDKIDS LOVE IT AS WELL . BEAUTIFUL AND BOLD PINK . LARGE GLOVE FOR ADULT HANDS . PERFECT !
 Yep . And Pink . A bright pink ! Lots of fun for the girlies in the house . I have two of this pink fish , Fish and Chips , and they are very involved in my day to day activities . I will find them in the kitchen , in the refrigerator , on the stove , in the bathroom , in the tub . It was empty . And they were alive . Yes . A Fish , er , fish , out of water . Yet in a tub . These two are like cats . They have nine lives . At least .
 My dad got this harley davidson toy byke but it was n't working , we bought this battery pack and it worked perfectly - he 's enjoying it like a little kid watching the byke making noises and having lights on ... recommened !
 This is perfect for your princess loving kiddo ! My daughters had them when they were little and used them when traveling or on the fridge -LRB- or any magnetic surface -RRB- ! We gifted to our young niece who LOVED them !
 This is a great toy for the imagintion and encourages creative play as well . The item uses many different outfits and accesories for the princes printed on the front of the tin but not so many for the prince ptinted on the back . The item has lots of other accessories though like animal friends , flowers , shoes , crown and Faries . Very cute !! It is great for travel and small enough to store in the car for those long rides or even in a backpack.The down side to this item is that you have to be careful when you are detaching the magnetic pieces from the magnetic sheet . They tear fairly easily .
 Although this toy is a bit expensive , it is well worth the money . It is extremely well-made and durable , especially important for boys . My son is 18 months old and very much into `` cause and effect '' . He loves remote controls of any kind and is constantly trying to figure out how his actions , i.e. , button-pressing , with any kind of electronic device cause a subsequent reaction.This toy is great because it taps right into his curiosity for that . Not only is it a shape sorter with the recognizable characters from `` Ready , Set , Learn ! '' , but the remote has two modes - forward and reverse/turn . The headlights even come on in forward mode . All in all , I highly recommend this toy from about 18 months up . Even my 4-year-old daughter loves it !
 This is a very good first remote controled car for toddlers . Both my three year old and 20 mo old enjoy driving it around . The controls are easy to use and it goes fast enough to keep them interested . It 's hard on batteries , but is n't everything .
 Awsome ! It is really cool because you get to decorate the room . You decorate it with stickers and stencils . I got this for Christmas , and I spent practically the WHOLE DAY putting it together ! It was really fun . My only complaint is that the walls are made out of cardboard . Hope this is helpful !
 We bought this for our son 's birthday in May and it was great . We had twenty kids climbing all over it all day long and our son and his friends played with it all summer and it 's still going strong . Great value .
 I 'm not sure what the people are talking about with the three foot radius . That 's how mine were at first , but I finally figured out how to make them work . They are more or less of the average 2 mile radius . I would n't expect too much , come on people ! These are KID 's toys ! They are n't going to give a 7 yr . old a pair of hundred dollar talkies , now would they ? The main trouble was getting the battery . After we had the batteries in , it came the testing time . They work pretty well , Except if it is below 60 or 50 degrees . Then , Only one will work , and not even that well . But , I have figured out how to make them quiter without turning them off ! Hold you 're hand over the mouth piece really tightly ... It should elimanate most of the static . But , for ten dollars , these are a very good pair . I am however saving up for the Uniden Ten mile radius 20 dollar adult walkie talkies .
 Ours are a different color but look the same so I 'm not sure if they 're the exact same model . OUrs are lime green with black . My kids love theirs . The biggest problem I have is keeping them from leaving them on and burning down the batteries ! They take them on trips so they can explore wherever they are . Their imaginations run wild ! Great fun .
 My kids have had these for a while & have used them indoors . They seem to work great all over the house ...
 Nice small toy for a young outdoor adventurer . Got it at a great price , too !
 This is used daily in a laboratory . A big feature for us is that it can count in seconds beyond 60 -- we do not have to convert 3:41 to 221 seconds , saving us a step . The buttons work with a solid click . It is better and cheaper than the stopwatch it replaced .
 Its not the most expensive timer around , but its well made and serves the purpose when your school clock breaks down . .
 It is and it does exactly what it says in description . It 's very easy to use . Only thing I wish it had , would be backlight on the display - it 's a little dark . Ohterwise it 's great .
 I use this for workouts . The timers , stopwatch and countdown timer are perfect . It has also lived through a very hot summer in the garage which every stopwatch I 've had did not make it !
 I bought this item for our engine shop because we needed something easy to use to keep track of job time . This item worked better than we had hoped . It is easy to use and just large enough to not disappear and small enough to not get in the way .
 Its a little late on this review , but the figure came in and was a great collection starter.Very accurate and the figure looks great !
 It so cool how a simple idea becomes a cuteness like Simine Legno 's moofia jeje I mean a box of milk becomes such cool characters .
 These cute little collectibles seriously look great sitting just about anywhere . I got mine from a little store in Toronto . They are random , so beware getting one you do n't want . My friend got `` Leche '' twice , the people at the store let her switch for a cuter one the second time though . They are little milk carton figurines , made of plastic , with all different types of milk on them . Some are in different languages . I 'm considering attempting to get all of them , I just ca n't resist . I think they would probably be a fun little gift bag goodie for the 10 to 16 year old girl crowd . I would definitely recommend these to any kid for a gift . A girl gift , boys do n't really dig cute stuff.One more thing
 I get these for my kids to play with during long car drives and during church . They 're great . They 're even entertaining for me occasionally .
 Got these for my grandkids who were moving from Colorado to New York over the course of 5 days . They loved them and it really helped keep them occupied in the car .
 Very nice magnetic toy as can mix and match plus tin to hold the pieces as you try various combinations .
 I received this extremely quickly and in perfect shape and packaging . I would buy from this seller again .
 I do n't understand all negative reviews by the other people on here . Our 2mo old son loves this thing . It 's the only thing that will calm him done most of the time . I do n't think he cares much about being able to see it as the sound it makes . This thing is n't really intended for any child over...maybe...6-ish months so why would you buy it for a two year old ?? If you have a newborn , this thing is great . Do n't give it a bad review because you bought it for an older child than it was intented for .
 This rainstick contains small plastic beads rather than the metal ones I have seen in other rainsticks . As the beads drop though they turn small rotating blades creating colourful movement which my son seems quite taken with . It is not very loud ... which is good ! It seems to be very sturdy and with all those small plastic beads that is just as well . It 's quite weighty which surprised me a little and it can be wielded as a weapon against older irritating brothers as my teen discovered , which can be quite painful . It wo n't keep your child entertained for hours ... but it is something that they will go back to again and again in short spells for some years . A good buy .
 Took a while to receive but the product is a great therapy product for those requiring visual tracking , eye hand coordination and overall cool product .
 International Playthings Turn 'n Tumble RainstickThe rain stick is real nice and helps my 9yr old relax well . The only thing I do n't like about it is that the plastic things that turn when the stick is turned upside down do not move as freely as I had hoped.Over all it was a great buy.Diann
 Got this for grandson . Was sick at the time and found the noise to be entertaining for him . Made him smile . Ordered from Amazon.com and will order again .
 These are very nice trees that work extremely well . Why did n't I give a final star ? I save that for the old Britain 's Limited trees made of individual branches attached by fitting one part of the leaf cluster over the branch nub . Those trees were perfect . These are a very workable , modern day replacement . We will never see trees that are like the old Britain 's Ltd ones for a price we can afford . So buy these ; you will be happy .
 very fun easy build . looks great just like it is out of the box , i liked the way this model looked without having to modify anything . i do suggest using gloves when applying the stickers , a little bit of heat from a hair dryer helps mold the small ones around emblems . very fun , very easy , very affordable . loved it
 It 's been awhile since building models as a kid , but I truly enjoyed the fun of snapping this kit together in a short while and not worrying about glue or paint .
 About 18 months ago my grandson expressed an interest in model airplanes . Grandpa quickly responded by ordering a couple of Revelle Snaptite planes since no glue or painting was required for my 5 year old Grandson . Building these is an excellent introduction to this hobby . I 'm not sure who had the most fun ! We have built just about every Revell Snaptite model airplane and the skies above in his bedroom are becoming full . We are waiting for Revell to announce more . This is our first car and it is a beauty ! We ca n't wait to see what Santa may bring next week !!
 I bought this as a gift for my grandson . He seemed very pleased and enjoyed putting it together . This is a great model for younger boys since there is no glue and no paint . There are quite a few parts and decals to assemble , but it snaps together so does n't require a lot of adult supervision or assistance .
 It 's important to know if it 's level 1 or 3 . I learned what it 's meaning when I bought this item , the car I bought next were level 3 , you paint the car and you use cement .
 the last christmas of 06 i wanted one thing , and that was a doll house . i am 12 and knew that dollhouses were sort of babyish , and i hoped for one that was built for older children . on christmas eve , the day i visit my grandma for presents , my one wish came true . i recived a rather large box wrapped in blue snowman paper . me , being the small size that i am could not hold the box . i finally unwrapped it , and i found that my one christmas wish had come true . a big dollhouse that i can design as many times as i want -- and this christmas of 07 , i hope to get the master bedroom , and bathroom . and best of all , my grandma told me to count on it.thank you grandma
 My daughter loves it , but it is not quite what I expected and we had some missing parts on assembly . She is all into interior design , but besides the lighting , I thought it was alittle too juvenile for an 11yr . old with all the plastic dolls , furniture and stickers . Painting the furniture is not very attractive or reversible . The lighting part is cute , but I think if the walls were magnetic and all the decorations , curtains , and accessories were magnets , that it would be much more fun and reversable .
 My two kids are now 22 and 17 . They played for hours with this family when they were small . The figures were made well and , except for paint wear , they 've stayed intact to this day . They were kept as a favorite toy after the kids got too old for them but were lost during a recent move so I replaced them with this identical set a couple of months ago .
 My girls love to play with their doll house and since the dog chewed up some of their other people I thought I 'd get them some new one 's for Christmas.The only problem with this toy is how it came packaged . It was mailed in a regular mailing box but the figures were not in a box . . they were wrapped in plastic and that 's it . I wanted to wrap them for Christmas but just stuck them in their stockings instead . I just found it odd they were not in a box .
 This game comes with a few different ways to play . So far we have played the game for counting numbers 1-10 . I think it has help my daughter continue to learn her numbers and it is easy enough for her to play at age of 2 1/2 . My four year was bored with it , but I think that the harder levels will be more challenging for him .
 This was purchased for a friend for Christmas . It was not purchased as a `` toy '' but to sit along side the `` Death Dealer '' print . It 's perfect for me due to the fact that my friend is an avid Frank Frazetta fan .
 This is one of the 3 favorit toys i like . . especialy for kid 's and older people from 13 year old to a 50 year old grow up.I love it
 This is my second boomerang and I am happy to say that it works.It arrived gently packed in the cardboard box . The boomerang is big from your palm to your elbow is form the two bottom ends . I have had it over two months and I have tested it and seen how much fun it is . In the beginning it is a bit hard to learn how to throw the boomerang so it comes right back . For me it took about half an hour Of running after it Because I threw it too hard . The boomerang is very light weight and good quality . It wo n't work if it is too windy outside because the wind will through it around . You want to play with this boomerang in a nice grassy area that is clear of people especially if its your first time . This boomerang goes far and I like it . I Rarely catch it perfectly but I do n't practice much . Its a fun way to go outside and have fun with friends or to blow off some steam and relax . Well you should get this one if you are considering on getting a boomerang .
 I 'm 13 and i have a deep love for boomerangs . I 've ad plastic ones , poly-plastic boomerangs and foam ones . But this one overall is the best . it took me a while to throw correctly . Very durable but not for beginners.Channel Craft Boomerang Spirit of Earth
 Got it on sale for about $ 13 . It is n't very large so my two young kids -LRB- 6,8 -RRB- were able to throw it easily and had a great time . It 's really light weight but seems fairly durable . Definitely worth the price .
 This works great once you get the nack of It . It Is light weight , and you have to learn to launch It with respect to where a light wind Is comming from . The spin and angle also play an important part In how often you can get this boomerang to come accurately back but It does work and It definately does teach .
 Very nice boomerang . I do n't throw it but use it in my magic act . Just what I was looking for . Very stylish .
 My buddies and I have played with this for hours . We dont always get it to return , but we are all beginners at the booerang sport . We have dropped it and it has taken its fair share of hard landings . It has not broken , chipped , or splintered at all . It looks nice out of the package and mine still looks pretty nice after all it has been through . We have gotten carried away and used it to hit each other and that hurts . So parents watch your kids and it wont be an issue . If there are responcible adults around then it is a fun toy . If there are no RESPONCIBLE adults around its all fun until someone loses an eye , then its hilarious !!!
 My nephew enjoyed this toy as I thought he would . fun toy for almost anyone .
 I am not sure who enjoys this boomerang the most , my brother -LRB- 60 -RRB- or his six year old son . I know that they managed to destroy the first one in a little less than a year ... but they insisted on the same boomerang as a replacement . I think it spent a lot of time stuck in a tree in the weather and that might have weakened it ... but now they have their replacement and the fun begins again .
 I bought it for my 11 years old son . We deffinetely needed some instructions how to throw the boomerang . But , we had our moments , when the boomerang would fly high and make slite turns .
 Great design , in terms of its painting and curvy edges . However , after playing with it in the street for just one afternoon , it looked totally hammered . Would have preferred it to have been a bit heavier , but overall it was a fun toy for several days at the park . I would estimate its total life to be around 50 hours . Pretty good for the price !
 Good boomerang overall , but needs to be improved in terms of durability . We had lots of fun playing with it . One more thing to consider if you buy it
 I ordered this for my son for Christmas . It is durable , lightweight and lots of fun to play with . Although , it was relatively low on his wish list , it turned out to be his favorite gift .
 the boomerang is ok but when i tried to use it never work . i just threw it and it never came back . i was throwing it wright to just like the book says . this one time i got it wright then i could never do it again . i practiced for 5 months and still couldnt throw it wright . my brother cant throw it either . maybe one day i can throw it wright again though i doubt it . if you can throw it wright then good for you .
 I bought this as a gift for my nephew . I put five stars but do n't know if this is true or not as he has not told me anything about it . He lives 1400 miles away . However he has n't complained so I assume it worked out.I know I liked boomerangs when I was young .
 I bought this after trying a friend 's -LRB- free -RRB- plastic boomerang . It was the first `` real '' boomerang I 'd ever thrown , and I had a great time with it . I 'm sure there are better out there , and I 'm not sure if I 'd recommend it as a first boomerang , only because there is little available description online for comparison sake -LRB- flight range , weight , etc. -RRB- , and I have no reason to think this is the best to learn with . But it certainly did return for me -LRB- I 'd say I catch it 20 % of the time -RRB- , and everyone that has seen me throw it , friends and strangers alike , has left the field excited . I have thrown only one other since then
 This boomerang is by far the best one out of the Spirit of Fire and Spirit of Wind . It came back to me more than either of the other ones did . Once you teach and learn from experience with boomerangs , you can have them come back to you more each time they are thrown . This one may be more expensive than the other ones , but is worth the money !
 We have a park in town that is perfect for boomeranging . Multiple adjacent soccer fields make a great place to throw . I 'm an amateur , and was looking to learn how to throw . This proved to be perfect . It offers pretty consistent performance . I 'm gradually learning how to stand in relation to the wind , and how to adjust my throw . It DOES come back to me quite often.This boomerang has held up well , even after straying occasionally from the grass and landing on the asphalt walkway . Minor nicks and scratches have not noticeably affected its performance.I 'm thinking of getting a couple more boomerangs , and would not hesitate to return to this company for their other models .
 I got this boomerang on a whim when I was at hobby lobby . I do n't know anything about boomerangs at all . I 've been throwing it for 2 days now.I can get it to return to me about 80 % -90 % of the time . I almost got caught it today after having it come in full circle . I looked up a lot of information on how to throw boomerangs and even this specific boomerang . I think people are having a hard time succeeding with it because it is difficult , and may be giving up too easily.The way to throw the boomerang , I found , is to throw at about 30-45 degrees upward , with as much spin as you can , and because the boomerang is so light , you have to throw it very hard ; probably harder than other boomerangs . I follow the common wind instructions throwing about 45-90 degrees with the wind to my left and adjusting with the wind strength.It 's flight path -LRB- mine is a right hander -RRB- is counter clockwise , and about halfway through it turns over and rises up like a helicopter , then will head downwards pick up mediocre speed , and quickly hover back to you -LRB- not dive to the ground -RRB- . You have to throw it just right or else it 'll fall straight down and dive into the ground , which I have noticed it has a tenancy to do if you throw it too lightly . The wind resistance saps a lot of energy out of the throw since it is so light . ----- Durability wise ? It is pretty good , I throw it in a dirt/grassy park . I have a minor crack in it , I hit about 8 trees with it , and the worst was when it hit a railroad track while diving down . But it still works just fine with very minor nicks .
 It is good , well made and looks fine . But with 2 hits to a tree or one fall on asphalt or concrete can break it . Even a tight squeeze anywhere can break it . I preserved it to use when we are perfect at throwing , which , we are learning with another good Wal-Mart $ 2.50 B'Rang .
 My son asked for a boomerang for Christmas and so to Amazon.com I went ! This boomerang is a full blown , real deal boomerang , not a kids toy . Of course it 's a kids toy but if you throw it correctly -LRB- my husband enjoyed hours of getting it just right -RRB- it will fly out pretty darn far and come right back for you to catch . This would be a great gift for an outdoors-y person . I have to take my son to an open to field to use it since there are too many things I 'd rather not have to pay for in our neighborhood and learning it is a skill ! Very cool to own though and not just for kids !!
 Once you learn how to throw the boomerang -LRB- this was my first time -RRB- , it comes back a lot . If you do n't aim it right the wind can catch it and go straight up or fly way past behind you . I like flying it in a little wind though . It 's easy to throw for beginners with a good arm . It gives directions on how to throw the boomerang on the packaging which are pretty good , but I suggest watching some videos online on how to do it.A couple of times it took strong hits on pavement . One time it fell on a tip of the boomerang from 20ft and it only got a little nick in it . Another time it fell really fast and really high right on it 's back and surprisingly it did n't break and got a little dent in it . A lot of the time when I was starting out it went straight down on hard dirt and just bounced . So this boomerang is very tough.I 've only caught it a couple of times , but that 's mostly because it comes back quite fast and I do n't have the guts to try.So if you want a boomerang , get this one ! It 's worth it .
 I got this boomerang as a birthday present . I was very excited , but at first I could n't get it to work correctly . Then I later looked up how to throw a boomerang on youtube . After that I took it out and it flew perfectly for me . It was just a matter of learning how to throw it .
 This is very finely made Boomerang and flies very well i have lots of fun with it and its nice that directions are included but a Instructional video should be included with purchase
 My daughter loves this activity center ... there are days when she will spend over an hour in it at a time . I will warn you that it takes a lot of force to assemble this toy , but it 's worth it ... and that 's added peace of mind you 'll have knowing your baby is not strong enough to pull anything off and hurt themselves with it . We have yet to use it as a walker .
 We never got a chance to use it as a bouncer , as we got it when my son was ready to start walking -LRB- at 9 months of age -RRB- , and we loved it . However , it proved most valuable after he broke his leg . Once the cast was off and he had to re-learn walking -LRB- at 16 months ! -RRB- , he used it instead of crutches . His legs were too weak at that point to bear him , and it made him so happy that he was able to move around again with the help of the walker !
 It was great Inever had a toy like this ! the claws opend and closed the tentacles move ! The arms and legs move like real .
 Having found the Baby Einstein series of DVD 's and the toys and items that accompany them I was quite pleased to find this puppet since I could not find them in any store where I looked . This puppet was from the first video that she fell in love with . She got the first video before Christmas and was absolutely mesmerized by everything in it . She responded especially well to this puppet so naturally he was on my list for her first christmas . It 's amazing that something so simple can entertain a baby . She 's now nine months old and still LOVES this puppet .
 Wow . When I bought this Spider-Man action figure I was happy because it looked like my old Spider-Man action figure from the 1st movie , until it broke . So I found this Spider-Man and it was $ 4.79 when I bought it -LRB- $ 9.78 with S&H and tax -RRB- and now I look at the price now and it 's at $ 24.99 , I 'm glad I got this Spider - Man back in 2011 . The durability on this action figure is good , I dropped him and a piece of plastic on his spin leg came off and the leg did n't wobble or fall apart . Today the spider man action figure still is intact .
 This figure is great.It has mega articulation.The detail is awsome . The tentacales are ok but mine kept falling off the stand , so I glued them on to Doc Ock . i recomend this figure to any colector or kid .
 This toy was great for the value , it was half the price I would have paid at the store and it arrived in just 2 days !!! My son loves it .
 actually bought this toy to decorate a forest themed cake . It came out great . All of the kids fought over who got to keep or play with these toys . I bought several in this collection and they have ALL been a hit with ALLL of the kids from 2-12 so far -LRB- I am a nanny and a vet tech and teach animal care and knowledge to all kids under my care . -RRB- They never stop playing with these toys . Would buy again , would recommend .
 Our grandson -LRB- 4 -RRB- loves his grader . We gave it to him for Christmas and he pushes it all over the place - sandbox and driveway and in the house after cleaning of course . Very sturdy and parts move easily .
 This grader ate Christmas dinner with our 3 year old . He was fascinated with the lever and was speechless for hours playing .
 i have always stoped on the road to watch this machine do its work . i could sit hours and hours when i was a kid and i still do it whenever i have a chance.fast delivery , great bargain !!
 Not as good as the Tonka products I grew up with but way better than the usual cheap plastic toys you find today .
 This is exactly what our 5 yr old wanted and it 's tough and durable . We had been looking for this for a while and every place that had one was double the price or more than amazon ! Great toy for the little boys and the big ones ! : -RRB-
 tonka , need I say more . well built , might have to replace a plastic part but so far it is pretty kewl .
 Played with Tonka as a kid and still have a great time playing with them with my nephews . Will made product and would buf again .
 Another addition to my Grand Nephews collection , he loves all the Tonka Trucks . They are super tough and will last him for years
 my grandson loved his new grader . he just had to have it to move some dirt that is in in his back yard . we have to wait till the snow is gone.lol
 Great Toy . Built tough . Has some plastic but because my son likes to play with it in the house that 's probably better .
 I really liked this product . My kids grew up with tonka trucks . They are a well made toy . Atho I would like to see the blade on the grader be metal and alittle lower . I would like to see a double tandem gravel hauler . My grandson loved it .
 Nice vehicle from my past that my son will enjoy.The only shortfall is the blade contact with the road surface.Which is an easy fix with a piece of aluminum riveted to the blade .
 Tonka is known for its durability and lifetime warranty . That is what really attracted us to this toy . My son is 2 and loves it . We have n't completely tested out its durability since we have only had it a short time but I will say that my son likes to throw his Tonka trucks across the room and they have held up just fine . Highly recommend . I also want to add that the seller got the item shipped to us right away and it arrived faster than promised !
 Tonka still makes a pretty tough toy as long as you are careful to pick the ones that are at least part metal like this one . Do look other places to buy this toy though , I paid half this price at Kohls online .
 My son freaked when he opened this toy on his 4th birthday . We took it right out to the sandbox and he made roads for all his trucks and tractors . I have to put it in the tub with him when we come in from using it so he can play with it in the house . We usually get him Bruder trucks/tractors , but the reviews for their grader said that it was n't very durable . I am happy we went with this one .
 My almost 4 year old asked Santa for a grader for Christmas . `` Santa '' spent some time researching graders and found this one . My son was thrilled needless to say and wanted to play with it immediately . It is very durable and easy to manuver . I am very happy with this purchase .
 This road grader is a nice size and is well made . I seems to be a hit with the grandson . The only negative problem , and this is a something that I am going to have to fix , is that the grader blade , in its lowest position , does not make enough contact with the sand to do much grading . I think that I will probably need to pop-rivet on an additional piece of plastic or metal so as to extend the blade by about 1/4 to 3/8 inch .
 This toy is sturdy and my grandsons love it . I purchase 3 and plan to get 2 more as the birthdays get closer .
 This grader seems pretty tough , there are a couple things on it that I could see breaking , but nothing too bad . The blade is plastic , but that is a good thing for my wood floors .
 The Tough Grader is very well made and fun for kids of all ages . The quality of Tonka trucks holds true ! You wo n't be disappointed .
 This tonka grader has been well worth the price I paid for it ! My Grandsons have spent hours playing with it . When they come to visit , thier Tonka toys are the first thing they grab . Thanks for making them so tough !!
 Nicely made toy looks like it will last a long time . The blade needs to be adjusted a little lower to scrape better . I 'll bend the bar on it to change it , not a big deal . Thanks
 This grader was a birthday present for my four year old grandson . I had ordered two others road graders that were made only of plastic , this one is metal . This grader should last for a number of years . I would rate this product five stars .
 One word ... AWESOME . These two figures rock . The best 2 - pack made so far by TNA . The best wrestling any where . I love all TNAS different matches . My personal favorite Six Sides of Steel and in july they are making a Six Sides of Steel toy and ring with a Christian Cage action figure . I personally cant wait .
 The second installment of the Mystery Rummy series focuses on Edgar Alan Poe 's classic MURDERS IN THE RUE MORGUE . For those of you who have n't read the short story , this card game will spoil the outcome and this review is also a spoiler for the story.The players are investigating the grissly murders of two women . It has been determined that the murderer was an orangutan . The mystery is in collecting enough evidence to prove the orangutan did it.The game mechanics are similar to those of the first mystery rummy game , Jack the Ripper . Players try to form melds -LRB- three or more of a kind -RRB- of evidence cards . Whenever a meld is formed a card is taken from the top of the draw deck and placed under the orangutan card . This is important because at the end of the hand , whichever player went out first gets to take the cards under the orangutan and use them , if possible , to score additional points . There are a number of ways to get bonus points , as well . For example , each evidence card set has a complimentary evidence card set . These sets are of similar color -LRB- dark green and light green -RRB- to easily match them up . If a player plays complimentary evidence melds , they earn bonus points.This is a great game to play with two people , though it 's more challenging with three or four . I highly recommend this game for a quiet evening of mysterious fun !
 I purchased this puppet for my nephew who has Aspergers Syndrome . First , for almost $ 60 I was expecting more than a felt monkey that was delivered in a brown envelope . Second , let me say the look on his face when he opened it was priceless , he played with it all day and it did n't look any worse for wear at the end of the day . So , all in all a good purchase .
 This Pooh is plush and loveable . He immediately became my 2 year old niece 's favorite . He has held up well as she drags him around the house over the past year or so .
 This toy went to Sri Lanka to a 12 year old girl whom I met while over there . She included a small clipping of a winnie pooh toy in a letter she sent me requesting one for her birthday . I was happpy to find the perfect match for her . I have since received a picture of her with the bear and a note from her grandmother telling me how much joy the toy has brought her granddaughter . This was a fun thing to do .
 These paints are terrific . They cover well . They are bright . They clean up with ease . They wash off skin , clothing , and other surfaces .
 You either like all the little pieces that comprise Playmobil toys , or you hate them . We like them , and this is a very cute selection of animals , along with their -LRB- tiny ! -RRB- babies . The stump is removable so some of the animals can make a nest under it .
 I actually bought this toy to decorate a forest themed cake . It came out great . All of the kids fought over who got to keep or play with these toys . I bought several in this collection and they have ALL been a hit with ALLL of the kids from 2-12 so far -LRB- I am a nanny and a vet tech and teach animal care and knowledge to all kids under my care . -RRB- They never stop playing with these toys . Would buy again , would recommend .
 Playmobile toys tend to hold up great and this is no exception . Very small parts ! So make sure your kids are old enough or know better . Other than that , it 's a really fun little toy . Goes good with a bigger set , but by itself it 's ok .
 This set is really cool and even better that it comes with a ladder . This set has The Fallen Angel Christopher Daniels And Primetime Elix Skipper two of TNA 'S best . Who will ever forget when Primetime walked the top of the Six Sides of Steel . I cant wait for the Six Sides of Steel ring so i can walk the top with the Primetime action figure . It 's coming out in July I think . I just love everything about the TNA action figures .
 This is a great toy with great articulation and also durable.The cane does n't stay in his hand but a rubberband can fix that.I also recommend charlie and veruca . -LSB- I do n't have augustus yet -RSB- .
 If you loved the movie , this is a nice collectable to have . I 've been a fan of Roald Dahl 's story for a long time and I had to have Willy Wonka when I found out about this toy . I 'm 22 and I can safetly say that I have Mr. Wonka sitting on my desk as I speak . Great for fans of all ages !
 This was a Christmas gift for my nephew . He loved it . The quality is good and the food is realistic .
 My two year loves SpongeBob and his `` crabby Patties '' that he makes so I wanted to get this for her . The overall description is on point . It has variety of toppings . They stick together quite well . It is kind of big for my 2 year old to hold in her hands . But she loves it . I do wish that somehow they had both stick things on each side because she does n't know how to match up the sides for it to stick . I have to help her . But overall my 2 year loves it .
 This was a gift for mt 2 1/2 year old grandson to go with his grill . He loves cooking up a burger every day for his mom . Very good idea using velcro so that the burger gets ALL the condiments !
 My son loves grilling up a plastic burger for mom at dinner time . Great toy and the velcro makes it easy for him to assemble the burger .
 I gave this to my almost two year old for Christmas . She immediately began taking it apart and putting it back together . I like that she can carry it around on a play and that it stays together when she drops it . The individual pieces are very realistic looking .
 purchased this for my grandsons and they loved it - they enjoy taking turns ` making the burger ' and serving them to us . Great gift .
 My 4-year-old son received this for Chrsitmas this year from his grandparents - he loves it . Very realistic looking and the velcro holds together nicely , but without being so strong he struggles to part the peices . Overall , a very nice set ! : -RRB-
 The velcro is an excellent idea , the quality is excellent , the kids loved making different ways & serving to all of us big kids !
 I like the sizes of the pieces in this set . Just right for little hands . My Granddaughter loves this . She likes changing the configurations
 This is for a young grand daughter who is getting a play kitchen.It is a durable toy . It is a little smaller then I thought it would be.But that is fine . She has tiny little hands . She will enjoy this toy food .
 I recieved it promptly , and ca n't wait to give it to my son for Christmas . He loves to play with his toy kitchen and I think this will make a great addition to it .
 I purchased these veggies for my 19 month old . He is quickly learning his vegetable names and loves cutting them in half and putting them back together . I plan to buy other sets to accompany this one !
 Outstanding product , perfect for role playing in your child 's kitchen ... . durable - stays together with small velcro tabs - GREAT FOR LITTLE HANDS AT PLAY . Super way to introduce good nutrition for older children . Gets my # 1 rating .
 I bought this for my 2 -1 / 2 year old grandson and he loves making me lunch . I purchased a sandwich set and a pizza , so we are having picnics daily ! I highly recommend this !
