 We have a white/gold bichon who had slight tear stains when we got him . We used one bottle , and have seen a noticeable difference . He would not eat his food if we sprinkled Angel Eyes on it , though , so we mixed it with a small amount of honey . I will use this again if the tear stains return .
 Angels ' Eyes tear stain eliminator for dogs WAS and IS a product that I recommend for all owners of dogs that have a problem with tear stain . I have a Bichon Frise and he HAD a terrible case of tear stain . I had tried all topical remedies and nothing was really helping . I spoke to a person that made a statement that I should work with the problem from inside out rather that just on the outside -LRB- topical -RRB- . I purchased the Angels ' Eyes and as recommended I would sprinkle Angels ' Eyes on his food and within weeks , there was a huge change . It helps keep tear stains away by reducing oxidation released through tear ducts.I now use it periodically for maintenance . IT WORKS !!!
 My mother brought this product to my attention because we both have small white little dogs . My husband is a Vet and did n't think it was worth it . We bought it anyways and it really works . He was wrong and now tells clients to buy it on Amazon . We love it .
 We have been using the product for a few months now and after his last grooming that removed much of the already stained fur around his eyes , it became very obvious that it works and he looks very good . We will happily continue to use the product after such a remarkable effect . I highly recommend it to anyone .
 I have used this product for over 2 years now and find it helps keep the eyes and mouth of both of our Maltese dogs cleaner than any other product on the market . I would recommend it to anyone that has a white or light colored cat or dog . The price is right on Amazon !
 This is the second time that I bought this for my Maltese/Bischon mix . Her tear stains came back a while after the first bottle had been gone . She seems to like the taste of it .
 I had been using wipes from our local pet store to remove tear stains on our English Bulldog , Mugsy , with no results . After searching online and asking our vet 's approval , I thought I would try Angels Eyes based on the great reviews from Amazon customers . I place a teaspoon in his food each evening . Be patient , it took approximately a month , but he looks like a movie star ! I wish we knew about this product when we had our bichon . Highly recommended !
 I was very apprehensive about trying this product . But I ordered it and in 5-6 days it totally cleared up the eyes and tear stains on my pure white Maltese as well as my mixed Maltese/Yorkie . I will continue to use it . What a RELIEF !! I just hated those stains , they were such an eyesore , every time I looked at them . Now , I 'm so proud to have a pure white dog!I had a little trouble getting them to take it orally , so mixed it with a little bacon fat and they lapped it right up .
 Within a week my Maltese 's eye stains were much better . He does n't seem to mind the taste or have any other side effects .
 recommended by my groomer , I tried it and it is amazing , my malteze has broken tear ducts and therefore had quite a large area of stains , I am very impressed with this product
 This works really great . Before we used it our 2 Maltese sisters has the staining under their eyes . We bought some after hearing so much about it from others AND our vet that we tried it . IT WORKS !!!!!!!!!! One thing though , our girls love the beef flavored one and dont really like the chicken flavored one . But , like people , all dogs are different .
 I only used it for two weeks on a dog I was fostering . At first , he ate really well then into the second week , I had to mix it up with his favoriate wet food . I did see results quicker than the three months it said to use it for . I ordered a larger bottle not knowing how long I would foster the dog because of the results I saw in two weeks .
 We owned a wonderful Maltese his whole life ... and during all of those 18 years , he had that unnattractive straining under is eyes.We recently got a new little puppy Maltese , and someone at the pet store recommended Angel Eyes . I was encouraged by all the online reviews , but the real test was using it on my new puppy.She loved the powder mixed into a little peanut butter each morning . We had the chicken flavored Angel Eyes.In a few days I noticed a nice difference , after a full week it was even better , and today -LRB- after two weeks -RRB- , I gave her a nice hair cut around her eyes and she is so beautiful . Pure white.Who ever invented this ... thank you!Kathy R.
 After watching our Westie have diry brown around her mouth and not being able to wash off the brown , a friend recommended Angel eyes . They told me that it helped the brown around their dog 's eyes . After a two week period , I began to see my dog 's mouth slowly turn from the dirty brown to finally a white face . I continue to use it and now my dog 's head is back to being white .
 We have an apricot poodle that suffered from pronounced dark tear stain . This product has virtually eliminated it . It is very effective .
 I received my adorable Cock-A-Poo when he was 2 years old . He was adorable except for those ugly stains under his eyes . I found an ad about Angels Eyes on the internet , found that it was not harmful , and ordered some . It took about 3 to 4 weeks to clear the stains , and what a difference ! I ran out once and the stains came back . I wo n't run out again . I did feel that the larger 240 Gram Bottle seemed to have less than the amount in it than I was expecting . I had been using the 120 Gram bottles and the 240 just did n't seem like it had twice the amount by any means . I do n't know if that was a fact or just the way it appeared to me .
 I had used angel eyes for less than a week on my 10 year old Maltese , sprinkled on top of her food , and she has been cured ever since ! I did n't even have to give it to her ever again . This stuff is amazing !
 I have a white malti-poo who 's eyes would stain and ich , I did some reseach and found that angle eyes is safe according to my vet . My dog now has clean eyes and he seldom iches them .
 Angels eyes is a miracle for anyone who has ever struggled with doggie eye stain . Finally something that actually changes the hair color under eyes and is easy to use .
 I have a year old maltese and we 've struggled with tear staining since the beginning . We tried to just keep his face clean , but that did n't help . One day I asked my groomer what I could use to help the tear staining and she mentioned the Angel Eyes . I looked it up and ordered it and started using it from day one . The product is amazing . It works really well and within a week we saw results . While it does not stop tear staining , as time goes on you do use less and it still works . My puppy no longer has awful tear staining and his face is the white it should be : -RRB-
 Our white dog has much cleaner under-eye-areas since we have used this product to get rid of tear stains . It does not totally get rid of these but it is a remarkable product that we will continue to buy .
 Have worked in the Veterinary industry for 15 years & have never found a product that works . Rescued a Bichon Frise with bad tear staining & less than a month later we are seeing fantastic results . Would definitely recommend this product .
 The Angel Eyes powder has worked wonders . I wish I had started it early on my Maltese but I wanted to consult with my vet first to make sure it was okay to use . I will definitely continue to use this product .
 I was skeptical when my husband said we should get this for my Pit Bull Sugar . I do n't like to give her anything needlessly as she is my beautiful baby even with the stains in her eyes . She started getting them when I moved to Phoenix with her and I thought it was just the heat . But he ordered this and in not long at all the stains were gone . She even likes the taste of it . I order it and have it in reserve and retreat usually in the summer when they show up again .
 I bought this for my 8 week old white coton de tulear . The red streaks from his tears detracted from his cute face and just made his eyes look awful . He is now 12 weeks and the red is completely gone ! I love this product . The vet told me it works on 50 % of dogs and Charlie is definitely in that 50 % . It is so easy to use , just sprinkle on his food once a day and it 's so economical . I 'll continue to use this product .
 We bought this product for our Bichon Frise . Within a couple weeks we could see a difference in her eyes . We are on our 2nd month using it and will continue to buy it for our dog . She does n't even to seem to notice it on her food . Some said it made their dogs sick at their stomach but we have n't had any problems with the Angel Eyes . Definitely recommend this for anyone who has an all white dog with tear stains . It works great !!!!
 I have used this product when my dog gets his seasonal eye allergies . It really works , but because of the large volume needed , I break it up into two doses . I have always seen results in about 2 weeks .
 Good product . While I know it is meant for around the eyes it does work well for around the mouth as well . I do notice the mouth area does take longer to see results but really it does start to look better . It does n't take it away but it does make it considerably lighter . I will continue to use the product for sure .
 This is great stuff , if you can get it down them ! I wish they would make it in a pill form . My Bichon will not eat her food if this is in it , and I ca n't even imagine putting it in the water . Peanut butter was okay - but the best mixer for this is almond butter . For some reason , she loves it and it 's not as thick or sticky as peanut butter . I do n't even have to use much , about even amounts of each.As for the product , it really works ! It 's not just the yucky staining that is the problem , but the constant wetness on her face that had to be uncomfortable for her . Smelly too , but it all disappears after a few weeks on this product . The stains have to be grown out , but once it 's clipped away the fur is pure white - and dry ! Five stars for results , but minus one for the nasty taste/texture .
 Angel Eyes is very easy to use . While my Maltese 's eyes have n't cleared up completely , they are far better than they have been with any other product I have tried .
 Angel eyes has helped the staining on our dog -LRB- who is completely white -RRB- . The stained fur is still there but much lighter . We 're having the groomer cut all of the stained fur out in two weeks when we go . We are n't seeing any new colored drainage . We 've used this product for a month now and are about to order more . Would recommend this product . Very easy to use . Dog does n't mind the taste of it on his egg .
 If you have a white dog with tear staining problems , you should get this product . It helps our `` Bashful '' Bichon so much ... it is going away little by little . Each time she get a hair cut you can really tell , her new grown hair is much whiter . Just have to be patient .
 Our vet recommended Angels ' Eyes for our little white 6-pound Maltese dog . The hair under his eyes had gotten black from allergies , it was so bad . It did n't take much of the Angels ' Eyes and did n't take long , either , and the hair grew out white again . And best of all , my dog loves it ! We sprinkle a tiny bit on his food 2-3 days a week . We 're so glad we found it !
 I have a toy poodle and she would get awful tear stains around her eyes I could not find anything that would work until I found this product and thought I would try it it is a bit pricey but I would pay it so my baby would look better again . I have now been using it for about six months her eyes cleared up within the first 2 weeks and then it was completey gone in a month when I took her in for her grooming I give it to her 2 times a week now and it has not com back I highly recomend this product ... . It is worth the money
 it 100 % works , plain and simple !!! Never would have believed it !! However , my maltese 's eye gunk has come back . I initially used it for only 6 wks . Then about 4 mos later , the eye gunk came back . Not sure if eye gunk is the same as the brown tears . I think it is .
 We tried Angel 's eyes for our all white and fluffy Maltese puppy because she was so adorable and cute , but her tear stains were terrible . It definately improved the staining . I ran out of Angel 's eyes and did not reorder right away , not sure of how much it had really helped , and it amazed me how much worse the staining got.We are back on Angel 's eyes now and they do seem better , but not gone completely . I am hoping with continued use they will get better and better .
 When using the product one must wait for several weeks for the full effect . So far , so good . I have definitely seen the tear staining improve / lessen . The product has agreed with my white pom quite well . I will continue to use product .
 I first purchased this product last year and was somewhat skeptical about the results it claimed . However , I have 2 small dogs that stain very easy . After 1 month of use I was amazed at the results it yielded . It cleared up the staines quite quickly and are under control . My dogs look 100 % better and they probably feel better about themselves too - would n't you ?
 We have only been using the product a month and can already see a difference in our dogs face . She also does n't itch as bad or have an odor . The only problem is the cost . We wish it was a little more affordable . However , we will buy it again . It seems to be working and worth the money .
 I 've been using Angels ' Eyes on my cream-faced Pomeranian for about 4 months . The tear-staining is reduced to a pinkish -LRB- not brown -RRB- color and is sometimes almost gone . Staining around her mouth -- where she licked -- is entirely gone . The most amazing thing about this product , though , is what it did to her horrible bad breath . Within days of starting this product , her breath had no odor at all and continues to be odorless to this day . By the way , I sprinkle Angels ' Eyes directly on her dry food and she laps it up .
 I have just started using this product and it seems to be working in controlling the tearing.I know my sister 's vet recommended this product for her dog and she is using it too .
 I 've used this product for only one week on my white Bichon and we started to see a difference within 4 days . Now the tear stains are almost gone . I ordered the smallest amount to test it out first , but I think it works so well that I recommend buying the 120 gram bottle at a much cheaper price .
 May daughter used Angel 's Eyes on her Tibetan Spaniel and her Bishon Frise with great results in just a few weeks . My little Shih Tzus did not have a big problem . We just had to wash her face and eyes twice a day - no problem . My mother tried it on her light cinnamon colored toy poodle and saw drastic improvement in only two weeks . Okay , I thought I would try it . My full beige coat Shih Tzu only needs her face washed a couple times a week and it is not because of stuff in her eyes . I noticed an improvement in only 3 days . GOOD STUFF !
 I have been using Angels Eyes with my Miniature Schnauzers . I have seen a huge difference in their eyes and beards staining . They are going on 8 years old and I have always feed them the best food products and only distilled water . Yet , still had problems with the brown staining until I bought this product . I am a groomer and I feel very comfortable recommending this product to my customers for their dogs as well . I also foster for a rescue group which is mostly Bichons and I have started them on Angels Eyes as well . They are usually in very poor condition when we get them and this is helping with the process of reconditioning their coats . I like to start fresh with badly matted and staind coats so I shave them down and as their hair comes in it is bright white and beautiful .
 I did n't think any product like this would actually work , but it truly does what it claims . My three dogs look a mess without it .
 This product is absolutly the best . I purchased this item upon my friends recommendation . I did a search and found that Amazon had the best price . Angels Eyes does everything it is advertized to do . My dog 's eye stains and paw stains -LRB- from licking -RRB- started to disappear in a matter of days . I highly recommend it .
 My dog has been taking this for about 2 weeks now , and there is a big change in her stains . The problem is , she doesnt like the taste . I mix it with whipped cream from a can , and she eats it right up ! We have tried prime rib , dog food , steak , ice cream , meatballs , but the whipped cream works the best .
 I am on my third bottle of Angel Eyes for two dogs and heading for the two times a week treatment . Although they keep tearing , the staining under the eyes is much improved .
 I got my white puppy when he was 10 weeks old . His eyes starting staining when he was about 12-13 weeks . I asked the breeder and my vet , but neither could help me . I bought over the counter wipes , several brands , i tried peroxide -LRB- very carefully on a Q-tip -RRB- NOTHING WORKED !! When I brought my puppy into to be fixed my vet told me about Angel 's Eyes . It was recommended to him by someone else with a white dog . I have been using this product for about 5 months . It works like MAGIC !! My dog has no staining at all!Just sprinkle it on top of food . After 4 months you only use it 4 times a week and after 6 months you only need to use it twice a week , so the initial expense will really be cut down.Bottom line no more icky stained eyes , amazing !!
 I have only been using the product for couple of weeks but already can see an improvement after trimming my puppy 's face hair .
 My schnauzer had dark brownish-red stains around his mouth where the hair was supposed to be white.He began licking his legs and feet , so they also turned an ugly brownish-red . I tried different shampoos and changed his food but nothing worked until I tried Angel Eyes . It was n't overnight . It took maybe 2 to 3 months . As the stains grew out and his hair was trimmed , it became obvious that the red yeast was stopped and the hair again became beautiful , snowy white like it it should be ! He looks wonderful and healthy again instead of dirty . Thanks so much .
 I was quite skeptical when I made the purchase on whether this product works and it definitely does ! Shea my little ShiHZu eyes look soooooo much better . I 'm glad I made the purchase .
 I have bulldogs and they are known for their tear stains . A few years ago a trainer recommended this to me and i would buy it from a small pet store at a crazy price . It works amazingly well for my dogs ! In the past i had tried a diet change and i give my dogs filtered water but their tear stains were still coming , i love this product , its not cheap but some things are worth paying for ! I even recommended it my pizza delivery person when they saw one of my bullies eyes and asked how i kept them so clean !
 I have a mostly white mini-schnauzer that was starting to get an orange beard , orange lines around his eyes , and his front paws were also getting orange . He has a sensitive tummy , but he has not had any problems with this product.He has been on this product for about 6 months -LRB- we have cut back to two or three times a week -RRB- and the results are amazing . He looks fantastic now ! -LRB- I will post a picture soon -RRB- . The product took a couple months too really start showing major differences , but I am glad we stuck with it .
 I purchased this for my son 's dog who is a white English Bulldog , not only does it take care of his stained eyes but it helps greatly in his dry skin that these dogs are known for . At times he had bald spots from the skin condition , tried all kinds of antibiotics from the vet but nothing seemed to work . I suggested the Angel Eyes for it was to control the bacteria which was the underlying reason for the skin condition , it took a few months but his skin is the best I have ever seen it ... so I would highly recommend this product .
 This product really works . It does n't smell that good and is a little messy . When our dog eats it the powder is spread all over her face . But wow , the tear stains really start disappearing after a week or so of use.Word of warning , it goes fast . We got the biggest bottle and it 's almost gone after about a month or so and we have a 12-pound dog . This is pricey ! But works great !
 Our dog suffered with teary , stinky eyes for years . After one day using Angels ' Eyes in her food , the stink was gone -- just amazing . Sorry we did n't know about this years before .
 I was able to use this product for one week before my bigger dog found the bottle , chewed it open , and licked it all up . However , in that one week of using the product , I noticed my malti-poo , BeBe 's , eyes had began to clear up . I clipped all the reddish brown hair off around her eyes and for a couple of weeks after I had to stop her treatment , it did n't come back . She does have reddish brown stains on her paws , mouth , and anywhere else that her saliva touches so I am ordering some more to truly see if this product works for all areas . She does n't like the taste but she 'll eat it with encouragement , so that 's a bit of a struggle , but she eventually eats it all through the course of the day with a couple of tries . I 'm going to try to mix it into wet food to see if she likes it better . I believe this product works , I just need a more consistent treatment to test it out , this is why I did n't give it a full score .
 I have used Angels ' Eyes since getting my Maltese last April . I experimented with the chicken flavor and the sweet potato flavor . The chicken worked but not as well as the beef . The sweet potato did not work at all and now I am back to the beginning with her eye stains . I was very unhappy about this and wrote to the company twice and received absolutely no response . So , even though they make a good product in the beef flavor of Angels ' Eyes , their customer service is pretty much nonexistent . Thank goodness for the customer service of Amazon . They always come through - others could learn from them !
 Angel Eyes works right away ! After a couple of doses my little dog 's tear stains were disapated and are not visible . It has only been about one month what a difference . I highly recommend this product to anyone .
 We live with a 7 year old Maltese that has a genetic deficency of `` crummy eyes '' . They get crusty and dirty looking and Angels ' Eyes -LRB- make sure you spell correctly or you get to some porn site -RRB- seem to help ease up on the crusty dirty looking problem . `` Try it you 'll like it ! ''
 This is one of the only products that has really worked on eliminating Chrissy 's -LRB- Minature American Eskimo -RRB- tearstains ! I mix it with baby food or applesauce for her in the morning and she LOVES it ! Thank you !
 I have tried several things to alleviate the heavy duty tear stains on my white-faced bulldog . Nothing even made a dent until this . After 2 weeks there is new white hair growth and the staining has markedly diminished . Daisy is on a special no-grain diet and her food has Cranberry , blueberry , and beet pulps . This is great for her tummy -- but produces major tear stains -- very dark rusty red . Angel Eyes is amazing !!! Not only is the staining diminished -- but it has greatly reduced the `` crud '' that accumulates in the folds of a bulldogs face . I will never be without it !!
 We used this on our white cockapoo and the stains started going away within a couple weeks . We have now used Angel 's eyes for four months and are still very pleased with the results . The directions say that you only need to use it a total of nine months , so it 's not something that you 'll need every day for the rest of the dog 's life . I recommend the 240g bottle because you 'll eventually use it all .
 My groomer suggested this product . My poodle 's eyes were always tearing which left stains underneath his eyes . I 've used Angle Eyes less than a month and it has elimated these problems .
 I am very pleased with Angel Eyes . I have been giving it to my little dog for 3 weeks now and I already see a big difference . A good product .
 After using this product , the area around the dog 's eyes is stain-free . The dog does not like it , so we put it in a pill pocket . He weighs only 6 pounds , so I give him half the recommended amount .
 I found this product worked within the first week of use on my Bichon . This product stopped red stains around his eyes and keeps it from coming back . I will definitely make another purchase . Amazon.com has it at a very good price . Thanks !
 angel eyes works great for preventing the dark circles on my maltese . It 's easy to use , and very effective
 This product really does work as advertised . I have two Bichon 's and both dogs eyes stop tearing and the brown disappeared around the eyes and where they lick themselves . Well worth the $ . Best thing is as time progresses , you can use less and less of the product and it still continues to work
 this product works amazingly well!not only did it get rid of my dog 's tear stains , it also got rid of his bad breath -LRB- : the bottle says to add to food or water.my dog would n't drink the water when i added the powder to it.and the only food that i could really add it to was the soft food like pedigree little champions .
 I started using this on Feb. 29 . By March 6 the tear stains were nearly gone ! -LRB- You do have to cut away the old stains to get rid of it completely but nothing new was being formed . -RRB- I have a cockapoo who had extensive eye stains , red paw , and chin stains . I was skeptical of the Angel Eyes but decided to try it after nothing else had worked -LRB- various whitening shampoos -RRB- . I was also leery of using Angel Eyes because of the comments in these reviews about the antibiotic content as well as the cost . My solution to that ? USE LESS ! Instead of the 1 teaspoon requirement , I use about 1/4 . As the stains are COMPLETELY gone now -LRB- it has been about 3 weeks -RRB- I am going to taper off usage to fewer days per week to determine the minimum amount needed to control the stains . My dog is only 3 but she looked like an old dog with those ugly stains . Now she looks like a puppy again . I love this product . Yes it is pricey . But if you control the dose -LRB- it hardly takes any for my medium-sized dog of 25 pounds -RRB- , you can make it last and get your moneys 's worth .
 I have 2 paps . Gorgeous little things . Both right around 3 yrs . old . When they were pups , I went & bought a $ 600 camera to make sure that I captured their growing up . When the teething stage began , well , so did the stains . Ok ... figured things would `` right themselves '' as they matured . - NOPE !! :-LRB- Actually , things got WORSE!I packed them up , & , off to the vet we went . Vet suspected they had conjunctivitis , or allergies perhaps , so ... got prescribed eye drops , which , BTW , did NOTHING to quench the yucky , crusty , salty red stains -LRB- clinical term for it is called epiphora -RRB- . I tried every OTC method imaginable - apple cider vinegar & distilled water water for drinking , plain yogurt -LRB- that red staining in the fur is actually a yeast infection that lives in the hair mixed w/salt that causes the stains ; yogurt w/active cultures works to kill yeast -RRB- , eye wipes , q-tip cleaning w/every kind of hair stain remover out there for dogs ... NOTHING WORKED!I went so far as to then purchase Photoshop to manually edit out the `` yuck '' on both of my dogs faces -LRB- there went another $ 80 or so -RRB- ... I found it to be too time consuming , so , eventually , I put my camera up , & , quit taking pictures altogether . My dogs just looked so hideous , & , in fact , I was quite embarrassed -LRB- reminds me of a teenager hitting puberty , & having acne on steroids -RRB- . I did NOT want to use this product initially . I had read all of this `` bunk garbage '' about how the Tylosin antibiotic was harmful , & not healthy . After much research , & the A-OK from my vet -LRB- who , BTW told me that unless I was dumping gobs of it into their food daily would I have problems due to liver damage -RRB- finally decided , at wits end , to order Angel Eyes.That was around 4 months or so ago . It took a while before I REALLY saw results -LRB- remember though , I have paps , & , cutting damaged hair off as is custom in some breeds , is a no-no since they have real fur vs. actual hair -RRB- . The results of trying this product have astounded me ! Looking back on old pics of my dogs DO NOT resemble how they look now vs. then . Clear eyes , white faces , ... they no longer have to succumb to the face cleanings . Its amazing ! I 'm not even half way through my first bottle ! I sprinkle a minuscule bit over their food maybe every 3-5 days or so , & , gosh , ... they are so much prettier now , & , I would venture to say MUCH happier w/o my having to scrub red crust off of their faces.I think that most folks that have dogs that DO N'T have white faces/masks , really do n't / ca n't understand the frustration that tear stains present , but , to those that DO struggle w/those abysmal stains - give this product a try . I am so glad that I did , the end results are quite pleasant !
 We have a sweet little white maltipoo . Angels Eyes has done a really good job of clearing up those stains under her eyes . We will continue to use this product . It works !
 This truly does work . This sweet potato formula works best for my dog as she has a food allergy to chicken and beef protein . I used this along with Eye Envy in the beginning . The Eye Envy got rid of the stains she already had within one week . Now I just use the Angel 's Eyes and it keeps her from getting tear stains .
 `` I will never go in another pet shop as long as I live '' . Repeat after me . The 4 1/2 month old bichon looked scraggly , underfed , had obvious ear infections and terrible tear stained tracks but ... he needed me . So I whisked him off to our vet , first , and then to our groomer . She said she had read about this product , `` Angel Eyes '' , but had n't used it and could n't imagine that it would work but said that some people online raved about it . I thought `` what the heck '' and ordered some through Amazon . About a week later there was noticeable improvement and at two weeks , the tracks were gone . At Rudy 's second grooming appointment , our groomer could n't get over him . A lot of love , premium food -LRB- Innova Puppy Food , it 's cheaper through Amazon -RRB- , medication for the ears and `` Angel Eyes '' had turned him into a right handsome little fellow . The groomer is now recommending it to all owners of dogs with this problem and so am I. Just add a little to his food -LRB- 1/4 tsp . in Rudy 's case -RRB- and you 're good to go . Rudy loves the taste but then again he loves the taste of EVERYTHING . I did a little research on the ingredients and found that it 's primarily ground liver but also has a very mild antibiotic in it . As the dog grows you go from daily administration to several times a week . Frankly , I 've forgotten his dose a couple of days in a row and his tear stains are still gone . I 've tried external concoctions before for tear stains on previous dogs we 've owned and none of them ever worked . I wo n't be without this product .
 My dog had very bad eye stains , and just like the product claims , within 3 weeks , they were gone ! I really recommend this product , it is worth the price !
 I have just started to use this product but based on the reviews , I assume that it will work on my maltese . I am concerned that I did not get all of the product . The bottle was half full . Wondering if this is the norm ?
 In reading reviews on Angel Eyes my concern was that it made some dogs sick , so I got my Vet 's OK then followed a reviewer 's suggestion of incorporating the product into little meatballs . I made a month 's supply by measuring Angel Eyes into lean ground turkey calculating the number of small meatballs to get the appropriate dosage . -LRB- I used one dosage less than recommended on the bottle -RRB- . I blended it well , baked them and refrigerated a week 's supply , freezing the rest . My bichon loves getting 1 a day as a treat , and the tear stains stopped almost immediately . Although she has a sensitive tummy , there has been no vomiting . I look forward to reducing the dosage eventually to only 2/wk . Great product because it really works !
 We have n't had the product very long , but it appears to be working a little . The claim is that it takes about 2-3 more weeks than Charly the Bichon has been taking it . So far , so good .
 Seem to dry up their eyes fairly well , although I have n't seen the color -LRB- brown stain -RRB- change much yet .
 Angel Eyes worked for our 5lb . Maltese in one month . She has had one haircut since starting Angel Eyes and the staining is gone around her eyes . We are now waiting for one more cut to hopefully get rid of the hair that was stained below her eyes . We are very happy with this product and will continue to use it and tell others about it .
 I have two Bichon Frise 's ; both had stained eyes . Saw less tearing right away and now only use half the recommended amount and have no new tearing streaks . I researched the active ingredient in the product and felt safe giving it to my dogs .
 Very expensive , but a Great product . My blessing is a pound doggy , a dark gray & white Shih Tzu , we 've named Angel -LRB- not because of the product , that was pure irony -RRB- . It is not a cure , in fact , discontinuing use allowed the tear staining to return . However , since I resumed the regiment , her eyes and overall coat is clearly healthy . She us a finicky eater , but this powder is easily accepted . Knowing the product works , when I reordered , I selected the larger size . It appears to have been exposed to some moisture as it is rock hard and has to be chipped apart.Should have compplained and sent it back , but , it still works and this is the first time I 've had a moment to anything . Angel 's eyes are clear . Would love to send the before and after pictures again , they never got posted .
 Our 15 year old Bischon starting having the rust colored stain on his eyes , mouth and on his front paws the last 5 years . We found out about `` Angels ' Eyes Tear Stain Eliminator '' from a Bischon breeder that some of her customers had tried . To my delight , Tippi our Bischon , started showing results in just a few weeks . It is definitely worth the money , providing it does n't go up , after this review ! He looks even more handsome without the staining . Thanks so much for your product.Susan Minnock
 EXCELLENT PRODUCT , I HAVE A MALTESE AND THE FUR AROUND HIS EYES IS ALMOST WHITE , THEY WERE A MESS BEFORE I STARTED ANGEL EYES , I WOULD RECOMMEND BUYING THE BIG BOTTLE ON LINE AND NOT A PET STORE , TO SAVE A LOT OF MONEY . THE BOTTLE LAST A LONG TIME AND IT 'S WELL WORTH IT .
 Hi , Our names are Linus and Schroeder and we are Bichon Frises . This product works miracles . It is a little pricey , but that 's the only complaint our mom and dad have . Everytime we encounter a Poodle , or Maltese they stop to ask how we got rid of our stains and we always recommend this product . The stains were so bad at one point that they were starting to leave sores under our eyes -LRB- OUCH -RRB- , but Angel 's Eyes took them away in about 2-3 weeks . We noticed improvement after 3-4 days . BUY this product ... but leave some for us !!! Sincerely , Linus and Schroeder
 The product really works and my little white poodle now has bright eyes . The only problem with the product is that it is very costly . I bought this product at its lowest price and it was still over $ 50.00 for a small jar . I am retired and that amount is a lot for my husband and myself . Is there some way this product can be reduced to a affordable sum . I am sure more people would buy it if that was the case .
 This was the only product I have found that works . You do need to use it continuously for it to work appropriately . Well worth it if your pup has runny eyes .
 I have a cream-white colored maltipoo . He had a problem with stained , leaky eyes -LRB- they say it is caused by red yeast -RRB- . It would make his face all brown and stained . I tried sooo many topical products that did n't work . I finally found Angel Eyes . This product works from within . You sprinkle it on your dogs food everyday . You 'll see a difference and get so many compliments on your dogs clean face ! No more stains or leaky eyes , just a beautiful white face !
 I have been using this product for over a month on my Shih Tsu/Bishon Mix 1 year old dog . I see a remarkable difference in his eyes , and am pleased with the outcome . I mix it into his food , and he does n't seem to notice it . I will continue using this product !
 I had gone through two of the smaller sized bottles purchased directly from the manufacturer and noticed a big difference in my Shih Tzu 's eye drainage . When I ran out , I was debating on whether to keep up with the Angels eyes because of the expense , but noticed the drainage and tear stains return when she was off of it . The larger bottle is more economical and the price on Amazon was the best I 've found .
 My vet recommended this product and I am so glad that I found it . It worked immediately . My Maltese Lola does n't have the ugly tear stains she used to and also it prevented her paws from turning red when she licks them . I love that I do n't have to fight Lola to put on topical remedies for her tear stains anymore .
 I would give this product a 5 for its effectiveness but I give it a 4 because 1 -RRB- it 's expensive , and 2 -RRB- it does n't provide a permanent solution . If I stop using this product , I am pretty sure that my puppy 's heavy tear stains will come back instantly.Lucky for me , my maltese bichon mix puppy eats practically anything so feeding this to her was n't a problem at all . I noticed that her eye discharge reduced significantly since I started her on this product . She still has some tear stains but way less than before . I wonder if it will completely go away ... I 've only used this product for less than 2 weeks for your information.I have tried Eye Envy prior to this product and let me tell you -- IT DOES NOT WORK . It 's amazing how well people fabricate testimonials . I do n't understand what the powder does anyway . I was wary about the product so I purchased a $ 20 starter kit just for kicks . I use Eye Envy in addition to Angels ' Eyes because hey , I ca n't waste my purchase whether it works or not!Anyway , this product really work but it is COSTLY . I 'm seriously thinking about coloring my puppy to a chocolate creamy brown if they do n't come up with a permanent solution!My only wish is that they reduce the price .
 We have been really impressed with Angel Eyes . Have two Maltese pups who -LRB- had -RRB- pretty involved tear staining issues -LRB- both with the reddish gunky-junk that has a whiff of an odor -RRB- . We are clean freaks and had tried just about everything on the market with ZERO success . We avoided AE because of the price point , but really regretted not taking the plunge a couple of years ago . This product complete eradicated the problem and they both have the prettiest faces ! *** in case your wondering , it 's dehydrated cow liver . Works wonders
 My granddaughter 's Malti-poo had trouble with tear-stains when we first bought him . The vet was surprised that I was able to purchase this product without a prescription and warned us about the daily usage . We use it when the stains show up and stop using it when they disappear ... about a week or two at a time .
 I have a little white poodle with big beautiful eyes that run . He had the worst tear stains . Nothing worked . And I tried everything . We washed his face twice a day . Nothing worked . Untried angle eyes once before and could n't get him to eat it . Now they have a sweet potato flavor that is more acceptable to him . I put it in melted cheese and he loves it . He looks like a normal dog now . No stains at all . I highly recommend this product .
 My Pekeapoo , Bunny , had the worst tear stains under her eyes and all around her mouth . Plus her front feet were stained from licking her dew claws . After using this product , she is white again and so pretty ! I definately recommend this product for those nasty stains !
 I do n't know how this stuff works , but work it does . My white Chi had the darkest stains under her eyes before we started to use it . Stains no more .
 Excellent product and matched all my expectations , I recommend to everyone.Angels Eyes is a medication with great effect and well tolerated by Pets . Definitely worth checking out .
 This product works well . I tried the sweet potato/natural version and it does n't work for my dog . I also checked with my vet to confirm that this was safe because I read some negative comments regarding the safety of using this , but my vet whom I trust implicitly said it was fine .
 The ` beef ' flavor Angels ' Eyes is doing a good job eliminating the brown tear stains from my pet 's eyes . I tried the ` chicken ' flavor and found that it did not do as good a job . Though a friend that has used both flavors told me that they both are doing a good job on their pet 's tear stains .
 Really does the trick in removing / reducing the eye discharge on my Bichon Frise . I think it 's a rather remarkable product since it is so easy to administer ... just a 1/2 teaspoom in his food .
 I have been a hobby breeder for 38 yrs and I have been using thisproduct for the past 4 yrs and it is the ONLY product that worksfor tear staining . Would not try and raise a white dog without it .
 This stuff is absolutely amazing We have a `` Tedddy Bear `` and her eyes would be a brown-streaked mess without this stuff . DO NOT purchase the `` All Natural '' version because it does not work . We have been using Angel Eyes for over 4 years and it only takes very little after using it a while .
 It was amazing how the awful tear stains disappeared from my Toy Poodles eyes !! Easy to use and does what it says . Only problem I found was that I was not able to `` wean '' dog off it w/o stains coming back - he has to stay on it all the time to keep eyes clear .
 This is the only product that has actually removed my dogs ' tear stains . Once use is discontinued , the stains return . Treatment takes months . I would rather use this product in pill form . A little expensive . There are 3 flavors ; chicken , sweet potato , liver . My dogs will not eat the liver flavor . Sometimes the vendors do not offer information regarding the flavor they are offering . I can only buy from vendors who offer a choice of flavors . I have not found another product that works for me .
 My white Bijon was turning pink on her face . After using Angel Eyes a couple weeks and being groomed , she is totally white now . It really works and she likes the taste on her food .
 I was skeptical but this really works . I have a cockapoo who started off golden/apricot as a puppy but is now an off white . The eye drainage was a pain to deal with - to clean and to look at . Now she is sooo cute without those brown stains around her eyes and mouth . I really ca n't believe the difference . I 'm also relieved that she likes the taste . I just hope the price goes down so I can keep it up .
 This is an amazing product . We have a white Bichon and he had terrible staining around the mouth , but after 2 months the stains were gone . The before and after photos prove that it works . Our friends can not believe the positive effects and they are using it now on their dogs .
 This product is amazing ! It got rid of the tear-stains on our white Bichon Frise within a month !
 I bought this in the small bottle to try it out on my dog and after 2 days we noticed the goopy brown eye discharge was gone !! I had to mix it with some canned dog food though , he wouldnt eat it unless I did this . I highly recommend this . I only use half of the dosage too and its working great !!! the package even came with coupons so I can save on my next order .
 This product is fabulous !! I have a malti-poo puppy and she no longer has tear stains on her pretty white face . Just a scoop in her supper meal is all it takes !!
 I have a 14 year old Bichon Frise who was literally turning orange around his eyes and on his paws where he chewed . I heard about this product and decided to give it a try after reading the reviews . Yes , it 's a bit expensive and it took about 40 days to turn him white again but it was well worth it . I have since bought a second bottle and am giving him 1/2 the amount to see if he stays white or starts turning orange again . Too soon to tell .
 My baby boy , a Maltese , came to me as a puppy surviving , his siblings did not , the poison dog food scare . He had horrible stains from the canned food and the poisons . I did n't think it would ever clear up , but my concern was his life at that time . When he reached three months I purchased Angel 's Eyes . After about five weeks I started to notice the hairs close to his eyes were growing out without a stain . The color on his mussel is not from an infection from his eyes , but rather from his eyes watering and keeping a small streak to fur wet and then running and playing out in the woods where dust and dirt collect in the damp fur . He 's healthy now and happy and stain free . This product works . I 'll put up with the damp face collecting a little dust . I do n't think burning the tear ducts is a good idea , so please try this before you take that step .
 Angelseyes is an amazing product -- just a small amount on my dog 's food once a day makes his muzzle snow white -- no more brown stains , no matter what dog food he eats .
 I have been giving Angels ' Eyes to my poodle mix for about a month . I see a huge difference in her tear stains ! I mix it with a spoonful of canned food and a little water and she eats it up !
 We have only been using the product a month but it appears that Tasha 's eyes are clearing up . We adopted a Maltese with `` racoon `` eyes and since using the product , they are 30 % better already.I did n't know who much to order since the directions are not really in the write up . It goes by weight so the larger the dog , or more you have , the bigger the bottle you would need .
 If anyone has a dog that has tear stains or stains on pets feet from licking , then this is the product to use ... My dogs feet were so brown from licking that she looked like she was wearing boots . . They are totally white now ... Her face was a real mess . . She is now cute as a button . . I will never let her look like she did before . . Angel Eyes should be call Miracle Eyes . . You will not be sorry if you try it ... It starts working right away . . Angels ' Eyes Tear-Stain Eliminator for Dogs , 120-Gram Bottle
 We have a dog who had very bad eye stains . We have been using Angel Eyes about two years and it works great . The stains were gone quickly and mataining use with this produst he has no stains two years later .
 Very satisfied with Angel eyes . It completely removed the tears from our Puppies eye 's . Will continue to use this product .
 Our 11-pound dog needs 1/4 tsp or less per day . Works great , and he cleans his bowl every time . The 120 gram bottle is almost empty after 15 months .
 My bichon has had a terrible problem with stains under his eyes for several years . After trying numerous types of drops and wipes , his groomer recommended Angels Eyes . I know it sounds like an infomercial but I was amazing at how effective it is . Although there is still some residual staining -LRB- maybe that subsides after several months of use -RRB- , there is a more significant improvement . In addition to being easy for me to use , it must taste good to him because he eats his kibble without any hesitation after I have put it on the food . He no longer looks like a white raccoon ! I highly recommend you try this product if your pet has problems with staining .
 My , `` Emmie , '' 4 month old puppy 's eyes were constantly draining . We would wipe them all the time . The smell was horrible . She kept a sour face . We did n't want to get close to her . Within one week of using Angel eyes `` No More Tears . '' We all enjoy her now and she is not rubbing her face any more . It really works for those who need it .
 This stuff is the BOMB . My Maltese eyes were so stained it was gross but after using AE 's for about a couple of weeks I noticed a difference immediately . Awesome Stuff ...
 I have a Papillon with an all white face and for years he has had horrible brown tear stains . Since he is a certified therapy dog and makes visits to hospitals and nursing homes , I wanted to get his face cleared up . My vet turned me on to Angel Eyes and I started using it in March of 2008 . Within a couple of months , all the staining had disappeared ! Any staining that is already on the dog when you begin using this product either needs to grow out or be removed with some other method , but once it is gone , no more will return as long as you us this on a regular basis . I used it daily for the first three months , and now only administer it 3 times weekly mixed with a couple of spoons of moist food . It is great and the price on Amazon is amazing ! I was paying $ 70 + for it at my local pet supply store and couldnt believe the price here on Amazon . You will love this product .
 Angels ' eyes really works . I have a Maltese puppy who had a bad tearing stains . I cut the stained hair away . Within a couple of weeks no more stains . I have recommended it to others who have had the same problem .
 I am especially pleased with this product , it works extremely well . I highly recommend it . And the customer service I have received from Amazon.com is excellent .
 I have a 10 month old purebred Bichon Frise . Only one of her eyes waters a little . The watering began when she was teething and loosing her baby teeth . Any watering on a pure white dog will stain no matter how much you clean it.I gave the lowest recommended dose to her on top of her food . Her appetite did not change . -LRB- However , the powder does get in her hair - which Bichons have a lot of , so I will sprinkle a little water on top to make it stick to the food better . -RRB- After 2 months and 2 monthly hair trims -LRB- which is a must for Bichons -RRB- , my babies eyes are BOTH white now . I am starting to give this to her every other day and try to wean her off of it . So far , the stains have not come back.BEFORE giving this to your dog I would recommend the following
 Although cost was never a real issue , I almost choked when I saw the price of Angel 's Eyes . And the shock was compounded by knowing it was n't a permanent solution but something my white minature poodle OLIVER would always have to take if I wanted bright , clean & clear eyes . I thought long and hard before buying that first tiny $ 32 . bottle at the pet store . It only contained about 2 weeks of treatments , but none of the topical products had worked . Name it , I 'd tried it ... . I changed to a food without beets , cranberries , or blueberries . I only gave him bottled water as recommended by another poodle owner . I washed his face morning and night and kept applying products that promised to make his eyes diamond clear . The stain was so dark and permanent it certainly looked as if his eyes were bleeding down each side of his nose.I ca n't say enough about this wonderful product and buy it in the largest possible size so I 'm never without . Oliver is down to 3 times a week and it keeps that nasty red yeast away . It only took a few days to see the new growth around his eyes and by the end of the first week , I was able to carefully clip most of the stain away . It 's been 2 months and Oliver 's eyes sparkle . It 's processed in a powdered liver base so there was very little problem getting him to accept it . I think I mixed a little grated cheese in the first week but he does n't hesitate anymore , and he only eats dry food.Great product and great company .
 I do n't usually take the time to write a review on products but I had to write one for Angels Eyes . I have a 7lb Shih Tzu w / all white fur around his face and this product has worked wonders.We got him at 12 weeks and the staining was really bad . I did not start using this product until he was 9 months old because I thought maybe he was just teething and it was causing the staining . I used Angels Eyes for 2-3 weeks before I actually saw a difference . I was happy that it worked but disappointed that there was still some staining . I have now used it for 2 months and the red staining is gone completely -LRB- after cutting the old fur away -RRB- . He still tears when he 's running around playing and his whiskers and fur is wet around the nose and mouth but there is no red color . He also has no problem eating the Angels Eyes if it 's mixed in w / some canned food .
 This product does work very well , that is why I was disappointed when my dog started vomiting after two weeks of using this stuff . I guess his system could not digest it . His vomit was filled with this stuff . When he first started vomiting I stopped giving him Angel 's Eyes and the vomiting stopped . I gave him Angel 's Eyes again and after a few days he started vomiting again . It is too bad it makes him sick , because it works very well . UPDATE
 I was a little leary of this product , after all , I had tried all the topical ointments and nothing worked . But I am thrilled with this product . Although the directions indicated it might takes weeks to see an improvement I noticed a big difference in just a week . My dogs eyes are n't as runny and after I took him to the groomers and had his hair trimmed the brown tear stains are all gone and have not returned ! Also , it has n't affected him eating his food either . My dog is finicky so I was concerned he might notice the taste and not eat it when I added it to his food . But it either has no taste or tastes good cuz he still eats his food without a problem . This product is worth trying !
 I have been using Angels Eyes with my Maltese for over a year now . It really works . I agree that it is expensive , but it is the only thing I have found that not only eliminates tear stains , but actually seems to whiten the coat overall . I tried a competitive product with a very similar name but it was less palatable . As it is , I hide Angels Eyes in a tiny bit of canned food and my Maltese does n't even notice . I am also at a point where just a teeny pinch maintains dry eyes and white coat . It took a couple of weeks for AE to work , but it has never stopped working . Buy this product and you will not be disappointed !
 At first I thought this product was too expensive but the benefits are wonderful ; my little dog had the worst red staining under her eyes and the first Angel Eyes I bought at a local pet store ; it takes over a month before you see a difference but it really works ; now I only have to give it to her 3 times a week ; I mix it with a very small amount of canned dog food ; this was the best price I found on the internet .
 I have been using this product on our white dog for over a year . It keeps her eyes from staining and she looks beautiful !!!
 I ca n't say enough about this product . My dog 's eye and mustachestains cleared up within three weeks of using this product . My dogis silver in color and he looks so much happier without the brownstains from tearing eyes . I highly recommend this product .
 I have been using Angel Eyes on my Bichon Frize and he no longer has the ugly stains around his eyes . The product works great and he just loves it on his food . If your pet has stains around their eyes , Angel Eyes willdefinitely help .
 120 grams of Angels Eyes Tear Stain Remover and FREE MEASURING SPOONWe have been using Angel Eyes for about 2 months and the tear stains around our Bichon 's eyes are almost gone . She looks so much better and it has not caused any allergy problems for her . It must taste good because she eats the canned food I mix it in just as fast as before I started adding the Angel Eyes . I think this is a great product .
 This product works wonders for my shih tzu . Even with surgery to open up her tear ducts , she still continued to form junk around her eyes and face . Now we have about 85 % less problem when using Angel Eyes .
 Angels ' Eyes Tear-Stain Eliminator for Dogs , 120-Gram BottleThis is an amazing product . It works quickly . Our friends are using it now on their dogs .
 Great product but you must be patient and give it time to work . Follow the instructions and you will be happy !!!!!!!!!!!!
 i 've been giving Angel Eyes to my Shih-Tzu-Poodle Melo for about a 2-3 months . He was getting the brown around the eyes and the mouth and not looking like he used too . My groomer suggested it , said it was too much iron in their saliva . And now he looks like a pup again ! Cute as a button ! Totally recommend it !!!!
 Our Shi Tzu had brown stains on her face hair . Was told of Angwl Eyes , so tried it . Per directions , is not fast-acting . But persisrted per directions , and new hair grew out snowy white ! Very pleased .
 Having a Peke-A-Tese , my Nigel was plagued with red around his eyes , beard and feet . The dog 's saliva and tears is what causes the staining . We had been using Angels ' Eyes Tear-Stain Eliminator for about six months and all red had disappeared completely . Worked like a miracle . He was pure white as he should be ... but we have been over 6 months now without using it and the red has come back . So we are back on a maintenance program with him . Angel 's Eyes is a powder and since we feed our dog dry food I use Greenies Pill Pockets to mix the powder in . Nigel then eats small pieces that I break off as a treat . This stuff works really well . Word to the wise
 I purchase Angel Eyes thinking it wo n't work ! BUT to my amazement it did !!! I have a Malti-Poo and he had terrible staining along the tear ducks of his eyes ... I used Angel Eyes for about four weeks and have seen such an improvement !!! I am very happy and will continue to use the product ... . It was worth it !!! Thanks
 We have a 1 1/2 year old Havanese who is about 10 lbs and almost all white . We tried everything to get rid of his really bad tear staining
 At first I was very hesitant to try this product . It is n't sold in all states , and some pet stores -LRB- Pet Smart -RRB- do not carry it . The explanation I was given for this is that it actually does have an antibiotic in the product . After getting over my initial fears about this product , I decided to give it a try . I have been giving Angel Eyes to my Bishon Frise on top of the dogs food for a month and her red stains are getting much smaller . Soon I will be lowering her dose as directed . There are a few additional steps that I would recommend to anyone who has a dog with red stains by the eyes . The stains could be from food allergy . Try a food without wheat . The ph of the water could be part of the problem so add a little bit of white vinegar to the dogs water bowl . Use only stainless steel bowls for food and water as this will help reduce bacteria growth . It may be necessary to do only one of the steps , but you may need to do them all . So if one alone does n't work , add at least an additional step to the regimen.As an additional note my dog loves the powder , and waits for me to put it on before she will even start eating her food . I have two bichons and the other one wants the Angel Eyes also -LRB- he does not have tear stains -RRB- .
 So far the Angel Eyes seems to be working . The stains are n't all gone yet but he does n't have that build up that kept re-occuring . I do have trouble getting the little monkey to eat it but I think I should just mix it in something . It is n't that he dislikes the taste , it seems to fall off the dry dog food and stick to the bottom of the bowl .
 This product is wonderful and works ! The tear-stains are no more once you use this product . Only one more word to say and that 's `` Wow '' !
 I have tried MANY different products to try and solve the red tear stain problem and this is the first product that I can say truly works . It does not stop the tearing , but there is not a red stain to it . My beagle is a lemon and white and has a white face . For years she has had the red tear stains and I have tried product after product and then I tried Angels ' Eyes . Within a month the stains were gone ! She looks years younger ! I have been able to reduce the amount to the maintainance dose and it is still working fine . She got tired of the taste and we have to mix it with gravy , but it is worth it ! Great product !
 Great product . I have white dogs -LRB- 4 -RRB- 1lbs . This takes care of the eye stains . I give them less than the regular dose 3 times a week and it works great .
 I have 2 Yorkshire Terriers and one gets terrible tearing stains . I give this to them over a few days and it goes away completely from their faces . Whenever I start to see the tearing again then I start giving it to them for a few days so I do n't have to use it all the time which makes it last a little longer . I can mix it with their food or they will eat it just plain in their bowls so they like the taste . I have tried a few other products but they never worked like this so I will continue to use .
 After a few weeks using Angel eyes in our dog 's food , you can see a difference . The dark stains under her eyes are much lighter and smaller . I am hoping that with continued use , the stains will go away for good .
 This product works great -LRB- if you can remember to use it -RRB- ! Luigi the yorkie has had excellent results .
 it really does work !!!! I have a 1 year old maltese and his name is Prince . We started the angels eyes product on August 1st and in one month there is no more tear stains under his eyes ... If we would have known that this product did REALLY work we would have bought the biggest size . Now I am reordering the gigantic bottle . Prince loves the taste of the angels eyes , . . We put 1/4 teaspoon in his food once a day . By October we will be down to adding to his food twice a week ... . So my advice is to just order the big container from the start because , `` IT REALLY DOES WORK ! '' VICKI FROM WEEKI WACHEE FLORIDA
 I have been using this product for 3 months now , and it cleared my dog 's -LRB- Maltese -RRB- eye up tremendously . I love this product and would recommend it to anyone who has dogs with ongoing tear stain issues ... It really does work !
 I have had dogs for many years and many types of dogs . I really dislike any discoloration from tearing even if the dog is not white . Finally I found a product that does the job by simply adding a small amount to the food . It does take about a month for the results to show but it really does work . Also helps with discoloration around the mouth . Love it !!
 After trying topical cleaners on my Bichon/Poodle mix , with no results , I tried Angel 's Eyes . After several weeks , the staining stopped . After the hair grew out , and was trimmed , she looked snow white ! We 've begun the maintenance doses , so the bottle lasts longer . She gets just a tiny bit of non-staining `` crust '' by her eyes . It wipes off . She does n't squint anymore either . I sprinkle it on her kibble and and she seems to like the taste . I highly recommend this product ! I was skeptical , but it WORKS !
 Excellent product . My dogs are extremely picky eaters and would only consume the powder by itself , not mixed into anything . Cleared up both dogs using one container -LRB- this size -RRB- and the yeast has yet to return one year later . I 'd call that a cure ! Very nice to have clean white faces .
 Angel Eyes may be a bit on the expensive side , but you get what you pay for . I 've paid less for eye stain removal products , but they did n't work , so it was like throwing away money . Angel Eyes does the job . Some people complained that their dogs disliked the taste . I followed a suggestion that another customer made and added it to small meat balls that I just slipped into the microwave . After Sadie got use to the taste , I can now put it on anything she eats . -LRB- Thanks to this site , I got a great suggestion -RRB- . After the eye stains were gone , I was able to drop the dosage down to once a week to keep her clear . If I notice the stains reappearing , I just increase the dosage . Thanks Angel Eyes for making my little Sadie even more beautiful .
 Angels ' Eyes appears to be working as promised for my 2yr . old Havanese . I have been adding this product to my dogs ' food for approx . one month and the staining is getting less noticable ! I will continue to use this great product and would highly recommend it for any breed for which eye staining is a problem . Thank you .
 This product works just like it says . I use it on my Maltese and Bichon and they look so much better without those nasty eye stains . I just mix it in their food once a day . So much easier than trying to fight them to clean the nasty stuff off their eyes , which never seems to clean them anyway .
 This product is wonderful . I have 3 Maltese and without this their eyes are all stained .
 I have a Maltese and she gets the stains really bad . I started using this and after a couple of weeks she looks completely different ! It works and I would recommend this for anyone .
 I love this product . It works . You do have to keep using it on and off , but when the symptoms flair up , nothing works as well .
 The product reallly works great but the company sent liver when I asked for chicken . Our dog does not like that flavor as well and it stains her chin area .
 Angel Eyes is the best product for removal of tear stains . It is easy to use and the results are fantastic .
 I have purchased Angels Eyes at our local agriculture store for about a year and a half . I love this product for our Bishon who gets red stains around his eyes and around his mouth . It works terrific ! My true purpose for commenting however , is how much more reasonably priced it is with Amazon ! It has really made a difference when deciding where to buy it and it arrives quickly .
 My little Maltese had a really bad tear staining issue but Angel Eyes works great if I am consistant with it . I reccommend it for dogs with this problem .
 This product works really well.Our white Havanese no longer has any tear staining after using this product . I hide it in a small amount of wet dog food , and he eats it without a fuss . -LRB- We tried sprinkling it on his dry dog food first , but that did n't work as well . -RRB- We asked our vet about the product , and she told us it was completely safe .
 Omg . It 's really workingAt beginning I was skeptical about this product but review was amazing so I try and lovedI have 2 mini poodle and they lov em and no more worry about nasty tear stain . Looks great and works like miracleEvery dog owner should hav this . Go click now get the big bottle for ur lovely dog5STAR product
 Works great , have 4 Maltese and a Poodle and all there eyes are clean because of the angle eyes , glad it comes in large quanity .
 I have been buying this at the vets for $ 28.50 for 30 grams . I find it on here $ 33 and change for 120 grams . What a deal and did my jaw drop . I notice such a diffrence in my dogs eyes . Dont have that messy goppy eyes . When I ran out and was not able to use it for a few days , I did notice a huge diffrence . This stuff is so worth it . You will love it love it love it . No more stains and helps a bunch with the drainge in the eyes . I just put it in some wet food and that is all and 120 grams should last me 2 months . Try it you will not be disapointed at all . But remember to give it like 2 weeks to see a diffrence and a full month for a complete diffrence .
 if you have a white or light color cat or dog you 'll appreciate this product . it actually works to stop the eye and mouth stains . just follow the directions on the bottle . i had purchased a similar product from petsmart months ago and it did not work . when i went to return it with receipt in hand-they said they were aware of the problem but would only give me store credit . they did not have a satisfactory reply as to why they carry it instead of angels eyes .
 We have bought this product before and were glad to see it was on Amazon with a larger quantity and a smaller price . It works great . In fact , I use much less than the directions say for my 15lb . dog . Even the water stains below the mouth have disappeared . We are not fond of the beefy smell , however . Otherwise , we are pleased.cj
 I sprinkle it in my yorkie 's dry food , add a little water & he loves it - I guess that flavor just does it for him ; sure keeps his runny eye stains at bay .
 my little schnauzer had dark brown lines from his eyes down his face . it looked terrible . I tried angel eyes and it works . it worth the money . the dog loved the taste in his food too .
 I defensively recommend this product . Mercedes has no more tear stains & Benz now has slight signs just after two weeks .
 I have a light coat shih tzu and he used to have raccoon eyes all the time ! He has been using this for about 3-4 weeks and I can see improvement . I am confident it will get better . I would recommend Angels ' Eyes to other dog lovers.The deliver was quick too ... smooth transaction . Will buy from them again . Thank you !
 Having two Westies , I was always cleaning their eyes and not doing a very good job of it . I heard about Angel Eyes and tried it . They love it too . However , I recently tried the sweet potato flavor and it does not seem to work as well as the other flavors . Overall , their eyes are stain free and other hair on their bodies like the middle of their back and around the mouth are much whiter than before . I will always be an Angel Eyes customer .
 This product works very well on our pure white Maltese , Sophia . You actually do n't need as much as described on the packaging , We just sprinkle a light dusting on her breakfast once a day . The 120 gram bottle should last for years . We 've had no problems with staining since using the product . Of course if your dog has staining it will take some time for the hair to grow out . Just clip the hair as it grows until the stains are removed .
 I originally purchased this product from valuepetsupplies.com . It is the same price as on Amazon . I have a 70lb . goldendoodle . I called the company to get the correct dosage for his size . They said 2 teaspoons . My dog is a picky eater so he does not like the taste . I have to mix it with wet food . It does work . I had him on it last year and the stains around his eyes and mouth went away . They came back this year , so I started the regimen again . Please follow the directions provided . You do not leave your dog on this drug forever for tear stains as stated in some of the reviews . If you do , your dog can develop a resistance to it and then it will no longer work . It does work if you follow the dosage and timeline on the label .
 I really recommend this product . I was kind of skeptical at first , but I 've noticed a difference in my dogs eyes . There brighter and even look healthier . The stains have gradually disappeared and my dog absolutely loves it .
 When my dog was a puppy , he had little raccoon eyes due to tear staining . He is white/tan so it was noticeable . I saw this product on an ad somewhere and was hesitant about it working , but it did ! You just add a small scoop of the product onto the food and that 's it . After a month or so the tear staining dramatically decreased . I used it continuously for a few months and the staining is completely gone . That was 5 years ago and I stopped using the product his 1st year and no more stains till this date !
 We have a new puppy and she has had the worst looking tear stained eyes . Heard about Angel Eyes from a friend who said it worked great on her little dog . I decided to give it a try , Angel eyes worked on our little girl who is pure white in 2 days !!! This product is wonderful ! She looks great ! Thanks to Angel Eyes , I am so happy that I found this product . Amazon has great info on this product and fast shipping !!! Thanks again !! You made my puppy an Angel eye girl !
 I am so pleased with angle eyes as this is my seconed year of useing it on my dog -LRB- bishion frise -RRB- I find I only need to give it to her 2 to 3 times a week now so it lasts for ages . i stopped useing it at 1 time for a few weeks just to see what happened and her eyes started to stain again so thats how I know it works .
 Angel 's Eyes really works ! In just a few weeks all the stains were gone from my bichon 's face . I mix the powder with some peanut butter and water and he loves it !
 Does an excellent job in significantly reducing tear stains . I find I have to use it more often than recommended on my bichon .
 Very promt delivery -LRB- Easy seeing it was not by Royal Mail !! -RRB- Tried many products for tear staining over the years but this one really does what it says .
 This is amazing product . It really works . I have never wrote a review before but I decided to do it because I purchased so many product before and all it did was waste my money . And I have a suggestion about how to be sure they take the medicine . Every morning I put a spoon of this product into a cereal with just a little milk so I can mix it . My dog love it . Every morning she pushes her dish until I give her cereal . Her eyes and around her mouth is totally white again . She is a white Bichon.ps.I gave this product to my dog about 3 years ago only one big bottle until finish . Her eyes were clear for all this time . This last Christmas around her eyes and mouth started to get stain again . I purchased the product again and in about a month already and she is white again .
 Angels eyes work as advertised . At first I was skeptical - but after putting the prescribed amount on our pet 's dog food . Ta-Da , the stuff really works .
 I used angels ' Eyes in my dogs food for about a month or so . And the stains under her eyes isgone . Her eyes look so much nicer . My husband and I are so happy we tryed angels ' Eyes on our dog Foxy . She so pritty we will continue to use angels ' Eyes.Kathy Riendeau
 My advice is buy this , you will see it actually works ! The other wipes , drops and all the stuff on the market to `` treat '' this is junk . This product is made of ingredients that work because it 's taken internally . It goes on their food . They like the taste too . You add it to food daily , gradually decrease as you see the stains disappear , then you use just once in a while to keep the staining from returning . When I see a dog with a tear stained face I always mention this product . If dog owners just knew they could make those stains go away this easy they would buy this .
 This product is amazing ! I 've been using it for 3 years now and always have it on hand . I have a certain line of dogs that always have teary eyes and a couple that just get allergies . Within a couple days of using this I can already see a difference .
 This product does work . Be sure to follow the directions . Price Shop for this product . A lot of places charge way too much . Amazon is a good place to shop for it . Buy the 240 gram size seems to be the most economical .
 I have 2 chihuahuas that had bad staining because of their over-sized eyes -LRB- LoL -RRB- . But really , if you stay consistent and give this to your dog every day , you will be satisfied with the results . I got the beef flavor the first time and I do n't care for the smell of it . I 'm sure the dogs do n't care . The chicken flavor is much more acceptable ... hardly any smell . My preferred way of giving it to them is to put 1/4 can dog food in a bowl and mix it up . These are the small cans usually around 50 cents . I also sprinkle some over their hard food in the bowl in case I forget one day . Be patient ... it takes up to 5 weeks like the directions say , but it does work . And as a bonus , my one dog had really foul breath even after teeth cleaning at vet , but after only one week of using this , her breath is sweet and fresh ... amazing !
 This really works well for my poodle . Her eyes are dryer and her face is n't dark . I always give it to her with her dinner .
 Have a Himalayan with very flat face and watery eyes . This product really helps to stop tearing and staining . Finally , something that works !
 If you love your pet and want to eliminate the unsightly brown stains this is the only product that lives up to its claims.I 've tried different products that claim they will remove the stains and prevent them from returning but this is the only product that works as promised.I 've tried different sprays to remove stains and they did n't work ... Be patient it takes a few weeks for the full affect but you will notice a change in as little as 10 days .
 I was a little skeptical of trying this stuff , but after trying it and seeing the results I 'm sold ! We 've used Angel 's Eyes since 2006 whenever our white Malti-poo 's eyes get stained up . A week or so of treatment and his eyes are back to looking good . Do n't waste your money on buying the pet store remedies -LRB- i.e. wipes and other solutions -RRB- , pick up some Angel 's Eyes , you wo n't be disappointed !
 I am very happy with the product . It has completely eliminated the stains around her eyes . The product arrived in a very timely manner .
 What an amazing product . Our poor little Maltipoo had dark , wet , spots under both her eyes all the time . After skeptically reading about about various products , this sounded like something that would be easy to try . After adding the Angel Eyes powder to her food , 3 days later we noticed her eyes were no longer wet ! We have trimmed her face and removed the discolored hair around her eyes and the dampness and discoloration have not returned . We will be ordering more ! If you have a similar problem with your dogs eyes , do not hesitate to try this product ,
 I have a Maltese that had tear stains for all of his life and for the life of me I could n't figure out why . I started using Angel Eyes and within 2 weeks the stains started going away . He did n't even notice it was on his food so he ate it right up . I was very skeptical at first but I have to say I am truly a believer in this one .
 very good product does just what it says it will do , which is just great will recommend and use again
 I bought this product for my white long hired chihuahua puppy . Within 3 weeks I saw a noticeable improvement . it has now been 6 weeks and she has no red staining at all . I was concerned because of her age and the fact she was only 3lbs . but she did great with it . I would recommend this product to anyone who has a white dog .
 This product works wonderfullly . I had just given my toy poodle a bath and shaved his face when I started using Angels ' Eyes and from that point on he 's not had any tear stains . It 's a great product and I will keep using it .
 I am absolutely amazed at the results of Angel Eyes.My puppy 's face was black from being tear stained daily.After using the product her face is now perfectly clean an beautiful.I was told that by giving her distilled water only it would help . It certainly worked for me !! However my Vetinarian questioned the ingredient `` Tylosin as tartrate '' that it might not be good-so please check that out . Enjoy our beloved animals . Didi .
 This is an amazing product . My white cockapoo had ugly dark heavy tear stains that I could not wash off . I have used this product for a month now . Her hair has grown out enough that I have been able to cut away all the old stains . She now has a beautiful white face . You have to use it every day on their food . I forgot one day after three weeks and she had the beginning of the stain the next morning . My vet did not know about this product but the cockapoo breeder told me about it -LRB- and she is a vet too -RRB- so I feel good about using it .
 The only product that has worked on my 9 month maltese !!!! No more ugly eye Stains !!!!!!
 I tried Angel Eyes for my dogs with very good luck . All seems to be responding and their eyes are showing improvement after only two weeks .
 I am completely impressed with the Angel Eyes product . I have 2 dogs , a Pekingese and a Pekapoo . I sprinkled a teaspoon of Angel Eyes in each one of my dog 's food bowl daily starting on 01/10/08 and I saw results within two weeks . I am still using the Angel Eyes daily , as indicated on the bottle . I would strongly recommend this product to any one who has a dog with tear stained eyes . Take it from me , I have used several other tear stain products - some were very messy , while others could cause damage to the pets eyes if you were not careful.Thanks Angel EyesPhuggie and Dakota -LRB- Dogs -RRB-
 This is one product that more than lives up ti its claims . My dog who has had brown , weeping eyes for 11 years now has a totally white face . I am more than satisfied .
 I have been using Angel Eyes on my dog for the past 2 months and I have seen a great improvement . She is begining to look like her old self once again as the rust colored stains are disappearing . It 's a great product and she loves it too . It is so easy to use . Just sprinkle it on the food .
 I could see results for my dog 's left eye in 3 days !!! The other eye had been worse and took about 2 weeks , but this had been going on forever !! This product truly is amazing .
 We have Maltese dogs and have always had a problem with the dark excretion around their eyes . Someone suggested this product to us , and we started using it as soon as it came . What a difference - we do n't have to wipe their eyes every day . They look so much better .
 I purchased this product for my 2 year old Pomeranian . Naturally , I was a bit skeptical . I 've been using the product for about 2 months now.WOW , we started noticing a drastic decrease in tears within a couple of days . It just got better and better and does appear to be working ! Pomeranians are notorious for always being teary and the stains that trailed down to his cheeks are practically completely gone . He might have a little bit of salt looking crusty here and there but just in the corners of his eyes , about like when we wake up after a little sandman visit , but that is really it . I give him the recommended dose on the bottle and so far it 's been working great and he does not even seem to notice it sprinkled in his food . I am very happy with the results and will continue to use it as suggested . Fighting with him to let me wipe around the eye area with the tear stain removal liquids was a pain , sprinkling a little Angel 's Eyes once a day on his food is a pleasure . It sure made believer 's out of our house-hold .
 I recently purchased a small bottle of this product to help with my pets tear stained eyes , I was n't expecting the results that I got . It has realy worked well , no more brown pet stained eyes for my precious baby . I will be purchasing this product from now on , and forget about those so-called tear stain removing cloths.Melissa LSouth Carolina
 This is the only product that I 've tried that actually works to eliminate all tear stains from my white maltese dog . It works only if used consistently , but even a little goes a long way . I highly recommend use of this product .
 This is awesome ! I honestly did n't believe it would work on my 9 month old Bichon-Poodle mix . The worst , most horrendous looking stains are completely gone ! This happened within only one week of use . Unbelievable - a great product and true to its claims . Our dog 's eyes still get moist with tears but no rust colored stains . None ! If your dog has tear stain problems , Angels ' Eyes is the way to go - it works .
 My wife and I realized we could n't stop the `` tears '' of our Maltipoo from staining her face , but we did n't stop looking for a `` cure '' . And I found Angel Eyes !! It 's easy to use and it WORKS . I 'd recommend this product to any one who has a dog with a `` tear stain '' problem .
 This product is amazing . I have been looking for a product that can remove the tear stain for my toy poodle . I have tried so many products and the stain just keep on coming back . So far since I bought this product , the tear stain is getting less and less . You wo n't be disappointed with this product . Try it .
 It 's really hard to keep a Bichon 's face clear.This product is really good and she loves it.We also give her Liver Biscotti which are low calorie , small , dry , crunchy bits from Golly Gear -LRB- -LSB- ... -RSB- -RRB- . We also use Synergy Groomer 's Shampoo -LRB- available on Amazon -RRB- . I tried to attach a video but the format was not compatable : - -LRB-
 I was very skeptical of this product working , but having tried everything else and being truly desperate I gave it a shot , WOW what a miracle . After three weeks not a sign of stain . I 'm now a true believer .
 This really works . I have an 18 month old cavalier and I have tried everything to stop the red stains . . I 've used peroxide to remove them and wound up with smeared red stains . . At a show a lady said you have to work from the inside out and recommended Angel eyes . . That was in July after a month my dogs tearing has stopped . . I am trilled I now have great pictures of a clear faced dog . . I recommend it to everyone !! My pictures are like the before and after you see in ads ...
 This is the only product that has eliminated the staining on my Bichons . Their eyes and mouths are stain free .
 I have a Malti-Poo who is prone to the dark , ugly tear stains that distracted from her beautiful black eyes . This product is the only thing that works ! Forget the topical stuff , it does n't work and she hates it ! This is easy to use and very effective .
 I have a white Maltepoo . She had awful brown tear stains and brown staining around her mouth . A friend suggested I try Angels ' Eyes . I do n't know exactly how it works but it does . My dog has a white face now all the time , not just after she 's been groomed . The product is easy to use and she likes the taste . I recommend the product and have turned my groomer onto it as well .
 My Bichon 's white hair was turning black with licking . This almost immediately lightened and then almost entirely resolved .
 I am very pleased with the Angel eyes . I noticed a little difference in six days . Later I started to notice a big difference around my dog 's eyes . I have a toy Bischon , and she has always had a lot of problems with staining around her eyes and down the face . Angel eyes seems to be taking care of this problem . I rated the purchase a four star because the bottle was half full . I contacted the seller and they stated the reason was because of change of the bottles . I think they should show some type of notation on the bottles are being sold .
 I have a toy poodle , Pollie that always had tear stains and goo in her eyes . The stains are gone and most of the goo is gone . She still gets some crust on the inside of her eyes but I would say this part is at least 90 % less then it used to be . I have told many people about this product becuase the benefits are great ! My girl is a picky eater so I put it in a table spoon of canned food , she ca n't wait to take it , and we call it her treat . I did have to cut down on her dry food some because with the little canned food daily she put on a little weight . Now that she is on maintenance I have been able to bring her dry food back to its normal level . When I first tried it I purchased the smallest bottle , but now I take advantage of the saving but purchasing the largest bottle . It saves on the per ounce charge as well as the shipping.Pollie 's mom .
 This is one of the BEST product I have used for my dogs!It has really made a huge diffrence in their tear drop stains . GREAT PRODUCT !!
 Wow - really did n't think Angel Eyes would work . I have a beautiful little maltese 4 month old puppy that had a horrible red stain between and under her eyes . It made her cute little face look terrible . I tried the tear stain wipes and was using them on a regular basis , but they did not help . I read about Angel Eyes on the internet and really thought that it would be a hoax . I did everything that others had suggested . I waited until she was asleep and using a magnifying glass made sure that I cut all the hair that could be in her eyes . I also changed her food . I was giving her Eukanuba , which after reading the label , found has beet pulp in it and therefore , changed to Wellness . I received Angel eyes and Sadie turned her nose up at it , so I did as someone suggested and made tiny meatballs , adding the correct amount of Angel Eyes to each one . They were so simple because all I had to do was throw one in the microwave for 20 seconds and it was done . She absolutely loved them and I had no problem getting her to eat them . Within one week I noticed the tears drying up and in turn the red color was disapprearing . I also started using a herbal tear stain remover and did have to cut away a few of the really red hairs . I received Angel Eyes on 3/3/08 and as of today , 4/5/08 her little face is perfect . She has a beautiful white face and Angel Eyes is worth every penny . I am now using it every other day . I am one of the most skeptical people alive when it comes to purchasing a product on the internet and generally will not go by someone else 's reviews because I always assume the company put someone up to writting a good review . I do n't know if this product works for everyone , but it sure worked for me . Now when people look at my little Sadie , they can see the beautiful little girl she is .
 This product started showing results in about three weeks . There is no more staining , and only a small amount of the dark matter every few days . Very good product .
 HiMy little bichon , use to have such dark stains under her eyes , on her bottom and under her mouth.I was told about Angel Eyes and after one bottle , she has no more orange stains.I just mix it into her food . I really think she feels better and has energy now , finally at age 7.5 years.Thank you for such a great product !! Celine
 Absolutely LOVE this product . It is amazing ... my maltese went from very stained eyes -LRB- all the way down the side of his face -RRB- , and stained mouth to almost completely gone and the little bit that is there , is so unnoticeable ! . Angels eyes is oh , so worth it . I actually bought the small bottle to try out and loved it so much , that I purchased the large bottle the second time .
 I have a white Shih Tzu that came to me with tear stains all the way down into her `` beard '' . I tried wipes and topical liquids with no success . The only outcome was she ran when I got close to her face . I tried Angels Eyes supplement and by her next hair cut -LRB- about 3 weeks -RRB- her face was completely clean and stays that way with a teaspoon of product in her food each day . She 's much happier now that I 'm not messing with her eyes all the time and has quit flinching when I get near her face . Good Job , Angels Eyes .
 Do n't ask me how , but it works ! Our puppy had very bad weeping from both eyes which has stopped since we started using Angel Eyes .
 I received the product before actually expected it . My puppy no longer has stains are no longer present . I will continue to use this product for the life of the dog
 I have a 14 year old Bichon Friche . I have tried many products over the years to keep his fur white by his eyes . I kept coming back to Angels ' Eyes , but I always went to pet stores or on-line pet sites . Why did n't I think of Amazon sooner ? Now I can get a great product at a great price !
 Arrived promptly and as described . Seems to help with the tear staining but doesnt quite eliminate the stain yet . Hopefully i will see more improvement after the next grooming .
 Love this product . Angel Eyes eliminated the rust spots from my dogs eyes . Given once a day it works like a dream .
 I have tried other products to stop the tear stains on my white puppy . Angel Eyes is the only product that has worked and my vet feels it is fine to give to my dog .
 My Siberian husky looks so much better now that she do n't have those drip stains coming off both of her eyes . I love this stuff .
 I purchased this about 3 years ago when after antibiotc treatment my shihtzu developed those horrible reddish brown face stains . They just dont go away with regular trims so I found this product and thought why not try it ? Best money I spent . within 2-3 months of using daily her stains were gone and she looked bright and fresh again . I took about 6 months off from using and when stains where starting again got her back on it and they are gone . I do rotate like that with the product , I guess you could just keep the dog on it but why if they do n't need it for a period of time . I keep this on hand.I highly recommend it.just use it as instructed , daily for results , you will get them .
 I have a 6 month old WHITE english bulldog . She had terrible tear stains . I tried just about all the wipes and powders and nothing worked except this . She is supposed to get one teaspoon everyday but I give her 1 teaspoon 3-5 times a week . You wouldnt believe the difference ! Her tear stains arent only gone but the hair by her eyes are dry and white as normal . Also , this is the CHEAPEST anywhere for this product . PetCo has the same 120 ox bottle for $ 120 ! This is a bargain . Also , I use them together with Mal-A-Ket wipes -LRB- 1-2 a week -RRB- . They are also excellent for tear stain removal .
 Angel Eyes is a great product . I have tried many products to remove the tear stains on my small dog . They do n't work . Angel eyes is heaven sent . Works really well .
 -LSB- THIS PRODUCT REALLY WORKS I HAVE USED IT FOR 45 DAYS AND I SEE A DRAMATIC DIFFERENCE IN MY SHIH TZU JUST ABOUT ALL THE STAINING AROUND HIS EYES IS COMPLETELY GONE . I HAVE TRIED MANY OTHER PRODUCTS BUT THE RESULTS WERE ALL TEMPORARY . I HIGHLY RECOMMEND THIS PRODUCT . THANKS . -LSB- ASIN : B000UZGBA8 Angel Eyes for Dogs 240 gram bottle -RSB- -RSB-
 The product arrived quickly and the price was good . Seems to work as good as from any place else .
 It is absolutely amazing how well Angels Eyes took care of the tear stains on our dog . Within in days , yes days , his face was 95 % void of the tears stains and the rest were gone the 2nd week !
 THIS IS THE MOST AMAZING PRODUCT . MY DOGS EYES HAVE IMPROVED IN JUST 10 DAYS . THE STAINS ARE 90 % GONE ALREADY . THE BEST PART IS THAT IT IS COMPLETELY SAFE , WHICH IS VERY IMPORTANT TO ME .
 I 've tried all kinds of stuff to rid my 7 year old maltipoo brown tear stain eyes . I 've spent a lot of money on useless stuff till now , Wow I can honestly say this stuff really works you have to try it for yourself to see the amazing results you wo n't be disappointed ... It 's worth every penny .
 I have been using Angels Eyes for less than a month and my white miniature schnauzer 's eyes have completely stopped draining excessively , and the foul odor that was coming from his face and eyes is gone . After being groomed in the next couple of weeks I anticipate his stains will be completely gone . I have n't had any trouble getting him to eat it with his food , but he is definitely not a picky eater . I will gladly continue him on this as a periodic maintenance dose . Great product , and Amazon.com has the best price I have found .
 Excellent product!Angels ' Eyes Tear-Stain Eliminator for Dogs and Cats , 120-Gram BottleIt really works .
 My 1 yr old pomapoo is very white and her tear stains are BAD . . especially in the winter when its windy and cold and she tears more . ANGEL 'S EYES starts working immediately ... within 3 days we notice the stains start to lighten and by the 2nd week of use her stans have pretty much vanished . As far as taste , my dog eats her food and does n't even get bthered about the product sprinkled in . This is definitely a product we ca n't live without . 5 stars !!!!
 I have an 11 yr . apricot toy poodle Peaches & a 1 yr . white & black Maltepoo Dolly . Peaches being the older , not surprised when her eyes started weeping , but Dolly being so young I hoped to find something to help her . Started giving both them Angel Eyes 11/21 & today is 12/24 . Did n't see much difference until about a week ago & extremely happy with the results . Neither Peaches nor Dolly have the weepy eyes anymore . I am going to cut back to every other day for a month & hoping to eventually cut back to the smallest dosage . Would I recommend this product absolutely . I was a bit hesitant , but extremely pleased at the results ... Angel Eyes is expensive , but well worth it .
 Angel Eyes is a fantastic product . It seems to only work in Beef flavor for our Shitzhu . We have tried chicken and sweet potato and NO Success : -LRB- Amazon is the ONLY way to buy it !! Best value and FAST !!
 We have 2 Bichon Frise dogs , 1 does n't have the tear staining but the other does . We have tried tear stain wipes but does n't seem to do anything . Angels ' Eyes is the only product we have tried that works well . Last year we ran out of Angels ' Eyes and because he looked so good we quit using it , however , the staining started right away and got really bad ; put him back on Angel 's Eyes , it cleared right up . We use both the beef & chicken flavor for a little `` gravy '' and they seem to like it , -LRB- they always eat the liquid 1st -RRB- . Angels ' Eyes seems expensive so we buy the biggest bottle I can find so it will last 6 + months . We order from Amazon and sometimes it comes from Amazon and sometimes from an outside supplier , so far our orders have always come quickly and usually arrive before their estimated delivery date . We highly recommend Angels ' Eyes .
 We 've been sprinkling Angel Eyes on the food of our two small white dogs for about three years . The result is amazing ! No more discoloration on their faces . We 'd recommend Angel Eyes to any white dog owner .
 I bought it for my white Shih Tzu . I have to say that I see a difference , but it did take several weeks to work . He will not eat it sprinkled on food so I have to mix it in wet dog food .
 I have been using Angels eyes since my purebred Bichon Frise was just a pup . I sprinkle a wee bit onto her dry foot then sprinkle a wee b it of water to mix . Never once has she had staining , eyes are clear and receive so many compliments on how white and clean she it . Angel eyes was recommended but my pet shop and I have recommended to other pet owners with excellent results . . The price here is much more cost effective than in pet catalogs , so I will now order on line . EXcellent product with award winning results . THANK YOU !!!!
 This is a fantastic product , noticed a difference with my dogs eyes within 2 weeks . My dog is a very fussy eater , but with this she licks the bowl clean . I will tell all my friends of this site and this product .
 I tried everything for my Maltese tear stains and this is the only product that works . He does n't like the taste so I sometimes have a hard time getting him to eat food with Angel Eyes mixed in but it is worth it . Without AE his stains are the worst I have ever seen but with it , there are none !
 One of my dogs loves these treats , she gobbles them up . My other dog just sniffs them and turned his nose up to them . Do n't know if they are any better than a milk bone , which both my dogs love
 My dog really likes these better than the regular strips . This is the second order and we are very pleased .
 I own two cats , and clipping their nails has always been very challenging . Needless to say , they do not cooperate ! So I had been looking for an alternative to clipping , something that would make the task easier , and found this cat nail file . It is two sided , one for filing the claws down and one for smoothing them out . And while my cats still do n't cooperate most of the time , this tool is easier because it does n't involve having to try and get a clipper around the nail to trim it , and you do n't have to worry about cutting the quick . I like that ! I think that it 's a must have for every cat owner .
 I use this file on my small dog 's nails . My primary tool is a battery operated grinder , but I find that the nails can start to curve toward my dog 's paw pads if I go too long before I file them . This file allows me to reach where the grinder can not to help with this . The file has what I would call a medium to light roughness and takes a few passes to really file the nail . It also has a sort of `` U '' shape , where the sides both curve in on one side of the file . This helps for getting the whole tip of the nail . It works , so no complaints .
 This really works wonders . My toy breed was overweight and we were walking a lot and I gave her this brand of dog food and she was just so happy about it and she has lost some weight and is now more healthy than ever . This product gave my dog the nutrition that she needed . I am so happy that I bought this item .
 If you want to add a bit of mystique to your tank , then this product is the one to do just that . I would suggest some algae eaters and also good water quality management to keep algae under control , since the white areas show up algae easily .
 There is nothing wrong with this nest it is sturdy and and seems cozy but my finches hated it . They took it apart to line the other nest I put in there . They refused to go inside it . I dont know if the openeing was too small ? I have society finches so they love to pile into one nest together , this one was just not their cup of tea .
 This is a well made thermometer and compared to my other thermometers seemed to read 2 degree higher , but I have not had a chance to determine which is the most accurate . Since 2 degrees high is safer than 2 degrees low in the Texas heat , I have not worried about that too much.I recently had a smaller cheap floating thermometer that I liked fail due to the temperature scale coming loose and moving around inside the thermometer . Since this could have caused some serious problems eventually if the shift was not obvious , I decided to praise this thermometer for its rugged construction and reliability.I am still comparing , but not found a better made pond thermometer in this price range .
 The thermometer works great for our pond . I also plan to take it kayaking in the early and late seasons . It seems pretty durable .
 This a great addition to me pond tool pack , especially , if you want to do breeding or try to manage your feeding during spring and fall , you will need something like it
 The first one I received was inaccurate , but the company immediately sent another that was fine . The thermometer has been very useful and effective .
 We bought this cage for our dwarf rabbit . He seems to really enjoy hopping from level to level . There 's plenty of room for him to move around or to spread out and lay down . We were able to fit his litter box , several straw mats , and a variety of different toys in the cage with plenty of room to spare.While this cage is sturdy enough -LRB- if you add extra c-hooks , which are provided -RRB- for a small rabbit , I 'm just not sure if this is the right cage for a larger rabbit . For our dwarf rabbit , this cage is perfect!You have to put this together and while it is n't very difficult , it IS time consuming .
 i have 2 english spot/rex mixbreed rabbits that love this cage ! they are only about 3 lbs each so it is big enough for both of them . assembly was not as taxing as i had anticipated . it took myself and a friend about an hour to put it together .
 My lovebird absolutely loves this toy ! It is an excellent preening/chewing toy . I highly recommend this toy for any bird !
 This `` ring of string '' is perfect for my quaker , he has been plucking his feathers lately and since he had this put in his cage , he leaves himself alone and constantly plays with it . At night he gets up very close and cozy , I think he is warmer near his `` string ring '' . This is one of the best toys I 've ever bought for my bird , lots of thumbs up !!
 I do n't understand the other reviews , I just checked that I was buying the correct combs for my clipper and they work great . Obviously , you have to check which length you need , going with the lay of the fur cuts longer than going against the lay of the fur . Work perfectly on my dog and do n't understand people who give things a 1 star when they did n't check out the information properly . I have an Oster Powermax 2-speed and the combs perfect .
 Purchased these to use with an Oster A5 Golden clipper . These attach nice and securely to the clipper head . They cant be bumped off by a rowdy animal like some of the other generic fit combs Ive used . For my use -LRB- goats -RRB- , I would have preferred a # 3 guard and pass on the # 10 ... but the set is still quite useful .
 I picked this comb set up after I dropped my metal combs one-too-many times and needed a replacement ASAP . I had heard bad things about plastic combs and had some misgivings , but these have worked wonderfully for a year now and I have no complaints . They stay on very well . I never did bother replacing the metal set , and I prefer these over the more expensive Laube combs some of my coworkers use . As long as you know how to use guard combs these will suit you fine .
 D. SmithWe have had this set for several years and it met all of our needs , different attachments for different cuts .
 This is at least my little guys ' sixth one of these toys , and they just love it . I have two smallish parrots -- a spectacled -LRB- aka whitefront -RRB- Amazon , and a bronzewing Pionus -- who share a cage and they both love two things : - hanging upside down - chewingThis toy gives them ample opportunities to do both , and they could not be happier.Tip
 I bought this for my rat to use in her cage . It 's much longer than I expected . She seems to love it . It 's very colorful , and she loves to nibble and climb on it . I would recommend this for rat owners , as well as bird owners .
 good for conure birds good service item as described tuff durable solid productgood clasps i love it bright great
 Great product , made well and my bird plays on it all the time he loves it ! I recommend it to all bird lovers .
 I bought this as decor for my three rat 's cage . It 's quite long , and entertaining . For birds , it would be perfect . For rats , I would hang it in a way that they could walk across it a bit , but it ca n't hold their entire weight . And either remove the plastic links or hang it high enough they ca n't reach them .
 I got this toy for my 16-year-old nanday conure , who enjoys chewing up wood blocks . The toy looks fairly small next to the conure in the picture , but in real life , this is a pretty full toy . I appreciate that it has two hooks so I can string it across my parrot 's play-stand and between her play-stand and cage , which is a nice alternative to toys that dangle straight down . Bonus that my bird was terrified of this toy like she is most things ... she actually walked right up to it and started nibbling ! Judging from the amount of blocks and how long it takes her to wear out toys , this ought to last her at least six months .
 My Amazon Parrot liked it a lot and spent hours opening the knots -LRB- I made new knots every time he had opened them :--RRB- -RRB- and chewing the wood . The chain is sturdy and I liked that it can be attached to the cage in many different ways like hanging from the top of the cage , accross the cage , from top to side , and so on which makes it look interesting to the birdie .
 This was a great toy for my Amazon . The wood was quite easily chewed though , meaning that it did n't last long -LRB- nor did the other toy I got from them with wood blocks in it . -RRB- The only thing left it is plastic chain .
 This toy is really cute and would be great for small - medium sized birds . I got it for my blue and gold macaw and after a day , half of it is missing . Probably not a great investment there . If you have a smaller bird , I think it would be worth buying . 4 1/2 stars .
 This stuff has really helped my dogs skin issues . I want to always keep some of this on hand . Try it . It works on lots of problems . I ca n't recommend it highly enough !
 Sergeant 's Vetscription Antimicrobial Wound Cream is the best remedy I 've found for just about any doggie skin problem that I have run across . I 've used it for years on multiple dogs and it 's never failed me yet . It 's creamy , not greasy or oily and does n't have an offensive odor . Once it 's been rubbed in thoroughly , you do n't have to worry about the rugs or furniture . Sometimes it takes awhile to completely take care of the problem , but a little goes a long way and it has a long shelf life . I wish I could find it locally , but since I ca n't , it 's worth the extra that it costs to order it online .
 I 'm about to get my third one of these . The mechanism inside leaks after a year or two of usage by 2 ferrets . Before that , it 's pretty effective . It may drip a little as they use it , but I just keep a container underneath anyway . Why I really love it is the ease in which this is taken on and off the cage .
 i got this style water bottle for my 2 new baby guinea pigs . They seem to have taken to it no problems . At first I thought it was leaking , but after sneaking up on the babies and watching them I realized that they get a mouthful of water and try to chew it spewing water everywhere ! The bottle is nice and I dont have to worry about it emptying itself out .
 We love these bottles at Hidden Acres Rabbitry . We currently have 29 mini rex rabbits and 1 guinea pig using these bottles . As far as the bracket being flimsy , we have never encountered that problem . If anything they seem to clamp on very tightly . Never have we had one accidentally fall off by brushing past a cage . Yes , a little water will leak from the spout if the bunny gets a big mouthful , but it will with the roller ball style also . They do not drip unless you accidentally put the mesh insert in upside down -LRB- rounded part should be up , not down -RRB- . You also can not fill them past the clear plastic part because the purple top is just a cover and not leak proof . As far as the wonderful benefits of these bottles , super quick to fill multiple bottles with a quick flip of the lid without having to remove the bottle and try to fill a tiny hole . They are also great to clean . The purple top comes off so you can wash them easily even without a bottle brush . We give them an A + + + !!
 I bought this for my mini Schnauzer ... he 's only 14 weeks . He 's drinking on it with no problems . I 'm very happy with my purchase .
 We have switched over to this waterer from the ball-type waterer because of it 's ease of use . We have a rabbitry and have searched for over a year trying to find a waterer that did n't leak AND was relatively easy to refill . When you have dozens and dozen of rabbits watering them becomes a real chore to unscrew and refill and rescrew the cap back on . When I discovered these , I bought the 32oz one to try it . It worked so well and does n't leak that I bought 4 more . We tried them out for about 3 months before buying more . We are currently in the process of replacing all of our water bottles with these because we like them so well . The only problem is re-training the rabbits to get water from these as it is a bit more work for them . But it has cut down on chore time by 1/2 and we do n't have all of them replaced yet . Others have reported leaking problems so we 'll be on the look out for that . I know the manufacturer states that you need to clean out the nozzle at least once a month , more if you have hard water because of all the mineral build up . Maybe that 's part of the problem I do n't know . But we clean ours out to cut down on colds and infections anyway . I would recommend this waterer to any one and we are starting to see more and more of them at the rabbit shows too .
 As a Boy scout Leader , these covers were perfect for replenishing our First Aid Medic Cabinet . The cost of these covers was well within our budget .
 This is the second time I have ordered bowls and have been very pleased both times . The first time I ordered bowls was five years ago and they are still in great condition . We lost one rhinestone due to multiple moves .
 Very good pump for our front fountain ... I put it in a filter bag to keep it from clogging .
 I do lots of beading projects and use a Lot of fishing line to string them . When you get finished some times you see a small knot which needs to be burnt off . This does it with greT detale .
 Great Product for our purposes , we 'll be back in the future to buy some more .
 Works great with Pondmaster 200 pond filter . Have been using this product for a couple years with great success .
 I have tried several joint-relief projects to see if I could help out my 11.5 year-old lab . While it 's still early , this seems to have put some spring back into her step . And , she eats them like they are treats as opposed to me having to shove a pill down her throat.The minor complaint I have is that they start to stick together in the bottle and make a few crumbs if you put them on the counter.Oh , and so far no stomach problems -LRB- and my lab has a very sensitive stomach -RRB- .
 We have a 10-yr . old cocker with hip-displasia that has made it hard for him to walk for a long time -LRB- a birth defect -RRB- -- We tried very expensive pain medication from the Vet , but since finding this Arthrin Buffered Aspirin , which is a lot less expensive , he is doing very well and I do n't hear the `` clicking '' when he walks , so it makes me feel better , too . We give him one in the AM and one in the PM . It is easy to chew and he loves it . I would recommend this product for any pain that your animal may have . We also give it to his brother once a day , because I know at his age , he has aches and pains , too .
 Fast shipping , product as advertised . Would use merchant again . Brought for First Aid Kit for large dog .
 My 12 yr old Lab has pain from arthitis and the arthrin really seems to eleviate his pain . I would recommend this product to anyone who has an older dog with pain .
 Every cat I have given this too has loved it !! It kept them busy for hours . I highly recommend this card to give to cat owners !!
 Great product . Highly durable and dependable . No more dog bites . The only thing that I would consider a negative for this item is that it is advertised as leather when the face mask is hard plastic .
 Do n't leave these where your dog can get it , but when wearing it it provides safety for all . My vet recommended this as well as a trainer and friends who have also used it . Keeps dog safe as she trains to behave . It saves lives !
 We live in south Florida and if you are familiar with Bufo Toads then you know how dangerous they are , the poison they sequestrate out their glands on their back will kill a dog in minutes . My mother has a American Water Spaniel puppy , who lunges at everything so this is keeping him safe as he learns . Great quality .
 These are my Jack Russell Terriers favorite toys . Unfortunately , they are very hard to find . They 're the only things they ca n't tear up in 15 minutes !
 The concentrate works well on our artificial grass to kill dog urine odor . I ordered from Amazon and the picture of the item shows the concentrate and a one gallon bottle of the product side by side . I was under the impression that I would receive one of each . I only got the gallon diluted spray that does not do the trick for our dog urine odor . I only recommend the concentrate spray that you attach to your garden hose . Beware the Amazon ad is misleading .
 Only muzzle I have tried but seems to do the job . Had to add extra holes to fit appropriately . My dog is still able to eat rocks but it definetly inhibits him from doing so .
 This muzzle fits perfect . It 's good quality . I keep the adjustment strap in one position and just slip the band over my dog 's head/ears . The nose guard slips out . My dog has a pointed nose so she 'll never need the guard in place so I just trimmed the retention slots with a razor knife so it wo n't poke my dog 's nose if it shifts around on her face .
 OK so i just barely became privy to the fact that there are more sizes for dogs other then just s , m , l ... there are different sizes for muzzles . . i recently bought a muzzle from a different seller which was size four ... since it fit so well i decided that 's my dogs size for muzzle ... so i order a size four of this type of muzzle expecting it to work just fine not only because the first size four fit perfect but because of the picture of the dalmatian wearing it seemed to be about the same size of my dog . . however when i received the item this morning it was way too small ! it might be my own fault but i think the seller should make it very clear wat sizes are going to fit which dogs
 The product was as described . I realized after using the pet agree a few times it was not phasing my barking dog as it was at first . I began holding the button down a little longer and walla , no more barking . So for those of you have not had much luck with this product , try holding the ultra sonic sound for a few more seconds .
 our dog always bark when the phone rings we use the device and it stopped however italso bothers the other dog it fell down and did not work
 I use the Pet Agree for obediance training on my dog -LRB- sheperd collie mix 50pounds -RRB- and my sisters dog -LRB- lab sheperd mix 75 -RRB- . both seem to catch on quickly and respond well , reinforced with verbal commands , neither require training with the Pet Agree for more then a week or two , even for an invisible leash works well and both dogs now respond to the verbal command HEAL and stay at your side even with many distractions and other dogs ... USE PET AGREE WITH VERBAL COMMANDS AND POSITIVE REINFORCEMENT WITH TREATS ... Both dogs are constantly getting alot of compliments for GREAT behavior from other dog owners in the area , I always give alot of credit to Pet Agree .
 I have a little yorkie and she barks at anything . Like most dogs she barked at the mailman , that was ok . But then she started barking at children playing outside , cars coming down the street , a leaf blowing by . I was going crazy . I saw this device and did a little research on it and purchased it . It worked on her the first day . The funny thing is I only had to use it once . If she see me reaching for it she sits down . Good Dog !!!!
 I have a Chihuahua and a Yorkie and I only have to show it to them and they wo n't bark . The Yorkie usually tries to bit the vacuum now I say no push it one time and he no longer goes near the vacuum.This is a wonderful device .
 My dog knows several commands , but COME was not one he obeyed immediatley , so we purchased the Pet Agree training device.The first day I used it , I called my dog by name , then said COME , and pressed the button briefly . I was amazed that he came running to me and sat down!Thank you for offering this product !
 This is a great little tool to control excess barking . One second press of the button and 10 screaming dogs all shut up . I use it minimally because the one drawback is that when you use it , ALL the dogs get the annoying ultrasonic -LRB- we hear nothing -RRB- tone but I consider that acceptable collateral damage . I have 10 show dogs and there are a few of them who would be unwelcome in hotels , etc , without the PetAgree ... as they would bark in the rooms . It also works on my male when he complains about not having access to girls in heat . Makes life much more pleasant for all of us as I do n't have to listen to excessive barking and the dogs choose to stop the behavior without constant nagging and correction . One reminder is all that is needed .
 My dog was constantly fighting through the fence with the next door neighbor 's dog ; it was nasty . Now , when I say `` Leave It ! '' my dog knows to just walk away , because she does NOT like whatever sound this thing makes .
 I have 3 barking beasts and when I used this the first time they were angels from then on . All I have to do is pick it up and they stop . Every new puppy should have one .
 This tool works if you use it . Using it to train my dogs not to bark and jump . Thanks . : -RRB-
 While I use the pads for an older dog I rate them very good . Living in a high rise senior building , and confined to a wheel chair I find they are easy to use . Im considering keeping up the use of them because I am going to have some major surgery in the near future and it is eaiser for me to use them than to take the dog outside for now .
 Of the three or four brands we 've tried , the Simple Solution pads are the best , by far . They 're thinner than other pads , so the liner material does n't shift or bunch-up like other pads , and they are much more absorbent . Our dog is blind , so the scented Simple Solution pads help avoid `` mistakes '' . And the best part ; ... they 're cheaper !
 I have tried many different puppy pads and this one is by far the best . These are soft so they unfold easily and are efficient . Their size allows me to use one instead of two or three so they are cost effective . I use these for my three small dogs on my long work days . I do have plastic down on my laundry room floor just in case , but so far so good ! Would highly recommend these .
 We use this product for our small , adult poodle when she ca n't go outside , or at night when she uses it on her own . The size is perfect for her enclosure . Never had a leak problem.I saw something very similar in use at a hospital ICU for people . I could n't see a brand , but it looked identical .
 Simple Solution Oversized Training Pads are the BEST I have ever used ! Best on the market !
 These pads are the best yet for use by adult dogs . They are of a good , larger size and do not tend to shred at all . Worth the cost , which is quite high . You 're getting more coverage space for your money , which I believe is why they are not more modestly priced . Very absorbant pads .
 We have two small breed dogs and they are both trained to use wee wee pads . I found this product to work very well . I would recommend them to anyone !
 This is the best training pad I have found to use with my beagle . Other pads he refuses to use or plays with them . This pad has helped him to become potty trained . There are no more messes around the house , if he does have an accident in the house its always on one of the pads . Great large size allows for more area for him to go on . Very absorbent , never have leakage off of it or through it even when I am picking them up .
 the larger size of these pads really help maximize the area covered . at first problem with my dog displacing the pads because he tends to pace . a piece of masking tape on the corner quickly and efficiently fixed that problem .
 I have bought numerous pads for my dog and this one is perfect . She is old and needs these at night . It is the perfect size and strength . Some I have bought tear easy , these do not . These will be the only ones I buy from now on .
 I have a hard time imagining that the other reviewer is talking about the product I know and have been giving to one of our cats daily for several years . It does n't smell bad -LRB- it does n't have much smell at all to humans -RRB- . One of our six cats , a 16-year-old , readily eats her food once a day with Arthogen mixed in , and it definitely helps her arthritis . Do note that it can take a week or several weeks , initially , for an animal to show improvement , but that 's often the case with herbs or natural remedies -LRB- for people too ; in fact I take the human form of this stuff and it helps me also -RRB- . The other good thing is that it has no bad side-effects , as pharmaceutical remedies for arthritis do . It 's possible that it may work better for some cats than others -LRB- as is true for people and the human version -RRB- , but it 's well worth a try . I have been buying it regularly and will keep giving it to our lovely old feline girl as long as she needs it .
 Kitty is very old but manages to get around quite well because of the Arthorgen . It was recommended by our veterinarian , and he has n't been wrong yet on anything he has recommended for her . I would recommend this for anyone with a cat that is getting up there in age and whose joints need a boost .
 This is a fantastic muzzle . Works every bit as good as the $ 200 hand-stitched Italian model . Had to give it a try before I spent that much money . Great value and my pup is able to be a part of the family without fear of unwanted advances on my other dogs . Does not appear to interfere with any of her activities .
 I got one for my dog . He tried his best to take it off but it did not come off nor did it weaken the straps or bars of the muzzle . He is getting used to it but my irritable baby has a ways to go .
 I highly recommend this muzzle . I purchased this muzzle for my dog because he has a problem with chewing everything he can possibly find except his toys . As well as he has some behavior problems . I got this item twice . The firs time in December of last year . My dog did everything he could do to break this thing and get it off . Hey ran it against fences . He looped it in a hook and pulled -LRB- yes dogs are this smart and methodical . -RRB- He drug it along the ground , and through the snow -LRB- perhaps attempting to freeze it off . . lol . -RRB- He scratched at it , banged it against table legs and drug it across the fence everyday for the next 3 months until he finally got one thread of the basket to break . But the rest hung in there -LRB- the muzzle was still usable -RRB- ! Only this month I decided to be on the safe side and get another one . Now finally he has started to realize he 's not getting it off until we decide.For those who say that their dog got this off , it is my belief they did not pull the collar tight enough . Mine , I had to make new holes to get it that way -LRB- drill and screw -RRB- . You do n't have to choke the dog , but you ca n't give allot of slack either . This is the same mistake that I have found most people make with collars of any type.Also some extremely strong dogs like pit bulls can get nearly anything off if they really want to . I 've seen a German bred Rottweiler run through a wood fence when motivated enough . Please remember this is still a training aid . If you want something that you have to depend on for true safety with a truly aggressive animal -LRB- as in life or death -RRB- pay for something more heavy duty . Or consider other options .
 I had a few questions before I bought the dog muzzle and I was extremely pleased with the response time and help I received . My emails were answered immediately and the information I was given helped me pick out the correct size muzzle .
 I have a 3 1/2 year old English Springer Spaniel and 13 cats -LRB- yes , 13 -RRB- . My Springer is a good dog and for the most part does love my cats -LRB- they play , he grooms them , etc -RRB- but he is food and toy aggressive and does n't like to be annoyed when he sleeps -LRB- and 13 cats can be pretty annoying , especially when you 're trying to sleep -RRB- . I needed to find a way to keep everyone safe and happy . Keeping them all separated was not an option and I surely was n't going to keep my boy crated at all times , so I decided to give muzzling a shot -LRB- I 'm not thrilled with it but it works -RRB- . I tried a few other similar muzzles but they were very hard and stiff and not at all comfortable for my dog . This muzzle is made of semi soft , semi pliable , plastic . It 's sturdy yet comfortable , my dog does n't seem to mind wearing it at all . In fact , when we enter the house he walks right over to it and holds his head up waiting for me to put it on him -LRB- he really is a good boy -RRB- . The fit is perfect and it is n't easily removed -LRB- by the dog -RRB- . My dog can pant , bark , drink and even eat to an extent -LRB- occasional cat kibble that falls from the cat food table to the floor ... I do remove the muzzle at meal times -RRB- with the muzzle on and yet it is n't falling off of him . The only complaint I have is that it does n't last -LRB- the spokes break -RRB- . I suppose the softer plastic has it 's good points and bad . It is more comfortable for the dog than other similar muzzles but the plastic wears out faster -LRB- and my dog is n't rough on it , aside from occasionally tapping it on the floor trying to get at the cat kibble -RRB- . I 've gone through 7 of these muzzles in the past year -LRB- since Jan. 2012 -RRB- . Granted , my dog wears this on a daily basis , so it may last longer for someone only using it occasionally . In any case , I am very pleased with this muzzle and will continue to purchase them as needed . It 's keeping the peace around here , keeping my kitties safe , and allowing me to keep my dog.Edit
 Worked great . Had to buy some different size to get right size . But now know how to measure to get right fit .
 I got this muzzle about a month ago and I love it ! I had debated on getting it for about 4 months because of the mixed reviews , but now that I have it I 'm very happy I got it . I had to make extra holes in the collar strap because my dogs neck is only about 18 ' around . My dog did manage to get it off a couple times but that 's only because I did n't have it tight enough . The only thing that I found about the muzzle is that it is narrow , I use it on my pitbull and its tight on her jaw , but I just put a piece of fabric on there and now she wears it with ease . She acts like she doesnt even have it on . I hope this review helps :-RRB- happy shopping . If you want to email me personally with any question you can at jleeman3@yahoo.com
 I do n't really use it that often , but product is as described . The piece that can be put in or pulled out came in handy . The only problem I had , is there is n't enough holes in the part that goes around the neck , so my dog pulled it off . Not a big deal , we can add another one .
 Arrived promptly and good price . My dog had been declared vicious -LRB- he 's not really visious , just does n't like certain dogs who get in his face , loves people -RRB- , so he has to wear a muzzle outside of our house . The one we had before was metal and was heavier , the straps stretched and it slipped down over his nose a couple of times . Also , the way it was fashioned his nose would slip inbetween the wires and squeeze his nostrils so he could n't breathe . This muzzle is light weight plastic so it barely phases him to wear it . It is not so intrusive as some seem to be . It has a good fit , does n't bounce around on his snout and does what its supposed to do .
 Our female German Shepherd has adapted well to the muzzle . It is comfortable and not too tight on her snout.Very sturdy and gives us great peace of mind when we take her out in ensuring there are no `` accidents '' . Highly recommended product you will not be disappointed . The plastic es very sturdy and has stood up well to use so far .
 I bought this for my female german shepherd . I have used it repeatedly when we have contractors working at our house for added piece of mind . I also take her to the vets with it on per the vets request . She has never bitten anyone but it is nice to know I can prevent it from happening also . It has held up to her mashing it into the ground , my legs -LRB- ouch -RRB- , and trees in attempt to get it off . once she has it on for a few moments she tends to forget about it . She can drink with it and eat . I did have to make my own hole in the strap to make it tight enough around her neck . I did all the measuring ahead of time and it fits otherwise .
 I bought this muzzle for my dog a couple of years ago and it is my favorite muzzle to use on her . It allows my dog to open her mouth if she needs to pant , and she can be fed treats through the grills . She hates it , but for peace of mind this is the best option for me . The other muzzles restrict dogs from being able to open their mouths and on hot days where panting is inevitable those muzzles make it very difficult . The muzzle is very durable ! My dog has dragged it on concrete , and hit it against other things attempting to take it off , and I always have it in the trunk of my car and it has withstood the extreme hot temperatures experienced in South Florida.Highly recommend this product ! Make sure to take proper measurements .
 Worked great . Had to buy some different size to get right size . But now know how to measure to get right fit .
 Designed and works as described . I had to add a hole to make it fit tighter . If I had n't this muzzle would n't have worked - and yes , I did measure before I bought . That issue was n't major enough to take away from the rating.I recommend this for dogs who need a barrier between its mouth and eating/swallowing things it should n't . Has saved me from $ 700 vet bills every few weeks to remove things from my dogs stomach , and from keeping my dog from having to go through surgery.Watch a video on how to introduce muzzles to your dog . Makes a world of difference .
 Have a half greyhound half German shep , huge nose :-RRB- fits great , light , and she does n't mind . Used it because she was a rescue and did not know how she would react to my cat and dog park . She was nothing to worry about but still still great she does n't mind it one bit . First minute she will claw at it , then after that nothing . Very happy !
 This is a wonderful muzzle for a dog -LRB- my German shepherd -RRB- who is a little over protective in public . He can still pant , and drink water , even bark , but unable to bite . I can now socialize him without fear of anyone getting hurt .
 As advertised , works well . The dogs do n't mind them at all . The 10 's fit a full size german shepard dog
 It 's great to add this to our training system with a new dog . Mostly the beeping noise gets their attention and we hardly ever use the pulse setting.Training is key . And this is part of a good tool for a second dog .
 If you need a muzzle because your dog is eating items that they should n't this is a great muzzle and will save you money and the agony of putting your dog though a very expensive and painful surgery to save the dog 's life . I bought a 14 '' for my four year old male Weimaraner so he can not eat golf balls and golf ball sized rocks when unattended in the yard . This muzzle is light weight and hard for the dog to remove and also allows the dog to open and close their mouth when they would like ; however , this muzzle would not work for those of you that would like to stop your dog from barking . This is the first time for my dog to wear a muzzle .
 Have tried many muzzles lately and this one does the job ... he can still drink , pant , it is light weight and easy to put on . He can not remove it himself , though he has tried . He is a 100 # labrador and I would recommend it to anyone interested in muzzles . Price is also good
 Our rescue dog is afraid of veterinarians -LRB- ours is so great -RRB- and groomers . We ca n't even clean his ears or clip his nails . Part of our plan is this muzzle . We thought he 'd be afraid of it , but we put a treat down at the end where the &#34; gate &#34; opens and , after a few tries , our dog let us ease the muzzle on . Repeat . Repeat . He 's 75 pounds of muscle at his prime and has powerful jaws . I do n't want anyone to get hurt , including him , and this has been a blessing . Be sure to measure properly for the right fit or you 'll have to switch sizes .
 The description said suitable for dachshunds . I have a miniature , ended up returning it . Otherwise seemed nice enough for a muzzle . Quick shipping
 I have been buying this dog food for 6 years now . I feel good about giving my dogs a high quality lower cal food . I researched a LOT of dog foods . This one came out on top for me . And my dogs love it !
 I read a positive review of AIP on a cat site . I 1st tried the 32 oz . spray , and was hooked . It does everything it claims , removing every trace of cat pee odor . I came right back and ordered the four gallon case . Great stuff .
 Anti Icky Poo works wonderful on accidents , after clean up our dogs do n't return to the spot . I highly recommend it to all our friends who have pets .
 I have tried every deodorizer on the market . Between old dogs , old cats , new puppies and cat protest peeing , I 've had plenty to deal with . This is the best on the market . It even says it will get rid of the odors of dead bodies . I have n't gotten to test that claim yet , but you never know . Ha . Anyway - hint - if you have washable fabrics with odors , pour a little in you washing machine . The odors will be gone .
 I had a rough few months with one of my 2 cats ... we had some behavioral issues that came about because of several abrupt changes in our household . -LRB- Checked off most of the things on the list that they say can cause a cat to start eliminating outside of the box unfortunately . -RRB- I was desperate to find something to clean up the carpet spots ... . this stuff is amazing !!! I bought a one gallon kit , whick had the black light and the large syringe -LRB- for injecting under the carpet -RRB- to start with , and it worked so well I bought the 4 gallon set , to have on hand for clean up . -LRB- Decided I wanted to be prepared . -RRB- It works fabulously on cat urine , which I think may be the worst smell on the planet . I have recommended this to several people . You may have to treat a spot a few times to completely eliminate the smell , but to date , I have n't found anything that works to remove that odor like this stuff . Very pleased .
 Babysat 2 extra cats for 6 months and they decided to take out their frustrations on our leather couch . I thought for sure it was ruined and moved it into the garage until I could throw it out . Found this online and thought I 'd give it a chance . You ca n't even tell we had cats in our house !! Worked great ... I used tons and treated it several times over the course of a week ... But it totally saved the couch . I asked my non-cat loving friends to do the sniff test and it passed . No we ca n't live without it ... Have a 15 yr old dog , this stuff works great on our cream carpets and hard wood floors ...
 Anti Icky Poo came to the rescue after trying many other things . The kittens and `` middle '' cats now use the four litter boxes and the back yard.The two older ladies try to use the litter boxes but frequently only get their front ends into the box with their fannies hanging over the edge . Anti Icky Poo keeps the house livable and I use it several times a day.I also use Feliway to help keep the peace , and minimize the marking.The cats , nine males and four females , are a constant joy . They all play together and with the two tiny dogs my wife has . They were all pretty well raised together although four came to stay when their care takers moved away and left them.All have been fixed , except the kittens . I am saving money so that I can get them done soon.Thank you MisterMax for Anti Icky Poo ...
 I have an 18 year old cat who is error prone in using the litter box . I have tried multiple products but this product works . Remember when using the Anti Icky Poo -LRB- it is helpful to have it in a spray container -RRB- that you must use enough of the product to completely kill the urine enzyme . If the puddle is copious , then use a copious amount of the neutralizer . That is all it takes to have the terrible odor eliminated .
 what 's up with cats that just like to go wherever ???? Do n't mention the vet , we 've been there and back to the tune of thousands of dollars . What we REALLY needed was this product . We were buying so much of it by the smaller bottle at the local pet store that i finally wised-up and bought the industrial size . We have n't cured the cats but we have cured the smell . I can put this on the `` area '' , in the washing machine , on the rug , wherever and it works . I am on my last gallon and am sort of panicky ... what if i run out?Great product for all kinds of smells , and for my money , cat smell is the WORST !!!!
 I have a 4 year old cat that has successfully urinated in TWO new -LRB- new construction -RRB- homes , starting when she was just a 4 month old kitten . Anti Icky Poo has been a god-send . I have drenched the areas where she has gone without any damage to the carpet -LRB- no discoloration , no texture changes , etc. -RRB- . My first home had cheap carpet and padding and Anti Icky Poo worked great . My current home ; however , has very thick carpet and padding and I did n't know if Icky Poo would get through -- but to my amazement it did . The smell dissipated within 24 hours . My cat can live another day to pee somewhere else .
 I am a professional carpet cleaner of 14 years , so I know how hard it can be to get rid of pet odors . I have only had to use AIP once so far for cat odor . I honestly thought I was going to have to Ozone the basement where the odor was . I treated the carpet and left . 2 days later , not even the slightest hint of cat odor was left . I hope they all go this well .
 We are a foster home for small paws rescue -LSB- ... -RSB- and have a steady stream of traumatized Bichons -LRB- usually `` mill dogs '' -RRB- coming thru our home.In the last 5 years , only one of our fosters came to us anywhere near housebroken . Several have been `` ill '' in `` inconvenient places '' in our home.Anti-Icky-Poo is the BEST ... and we 've tried them all ... We keep mixed Anti-Icky-Poo in a one gallon plastic garden sprayer intended for insecticide ... -LRB- make sure you use a brand new one !!! -RRB- Always ready to go without bending over .
 I have 7 indoor cats , Ive tried everything - even bleach . And nothing , I mean NOTHING works like this stuff does !!! Its amazing , I use it in my carpet cleaner , I use it to wash the pet bedding , I even spray it on the furniture to freshen it up . I have two male cats who are fixed but have the unfortunate habit of marking thier territory and ruining my stuff . I could never find anything that would remove the smell well enough so that they stop marking the same areas , but this stuff does the trick . . no joke . Its an amazing product . I just ordered 4 more gallons of it !!!
 I have many animals and housesit with many more . I find this product to be one of the best odor controls on the market . It is certainly worth the price . I buy it by the case .
 So far this is the best stuff i have tried , and believe me , i have tried MANY products . The injector really helps get under the pad , especially when you cant pull up the carpet . I will admit that my cats have gone back to areas that have already been treated , but i am not sure if its out of habit , the fact that i didnt treat the area properly or enough , or if the stuff isnt working . I will say that the smell of urine disappears , but then again , i dont have the nose of a cat . lol Usually when a cat goes out of the litter box , there 's a reason for it ... something is stressing it out ... a change in the house of some kind , litterbox not clean , has a cover , etc. . When you find the stress , it usually solves the problem . Good luck !!
 I introduced my cat to my girlfriends ' three cats when I moved in . Needless to say there was territorial issues on wood floors , carpets and concrete . Icky Poo worked exceptionally well on all surfaces .
 I have used this on wood floors , tile , furniture , and carpet . It works pretty well if you catch the &#34; pet mess &#34; quickly . Biggest down side is you need to use A LOT of it to get the job done . We used to live in a rental that already had pet odor and so my dogs were trying to add to it , originally . This stuff worked well to clean up the smell and stains -LRB- even those left by previous occupants -RRB- but it was very expensive . Had it been my own home I likely could have spent less money and time by just replacing the carpet in that room .
 My cat urinated on wood , fabric , and carpet . This stuff , when used as directed , completely eliminated the smell . I had tried a lot of things before this and this is the only thing that worked . I used it in combination with the MisterMax pre-wash solution . What a great relief and a great buy .
 Having pets for years gives me something to say about cleaning after them . This is far the best product I have used and have re commended it to everyone .
 Nok-Out is amazing . My cat urinated in my car -LRB- while bringing him to the vet . -RRB- I tried EVERYTHING to get the odor out of the apolstery . Nothing but Nok Out worked . I spent DAYS trying to mask the smell , using everything from carpet cleaner to bleach . Just a few squirts of Nok-Out and smell completely disappeared .
 Simply put , this stuff is amazing . We have a cat that we 've owned for years . He is and always has been an indoors cat , never allowed outside . Recently for some unknown , inexplicable and upsetting reason reason he has begun to urinate on various spots in the house . Invariably these spots are expensive items . We have tried and tried to clean them and deodorize them to no effect . We were told about this product by another family member . We bought this small bottle of it . We tried it and HOLY SMOKES IT WORKS !!!! As advertised !!! So we bought a larger supply because we have begin using this on everything , the sink disposal , the dog 's bedding and other items as needed . Simply put - it works !
 This is a great product for removing odors without harsh chemicals . I have young children , cats , and not a lot of time to keep up with the messes so Nok-Out was perfect for me . It works instantly . Highly recommended !
 We had a house that needed some serious help with a smell that the tenants left for us from their pets . This stuff really helped ! We were actually able to get into the house without gagging so we could start the clean up process . Thanks ! It also seems to help with cigarette smell on upholstery .
 Okay , so I probably would n't go that far , but I would n't be caught dead without them . I use them to clip my horses -LRB- mostly minis -RRB- in the spring . So the hair that I 'm going through is about 3 '' long , and THICK ! Goes through the hair like it 's NOOOOTTTHHHHIIING !!!!!!!! I 'm also a professional dog groomer , and these things get used every day . I 've had mine for about 4 + / - years , and I have n't had a problem with them yet . DEFINITELY worth the money -LRB- although I would go with the longer cord , just to make things easier -RRB- !
 Okay , I ca n't really say that for sure . But I 've used expensive Oster clipper , cheap Wahls , and just about everything else in between . And these clipper are amazing.Easy to clean and maintain . Large motor for easy repairs . Handle does n't heat up , and adjustable speed means blade does n't heat up any more than it has to -LRB- it will still heat up because thats what blades do - buy blades in sets of 2 and switch them out while clipping -RRB- . Good build quality , easy to use.Two long haired are now two short haired dogs , and these clippers combine with Oster blades made short easy work of it.Worth all the money , hands down .
 We own a horse farm . Lots of clipping going on . People spend $ 100 on clippers that work for a year or two -LRB- or maybe even longer with casual use -RRB- . But - if you are going to body clip or use these things all the time , you 'll need a good pair of clippers . Here 's what I think of these :1 -RRB- These clippers have a separate motor . For skittish horses , this makes a lot less noise than an `` All in one '' clipper . And if you think about it - even with those you have a cord coming up to them , so they are n't much different .2 -RRB- We love the variable speed . For clipping whiskers you really do n't need blazing fast speed , and no horse wants that around their mouth . Especially for their ears . Turn it down , and you 've got a nice quiet pair of clippers .3 -RRB- These things will work for hours on end without overheating -LRB- you still have to use lubrication -RRB- to body clip a horse .4 -RRB- The belt clip has held up for years of use and still works great.They may be pricey , but I 'd argue these are some of the best clippers on the market if you are planning on using them a lot
 I have tried several different clippers for my Boykin Spaniels and nothing comes close to the Clipper 's Edge . They are more expensive but so worth it . I have clipped my 2 dogs with the Oster Turbo 2 speed and the clippers got so hot and did n't do near as good a job . I will never buy anything else but Clippers Edge .
 I love these clippers . The best I 've ever owned . They are quiet and run smooth . Having the motor seperate from the handle keeps them cool a lot longer . I highly recommend these !
 These are used with the Pet Temp thermometer . I find that they are pretty easy to apply . I messed up one early on , but none after that .
 Yep , if you can get your dog to wear them . MAGNETS ! It takes a bit of coaching but I did get my pit bull to keep them on . Riding in the car with his head hanging out is a blast . And thats what I got them for . I dont want any grit or bugs getting in his eyes . He was styling !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
 My female Boston Terrier has protruding eyes that are subject to irritation from the wind and the sun . I got her a pair of Doggles , especially for use in our pool where she floats with me nearly everyday . She was initially a little `` concerned '' about wearing them but with short trial usage and encouragement , she is now very comfortable wearing them . The Doggles protect her eyes very well with foam padding around the rims . I 've posted her picture on my Facebook page and have received so many comments about her goodlooking eyewear .
 I got these for my collie mix because she always puts her head out the window and I was concerned about her getting dust and debris in her eyes . They stay on great and she got used to them very quickly . I highly recommend them .
 I purchased these for my 9 year old Boston Terrier , who had recently suffered an eye injury and needed some added protection from UV rays due to the medication That dialated her eye . . also I wanted to make sure another injury didnt occur , as she loves to ride in our vehicles with us everywhere . I was initially concerned that being an older dog , she may not take to being trained to wear them , , , I WAS WRONG >> >> I followed the advice on the package and didnt put them on her inside the first time , , , but introduced them when she was focused on going for a ride . . her favorite activity , , , , so i put them on , adjusted the straps and let her hang out of the passenger window , sitting on my lap ... while my BF drove ... SHE LOVED IT !! The wind didnt bother her eyes -LRB- She always ducked behind the side side mirror to block wind before the Doggles when we reached interstate speeds -RRB- . WE loved the attention that she got ... everywhere we drove , people laughed , smiled , pointed and commented , etc. . . Seeing her in her doggles has become so fun for us all , , , , She took well to wearing them and after only 2-3 times , , , she now loves to put them on , , because it means she is going out!Great product , , , , THANKS for saving my Bostons eyes !
 I have two 2 year old Bishon Brothers ~ they love the pool and I needed to protect their eyes from the sun . These doggles are just perfect !! Light weight , flexible and very very well padded . I am so amazed by the product and the speed in which this seller shipped . Buddy and BoBo love them also , no problem wearing them and they look so cute ... thank you soooo much for such a wonderful product .
 The idea is good and shows potential . However , in the process of getting an average temp for my dog , he has learned not to like the process -LRB- and knows when it 's starting -RRB- so he wiggles around too much to get a good reading .
 Good product.Durable.light.Loud!use on low.on / off switch seems like it could use alittle better engineering.All in all I like it.Dog was alittle freaked out by sound at first but now knows shes goin to get birds.I also use it on fun walks just to keep track of her
 In case you 're wondering like I was , you ca n't use a remote to make this unit beep.This unit is controlled by a motion sensor in the unit . The mode is set by a physical switch on the unit -LRB- not by a remote -RRB- . If you want to push a button to make your pet 's collar beep , see a training collar like theSportDOG Field Trainer -LRB- SD-400 -RRB- -LRB- for one dog -RRB- orSD-1825 SportDOG Sport Hunter A-Series Remote Trainer -LRB- for full functionality with more than one dog -RRB- or just theSportDOG SD-AB Beeperwith a SportDOG transmitter.The SportDog website provides good FAQs and user manuals .
 I got this for $ 31 shipped on Amazon , when it was $ 79 everywhere else . I wanted an inexpensive beeper since I have never used one , I did n't know how the dog would react . This beeper has alot of features for the money , I have used it on 4 weekends hunting , and it has worked great . The dog hated it at first but got used to it . I will say it is definately worth the $ 31 , I think for $ 79 I might shop a little harder and maybe upgrade for a few extra bucks .
 I used this product to keep my dog from chewing the vertical blinds . A tip given to me by the sales person at my local pet store worked wonders
 I have been a groomer for 13 years and have tried several no-chew products , both for customers and my own animals . This product is fantastic and probably the best I 've tried because it 's : - All-natural-Alcohol free -LRB- wo n't sting hot spots or other wounds -RRB- - Odorless-Won ' t stain perfectly groomed fur or the furniture ! - Inexpensive-It works !
 My Assistance Dog loves this food . After trying numerous foods for dogs with sensitive stomachs , and him refusing to eat , I gave him this Science Diet dog food , as recommended by his vet , and he gobbles it down . His ` job ' is very stressful and he is a very sensitive , alert dog , which leads to his stomach being easily upset , but with Science Diet , he has no problems and loves the food . I am homebound and ordering the dog food can be pricey , so occasionally I try another high quality brand , but he wo n't even give it a try ... well maybe a bite ... but then he sits down and looks at me like ` okay , is this a joke , where 's the good stuff ? ' ... it may cost a little more , but he is worth it and earns every bite !
 It 's a big bag of dog food , just like it says . My dog was on the Prescription Diet for sensitive stomachs , but she has adjusted to this food pretty well and it is easier to get -LRB- does n't require a trip to the vet -RRB- and cheaper . Give it a shot .
 I made the mistake of trying to switch my dog -LRB- large breed boxer -RRB- to one of the currently trendy `` grain-free '' dogfoods ... and he did not thrive at all . Loose stools , chronic diarrhea , weight loss , etc. 6 long months of misery for both of us before vet recommended this food . It solved all of his digestive problems ; his weight is getting back to normal and his coat is shiny . He feels better too - lots of energy , does n't have to potty as often , etc. . Really happy I found a dogfood that is so gentle on his stomach .
 I originally bought this food for my dog because of his digestive problems - namely diarrhea and , er , major flatulence issues . Science Diet took care of the problem for months , but I switched to &#34; regular &#34; food to save a couple of bucks . Mistake . The diarrhea problem was gone , but the other problem remained so it was right back to Science Diet and I 'll never switch again . And I do n't have to keep opening the windows to air out my house ! : -RRB-
 Great product . Love this brand of dog food . Great price for this product . Would buy this again for my dog
 5 yrs ago my 100 lb lab/boxer ? mix -LRB- He 's 9 now -RRB- was diagnosed with IBS . He has been on a regiment of Pepcid AC and this food ever since and the problem has been eradicated . He eats 4 1/2 cups of this food a day with no problems and he is very active . I highly recommend this product to any owner whose dog is experiencing any belly problems .
 My dog is allergic to chicken , beef , and turkey -LRB- including tons of grains -RRB- so finding a food is super difficult . But now I 'm on just Evanger 's Duck & Sweet Potato and my little one is doing excellent ! No more scratching or irritation , and the best part is that my dog actually LIKES the food . Good stools too .
 This item arrived promptly , as described on Amazon . However , 4 of the cans were dented . They were packaged well for shipment so maybe the damage came from the manufacturer . Will be contacting the seller to inform them . ***** Update **** I contacted the company and immediately a new case of food was sent out , free of charge and with their apologies . They really stand behind the product . I appreciated that so much ! My dog loves this mixed with dry food . Thank you !
 My Akita loves the Duck & Sweet Potato recipe . I was just at the vet today and he told me that Evanger 's is one of the best brands out there . She was in for a regular checkup and is in perfect health.Not sure what previous reviewer is talking about regarding dishonesty . Sounds more like social commentary . Keep it on your Facebook page .
 I have a westie who is very fussy about the food she eats . While she will probably never be a `` good '' eater , this is about the only food she will eat on a regular basis . I have recommended this food to others and their dogs LOVE this food . No grains and that it is certified kosher for Passover make this an added bonus .
 This cat scratcher was a hit from the moment it came out of the box . With its sides it was even more appealing to our cats than the double-wide corrugated cardboard scratcher they also use . The cats sharpen their nails in it and sleep in it . Our Alpha male cat dominates the use of this scratching couch , leaving the other cats to the less desirable scratching and sleeping spots.No catnip is needed to make this scratcher a hit ! After three months our cats still prefer it multiple other options we have for them to scratch and sleep on . Its pricey , but worth it as a once a year treat or a give for the cat-lover who has everything .
 This is one of the best treats EVER . Have cats that typically do n't like treats & eyes just about pop out their heads when this bag is opened . YUMMY YUM YUM ! And it helps keep their teeth cleaned , their gums healthy & less visits to the Vet . Hopefully with a healthier mouth , they will live a longer , happier life.Purrever Yours , Rita Wood , FounderPurrEver Ranch Sanctuary
 My kitties really went crazy for these . I believe they use something similar to the bonito fish flakes in these . They also love bonito fish flakes so these were an easy sell . They come in cylinder shapes wrapped in the fish flake material . My cats loved to break them in half between their teeth . Not sure how well they clean the teeth but their teeth look pretty good after having these for a week . The only downside is that there are only 24 to a package and they did n't last long . I 'll have to see if they come in a larger size next time I reorder . I would buy again .
 My cats suffer from tartar build-up . At $ 200 per cat for 3 cats , annual cleanings are a real strain on the budget . They were n't sure what to do with these chews at first since they had never seen anything like it , but after getting a taste they figured it out ! After just a couple of weeks you can see their teeth and gums looking cleaner and healthier , with less redness and inflammation . The only drawback is the cost-at the vet $ 10 for a box of 24 . Some websites offer bulk packs of 96 and I plan to order these in the future . A year 's supply will be half the cost of teeth cleanings .
 We recently adopted a 6 year old cat and were told that he has minor gum issue that we need to keep an eye on . Well . . he does n't let me near his teeth so I thought this product would help provide that preventative care . My cat really loves these ! I was worried he 'd actually swallow the whole thing -LRB- he 's kind of a big eater -RRB- but he ended up gnawing and breaking down 1 treat into little pieces and actually chewed a lot on each bite , so I can see how this would work !
 The chew seems to work fine at preventing build up on my cat 's teeth . His little eyes light up every time I reach for the bag . He plays around with the chew for quite a while before he munches it up so it 's not just a healthy snack , it 's a toy . Be prepared for crumbs being left behind on the floor .
 My cat loves these treats , and I do see reduced tartar on her back molars . Much better than the typical dental cat treat . I recommend you give these a try .
 My cat loves these chews and for once I can get him something he goes nuts over and he does n't realize its good for him too . Usually anything that comes out of a veterinary office he will snub his nose at , but not these chews .
 Exactly as expected . Price was much better than my vet ! Shipping time was decent ; will gladly order again .
 The wafers smell good , my dog eats them fairly quickly . They seem to work OK , but it takes a few weeks to notice an effect .
 We 've used these tablets for two years now , and they have significantly reduced the dead grass spots in our yard . Actually , we have had no problems in our fenced back yard , so I believe the few spots that have appeared in the front yard near the curb are gifts from the neighborhood strollers . Margie wolfs down these wafers with the rest of her food , so I 'd say the taste is n't unpleasant , but , then again , she 's a Lab/Golden mix who 'll eat just about anything .
 I have Zoysia grass and this has worked very well with keeping the grass from browning . The wafers are better for larger dogs instead of the tablets .
 Like other reviewer we had a newly landscaped yard and started to notice yellow spots . Purchased the wafers and gave them daily to our 2 female dogs . After 2 weeks noticed yellow spots were getting smaller , now they do n't appear at all . I was skeptical , but they seem to be working .
 I have 3 dogs and a newly landscaped yard . I was sick of doing the usual seasonal lawn patch repairs . I buy the wafers and my dogs get 4 each every morning -LRB- they are about 70-75 lbs -RRB- first thing followed with a real treat . Never had a problem with them not eating them . One day I forgot to re-order in time so we were out for a week . Can you say -- it was UGLY ??? In just that time frame my lawn was burnt out everywhere ! Soon as they were back on the wafers , we have been good to go with a lovely green yard , no watering after they pee , no following them around . These are my dream . Now if they could just make something that self disintegrates smelly poo ~ I 'd buy that too !
 The dog liked these as a treat . Not sure how well it is working , but seems to be working . We 'll see this spring .
 We tried to use some of the special rocks to no avail , but these tablets seem to work for our 69 pound Labradoodle . Grass is not turning brown/no burn spots , our dog loves them and seems to be doing just fine - no changes in her behavior or stool due to the tablets .
 We have a Rhodesian Ridgeback , whose `` output '' was substantially browning our lawn . We now toss 5 of these pills in his food each day and the grass is totally green . We have used this product for 3 years in upstate New York , and because it is snowy and cold in the winter , we only use these pills during the 7 or 8 months when there is grass to protect.He likes the taste . He 'll woof them down even if we give them to him one at a time like a treat.This product definitely works for us !
 I have had my Rabbit , Monty for a few years and when we got her she was a small little baby that fit in my hands but she grew so big to where shes now a large rabbit almost the size of a cat ! and this cage is GREAT ! she can stand , bounce around and kick her legs in excitement ! its great but any bigger and definitely invest in a big hutch . Its worth the money and easy to clean if you have somewhere to put your rabbit .
 I have been amazed at the increased energy our dog has . The fatty tumors are getting smaller . I bought this product because I read other reviews saying fatty tumors had disappeared .
 I HAVE BEEN GIVING THESE TO MY DOG CHAMP FOR OVER A YEAR NOW AND THEY WERE RECOMMENDED TO ME BY A FRIEND WHO GAVE THEM TO HIS DOG . I PUT IT IN MY DOGS FOOD EVERY NIGHT AND HE EATS THEM LIKE A TREAT . HE WILL BE ON THESE FOR THE REST OF HIS LIFE .
 Excellent product . My dog was diagnosed with diabetes and we werent sure where to turn . I read about this product and decided to give it a try . I am glad we did . He is doing well and he loves them . He thinks they are a treat and chews them up happily .
 I have tried alot of hoof conditioners and I keep coming back to this one . It really gets into the crevices and also smells great ! It 's guey so it sticks into the hoofs and really moisturizes and protects unlike those paint thinner-like hoof conditioners . best stuff ever !
 We discovered our dogs had an allergy to meat , fish and eggs . The oldest dog we had was throwing up alot after eating a meat diet . When we switched to the vegetarian Evangers dog food , the upset stomach and throwing up ceased . We were happy to see the progress of our doggie in his return to health after a steady diet of the Evangers vegetarian canned dog food . We are quite happy with their products .
 I have been keeping salt water fish for 11 years now and these flakes have been a staple in the diet of my fish . I tried some other brands but noticed a difference in the health of my fish so I switched back and never looked back .
 All my fish love this food . From tangs to damsels . I have a reef tank and do n't like to create a lot of waste . Since it all gets eaten up so fast I do n't worry so much about overfeeding . It also contains garlic which is said to help prevent ich which tangs are notorious for .
 My dog has a 14.5 '' neck , and I ordered a 16 '' because it said `` fits 12.5-16 '' , so she would have room to grow . This 16 '' collar has an interior-circumference of 12 '' -15 '' right out of the package . The collar fit her perfectly in the last hole , but I was worried I would have to return it for a larger one . Please keep this in mind if you are ordering to `` fit right out of the package '' ... buy one about 1-2 '' larger than you think you need.Good leather will stretch , so as she has worn it for a couple of weeks , it `` settled '' , and now measures 16 '' on the last hole . She now has plenty of `` room '' and the collar looks fantastic on her ! Ca n't think of anything more `` cuddly '' on a Doberman than a long-spiked collar!Oh , and shipping was delayed due to a shipping error , but I was contacted by Jon -LRB- CEO of the company -RRB- , and he made it `` right '' . I could n't be happier with the company right now ... superior service , quality merchandise !
 My hubby wanted our already tough looking dog to look even tougher , and this is the ticket . It smells of that great leather smell right out of the box and fits our dog great - so the sizing is accurate . They shipped it well before the deadline , and it seems to be holding up well -LRB- dog has been wearing it for 3 weeks -RRB- . Our dog does look tougher now : -RRB-
 This is good stuff . I 've used it twice , let it soak for 5 mins before rinsing . Not perfumy , you can prob use it every week without drying out the coat . I 've noticed a real difference in the dog 's coat . I 've had dogs in the past that ended up with bad coats feeding them grocery store food and using grocery store shampoos . I switched the food and the shampoo and the difference is obvious , folks . Try it . And yes , I believe the shampoo is helping as much as the food is .
 I use this along with goop and pet shampoo for my longhaired cats . This shampoo will pull out every ounce of grease from your cats coat . Especially useful on the nasty stud tail you will get on breeding males . Also very useful for long haired cats . Worth the money . Use after the coat is wet and before using specialized shampoos .
 I have been using the Willard Water XXX concentrate for at least 18 years , and maybe even longer . I am now almost 70 and in very good health . I basically use it in a spray bottle ... First thing every morning , I spray it on my hair , in my mouth , in my eyes , and on my face.Does it work ? I will never know for sure , but I think it does , and I will continue to use it forever .
 I occasionally use this on a itching pet and it seems to quell itching for 24-48 hours . I also use it any time I have a little itch and one application is all I need to return my skin to normal for at least several hours . I carry a tiny bottle in my car , and one in the stroller so it 's with me wherever I go . I have sprayed it on kids at the park who get bug bites and they too report excellent results.I have also used it when I 've gotten burned and if I keep the Willard Water on the burn with a bandage for 30 minutes , there will be no mark or pain the next day . Even if the skin blisters immediately after burning , if I apply Willard Water and keep the area wet with it for 30 minutes , the next day it is healed -LRB- no extra skin or blister -RRB- . That is quite amazing to me . Despite years of positive experiences with this product , I still find myself wondering if it works as I apply it and think I might be a little silly . Despite my uncertainty , it works .
 The Willard Water is what I expected . I consume it as directed on a daily basis . I am sensitive to the smell of what I consume and this does not have any adverse smell to me .
 My dog loves this toy , It is the first toy he picks up and the first toy he takes to bed
 I have been looking for a toy like this for my dog since his favorite one tore . This is his favorite one now !
 Very durable , great looking on my English Bulldog ! Amazon.com sells it wayyyyy cheaper than PetCo , or PetsMart .
 We got it for our German-Australian Shepperd and its perfect.Much cheaper and better looking that the ones you will find on Pet Stores !
 Great collar . Looks awesome , wears well , but `` sister '' liked to chew on the end during play and eventually the clasp/buckle loosened and gave out . We chose the spiked collar to perhaps discourage `` sis '' from chewing up `` brother 's '' collar ... she definitely did not chew up the spiked portion .
 Low cost , high quality spiked leather dog collar . Great price , great quality .
 This scoop is very handy for our two dogs -LRB- one gets 1/2 c 2x daily while the other gets 1 1/2 c 2x daily -RRB- . I gave it four stars because the shape of the scoop makes it difficult to see the food at 1 1/2 cups . I have to look at the food level from the side to see if I 'm at the 1 1/2 cup mark . It 's not a huge hassle and I would still recommend the scoop.Also , in response to the previous four-star review
 I have four of these and on two of them now I have had the handle break off the scoop part . I 've been able to fix it with glue , but this should n't happen in the first place . Otherwise , I really like this scoop . I keep large bins of flour , rice , and sugar in my kitchen and like to be able to measure straight from the bin as I 'm scooping .
 Accurate , easy to read the lines through the see through scoop . It does the job it 's supposed too . ca n't ask for much more . 4 stars because the clear part can separate a little from the handle and dog food crumbs can get in there .
 I purchased 2 of these food scoops for cat food and they work and clean up great .
 I have seven cats to feed , and this scoop has made it much easier to feed them all at once and to give the proper individual portion sizes -LRB- although I 'm good at eyeballing , anyway -RRB- . It 's well-made , solidly-constructed , and I have had no problem washing it in the dishwasher . Drop it , no problem.I can be quite the tight-wad , but the quality of the scoop makes it a good deal .
 This is perfect , especially for our large dog . We can be more consistent in how much we feed him , and it is easy for our son to use .
 I 've looked for a food scoop I like for some time . I 'm trying to be accurate with the amount of dry food I give my large dog -LRB- Black Russian Terrier -RRB- . This scoop does n't only fill that requirement , but it looks nice as well -- actually it looks cute .
 Very sturdy , well made scoop . Nice because it gives you measurements inamounts of 1/2 cup , 1 cup and 1 1/2 cups . Highly recommend !
 I do really like this scoop , is practical and light . I do recomended . I use it everyday to measure the food portion for my puppy . 1 cup and a half is the maximum capacity of the scoop . It has a small `` figure '' of a dog and a cat on the handle .
 3 dec. 2007I 'm giving this product a 4 star rating instesd of 5 simply because it is a one and a half instead of an even 2 cup scoop .
 This conditioner is awesome ! It leaves my dog 's hair so soft ! It really helps to get out the tangles too . I use it with the canine bright shampoo . I love these two ! I used BioGroom for a while , but definitely think this one is worth a try !
 I bought this for my son 's dog as a Christmas present . Initially , he told me he thought it was too big for her to handle and that she had not paid much attention to it.But after being awakened several times by gnawing sounds , he realized she loves it during her private time and is happily trying to get down to the marrow .
 Great collar at a wickedly low price.But Shipping to Canada much to high .
 I have a 45 lb Basset Hound and if you have ever had one they stink to high heaven . Must be that special Basset Hound perfume . Having these dog wipes keeps that under control . I have to wipe out the folds in her neck and also her ears to make sure that the odor does not overtake the whole house . You sure know when she walks into a room . Haha She is such a cutey though that I will keep her and just make sure she is clean . Basset Hounds are hilarious .
 It is a good product , absolutely necessary if you feed your cat a healthy raw diet . This is the best place to get Fel-O-Taurin .
 The only reason I bought this product is because I want to introduce my cat to a raw meat diet . Cats can not generate this type of amino acid by themselves , so they need to retrieve it from other food sources like chicken hearts . Though I did find chicken hearts in the local supermarket , it is not a stable supply . Thus , I found this taurine supplement on Amazon and use it to replace the natural food source of taurine . However , recently , I found chewable Cat 's multi-vitamins on Amazon that contains not just taurine but also other essential vitamins and minerals . Most importantly , my cat goes crazy over the pills , so I am replacing the taurine powder with vitamins . Either way , it is a great product if your cat is on a raw meat diet .
 I 've made raw cat food for my cats for several years . I 've been through a learning curve or two but feel I finally have it down . Supplementing homemade cat food with taurine is a must . I did n't add any supplements for the first 5 years and had two cats wither and die from hyperthyroidism . After my last heartbreaking loss I did more research and removed the vegetables and added supplements to my carnivores diet . They 're now thriving and I feel good knowing what 's in their food and not creating any waste tossing out cat food cans .
 We have used this powder for the last two years on the recommendation from our vet that we supplement our cats ' raw chicken food that we prepare for them . The only complaint that I have is that they have an awkward plastic scoop that comes with the package . It has two size scoops and neither are the size we need.Anyway , no other complaints.If you are interested in feeding your cats raw food , which I STRONGLY recommend , boy what a difference it makes for our cats !! They are stronger , more muscular , their poop does n't smell , they shed much less and they seem calmer and happier . Recently , my husband and I were on the road for a few months and so we were feeding the cats a popular `` natural '' grain free canned food . They lost weight and were totally unhappy.we buy chicken breasts from the grocery store , and put them in the food processor with oatmeal or white rice -LRB- cooked -RRB- , spinach , chicken hearts and a powder mix that we make which has lecithin granules , kelp powder , vitamin C crystals , brewers yeast , bran flakes , bone meal -LRB- I make a big batch that lasts about 4-5 months , as we do n't put that much in -RRB- . We give them about 1/2 cup in the am with this taurine powder mixed in , and 1/2 cup at night . THEY ARE HAPPY KITTIES ! And they are eating much closer to how they would in nature .
 I suspect my cat has a taurine deficiency , he does n't see well . My vet is puzzled but suggested I try a taurine supplement . I 've ordered several , most have other viamins/minerals , but this one is pure taurine , powdered and easy to mix with his food .
 This product is an affordable and very easy to use tasteless additive for home-prepared catfood . It came quickly and is in an easy ziplock bag . If you make food that you will freeze , either wait till you defrost , or add additional since taurine decreases with freezing . You do n't have to worry about overdosing on this one , since it just goes through them .
 My rescue cat does not have perfect vision , but 1/4 tsp . of taurine mixed in her canned food has helped immensely . It 's a whole new world for her to explore !
 nice for cats that are on raw diets being that they do lack essentiel vitamins.But my cat does n't really like the taste .
 I needed vitimans for my kitten to grow well . This was just right . Well worth buying and will again when I run out
 I use one of these wipes about once a week on my cat -LRB- after a good brushing . -RRB- And later when the solution drys her coat is soft and there is no hair flying around her . I feel comfortable when she comes near to me.I purchased these wipes first in a Pet store at about $ 4.54 a package , but Amazon.com price is better.That label says it is safe for the cats . She does not seem to mind the solution and it does not bother her .
 I have seven cats and I am allergic to cats . I just ca n't give them up , they were all strays . So I gave these cat wipes a shot . It seems to be helping . I have noticed that the cat I used it on did n't make my eyes itch when she sat on my lap . Another one that I had n't used it on yet did make my eyes itch . It does n't scare the cats like a spray and they do n't like it but do n't fight me too much.I will probably buy more . I was able to use one wipe on two cats . But having seven cats and applying this every two weeks will definitely require more that one package .
 The wipes seemed to help quite a bit in reducing my symptoms although it 's hard to truly judge the effectiveness when I combined this with some Zyrtec and an allergy spray for curtains and surfaces.Overall it seems to work , I 'm not quite sure though if it 's the product itself or simply the fact that you 're wiping down your cat with a moist wipe : -RRB-
 I got these because my boyfriend has allergies to my cat . My cat is not very cooperative and easy-going , and this is the one product I could use on her without her getting to grumpy . The wipes smell good , and I think it did help with the allergies . I do n't think it was a 100 % fix , but it definitely helped .
 I have a 5 year old wire fox terrier and he has so much energy it never calms down . I work 9-5 and this calms him down so much and like the other person said it 's almost like he 's in a trance . I spend a lot of time with him and walk him 2-3 miles a day , but he has the most sad look when I leave . I feel good about putting this on when I leave on repeat !
 I ran into this CD in the oddest store ToyRUs and thought I 'd give it a try cuz I noticed my dogs * Especially Maggie * goes through Separation Anxiety whenever we leave . So I 've heard putting on classical music calms them but I could n't find a Classical Music radio station . Once I got the CD home and played it ... my dogs instantly calmed down and went into what seemed like a trance like state . They were just laying down in their bed just chillin like a cucumber . I 'd recommend this CD to anyone with Hyper dogs or Any dog if that ! It 's also soothing to listen to for the owners as well . : D
 Regardless of the days when not much but lots of exercise takes the edge off my Border Collie , I liked the CD . Did n't put me to sleep , but it was pleasant to listen to . Sometimes I play it when I 'm on the computer working and the dog lays down . Ca n't tell if it 's the CD or he 's busy plotting his next escapade .
 been feeding this to juvenile convicts for a while now . the food is small enough for 1/2 &#34; to 2 &#34; fish and floats on the surface without fouling the water .
 Our Catahoula puppy loves this toy and we love to use it to wear out his energetic little body . He has been chasing and retrieving it for 4 weeks now and it is still in really good shape . He is 12 weeks old now . We do not let him chew on it because it will not hold up to that . This gave us the frequent opportunity to practice the `` drop it '' command . Our pup loves it and it is his favorite outside toy . He especially enjoys heading at it in a flat out run and try to scoop it off the ground to bring back . Overall a great toy , just do not expect it to hold up with a chew toy 's durability .
 It just takes a little practice to learn to throw it the right way -LRB- throw it over your head , rather than trying to side arm it -RRB- . Once you master this , you 'll see it 's a great frisbee ... in fact our favorite one yet . We have a Golden Retriever and he loves it too !
 This is on the small side for large breed dogs . A 16 lb . bag is about the max . I ca n't lift the bigger bags anyway , so that is fine w/me . This is great for travel . We accidentally left it outside our camper van one night while camping along the Washington coast . I woke up in the morning and could n't find the dog food . On a walk around the campground later that day , I found the bin in the woods . It had been dragged off by , probably by a family of racoons . They scratched and clawed , but could n't get at the food .
 I like this product alot . I just wish it acctually held the 20lbs it says it does . It holds just a little under that .
 Oh man , do n't listen to that grouch up there , I 've been using this product for over 2 years and it has completely changed my life . The wipes make it that much more ` simple ' and easy !! First off , you need to give your animal a bath and clean your house . Then wipe the animal down with the wipes . Then make sure you wipe down the animal once a week . With our last cat we had to give it a bath every 6 weeks also , otherwise my allergies would start to come back . Now we have another cat , and I have not sneezed ONCE since I got it on the regimen . . No burning eyes !! I even pet it and play with it ! We also have not had to give this one baths , the wipes completely do the trick . It depends on the person and the animal , find what works best for YOU.It 's also good for the cat 's coat , it is extremely mild with no irritation and usually they enjoy the rub-down .
 I doubt any product can totally eliminate all dander but it did do a decent job of at least decreasing the allergens from my cat . I have a feeling that an actual bath with an allergy relief product would work a little better but at the same time - who wants to bathe a cat !?!?! Not me .
 I had huge problem with pet allergies . I bought these wipes and it saved my relationship with my cat . Awesome product , works as described and I would highly recommend it .
 Very pleased with this purchase . It arrived in a very timely manner , and seems to be working great ! I will most definitely be buying more in the future .
 I really works . I have a large lab mix dog who LOVES to ` make noise ' ... usually during TV time . This works we can play quietly and she 's having a blast .
 I have two Clevercat Top Entry Litter Boxes . My two cats took to using the boxes very easily , including my large 16 1/2 pound plus kitty . I find litter scattering at a minimum with this litter box and the boxes are easy to clean , since if you keep one end against the wall -LRB- indicated on the box -RRB- the lid will stay up against the wall so you can easily pick up the waste to clean the box . Previously , I used litter boxes with swinging doors , but the doors would come out of the holes all the time and fall either into the litter or the floor . Or else , the doors would stop working properly and get stuck inside the box , so my cats would be locked in the box for a while . Clevercat is a clever invention .
 I know it will be difficult to believe but we put litter in the clevercat -LRB- the cat watched us -RRB- . Then she climbed right up on it , then in it , and used it ... all within a couple minutes . Talk about instant gratification . We are so psyched because we have two dogs who love litter box snacks . WOO HOO !!!!!!
 I was very skeptical paying $ 35 for what is essentially a plastic storage container , but if you look closer , you can tell its a very high quality product . The lid is firm and sturdy to support the weight of your animal and also the corrugation on the lid helps keep cat litter off the ground . That , to me , is the most important part of the design of the box . I HATE stepping on random cat litter as i walk around my home barefoot . Great product !
 Purchased this box after our self-cleaning model blew up -LRB- it was as big as a Buick and never self-cleaned the kitchen floor -RRB- . Next we tried theIris CLH-12 Open-Top Litter Box with Shield and Scoop . Problem was that Sadie really loves to dig and any box with a front opening just lets the litter fly all over the floor -LRB- the scoop was pretty good , though -RRB- . When I found the Clevercat on Amazon I was initially put off by the price ; It seemed a bit pricey for a large bucket with a hole in the lid , but I was ultimately swayed by the positive reviews . What we -LRB- Sadie and I -RRB- got for the money was a great design turned into a quality product.The box is sturdy and well constructed . The lid fits snugly but comes off easily . It would be asking too much for the cross-hatching on the lid to retrieve all the loose litter Sadie tracks out but it does a whole lot better than anything else we 've tried -LRB- fleece lined ramps , etc. -RRB- . The amount of litter left to sweep up is miniscule in comparison.An added bonus is the hole placement toward back of the lid ; The rest of the area creates a perfect surface for grooming , petting , or just hanging out . The overall footprint is small enough that I was able to move the box back from the kitchen into our small -LRB- ish -RRB- bathroom - now Sadie 's office . It 's always refreshing when a product comes along that exceeds expectations . The designers of this simple box seem to have thought of everything .
 This litter box has changed my life . I 've tried the high-wall litter boxes , the dome-style litter boxes , and NOTHING kept litter from spreading all over my apartment -LRB- especially with hardwood floors -RRB- . Gross!I looked into `` top-entry '' litter boxes , and first came across the beautiful `` Modkat '' litter box , which I may splurge for at some point . But for now , this works fabulously - I 'm sure just as well the expensive one.I only have one cat , but she loves to throw litter all over the place , scratch the walls and anything around that seems like it could be a good cover for her `` business '' . This now keeps all of that contained . I 've had the litter box for about 3 weeks now , and I 've only had to sweep around it twice to pick up the little litter that must stay on her paws after she jumps out.This was a fantastic purchase .
 It 's so hard to review this box . You see , we disagree , my cats and I. I think it 's the greatest invention ever . Why did n't someone think of it sooner ? The cleanest cat potty ever ! No tracking litter , it stays on the top of the box . No smell . No view into the box when walking into the room . Practically unnoticeable . The 30 gallon heavy duty trash bags work perfectly as liners -LRB- so much cheaper also than purchasing the Clevercat liners , which BTW , are not to be found in stores . You have to order them and wait -RRB- . On the other hand , my cats would rather use ANY other potty , including rugs , walls , or beg to go outside . It 's scary to them , I think . I have seen them go and look at it , then walk away , reconsider , go back to the box , go in , come out , leave the room , come back again , go into the box , use it and then RUN.Summary
 I bought this box because besides my 2 cats I have 2 small dogs . . The dogs are smaller than the cats so they can get into every other design out there . . and they love going hunting for `` kitty-rocca '' . -LRB- gross ! -RRB- . So this box has solved that problem . The cats go in and the dogs stay out . .
 I have 3 cats and 2 dogs . All three cats use this litter willing and faithfully . The best thing about it is the dogs ca n't get in it and help themselves ! If dogs in the litter box are a problem for you this box should solve it !
 I was looking for a litter box that would accommodate two cats in a SMALL apartment . The space for the litter box in our bathroom is only 15 1/2 inches wide , so it could n't be a wide or deluxe style litter box . The most important thing for me , though , was to CUT DOWN ON LITTER BEING TRACKED OUT OF THE BOX . -LRB- Emphasis on the small apartment ! -RRB- I have tried a couple different boxes , and was very skeptical that this one would be any different . However , friends gave us a gift card , so I decided to try it . I do n't know how it does it , but this litter box has actually substantially reduced the amount of litter that reaches our bathroom floor . I am so impressed by it and would highly recommend it !!! I will admit that the open hole does not do a superb job at keeping odors in . Our newest guy does not cover up his movements , so many a time we have had to reach in with the scooped and cover them up ourselves when the odor is strong . STILL , with that in mind
 Actually does what it 's supposed to . Dogproof , unobtrusive -LRB- a nice neutral oyster color -RRB- , the labels are plastic and come right off , and its corrugated top actually catches litter tracks . And our geriatric cat uses it ! Yay !
 What a great concept - so simple , but so effective . Initially I thought the box was a bit pricey , but after the first day I knew it was a wise investment . The natural curiousity of my two Siamese cats had them using their new box in a matter of minutes . I must admit we had a few chuckles seeing the head pop out of the top too . No more `` snacking '' for my two Malteses and no more messy litter bits and poorly aimed `` deposits '' from my girls . Buy it - my bet is you will be as pleased as I am .
 For the past few years I have been on a quest to find a litter box that does n't drive me totally bonkers . Well , for me , this is the one.At first I was apprehensive because I have four cats total , and two of them are afraid of their own shadows . I was n't sure if all of them would take to this foreign contraption . Well , two of them could hardly wait until I finished pouring the litter to give it a try . And the other two were n't far behind . So that answered that question.As for me , I have far less to clean up , which is what I have been looking for . Sure a few grains get stuck in their paws and end up near the box . But I ca n't even begin to express what a profound improvement that is from other brand X cat boxes . I no longer have to worry about my vacuum blowing up from all the litter intake.I like that I can pour extra litter into the box to make the scooping less toilsome . And since my cats love to throw litter everywhere , the lid and high sides allow for that without permitting them to create their own beach out of my laundry room floor.Five stars ! And I 'm going to buy one of these for everyone I know who owns cats !
 This thing is great as far as litter boxes go . It minimizes the mess as they do n't kick out the litter like they do with the regular boxes and keeps the dogs from helping themselves to `` scooby snacks '' ! The only downside is the price and the fact that amazon wo n't ship it to APO/FPO boxes , our military kitties serving overseas need to poop too ! That particular problem was solved by ordering from petco for roughly the same price . I did buy a second one for my parents house off amazon and as always it was a painless transaction arriving on time with free 2nd day shipping -LRB- got ta love amazon prime -RRB- . I highly recommend this litter box !
 I started my cats on this box as kittens . I tried a few other boxes but the leakage of litter on my wood floors was problematic . Hence I started a search for one that would cut down on the mess.I found this one and was put off by the cost , but after reading the reviews , I decided to try it.The cats can not kick the litter out of the box . The top is made so that it also traps litter . While yes , it appears that it is just a regular container with a hole in it , it is more sturdy , and my heavy cat feel secure on it and in it . Litter leakage has been contained to just a few granules instead of half the box.I gave one to my brother recently and he is now training his cats in it - he likes the less mess , but his cats do not like the work of going up and in !
 I 've had this litter box for a month now and I love it.Why I ordered the Clever Cat : My cat Alice who is 12 lbs has persistently kicked litter up since she was a kitten . She compulsively digs for minutes after finishing in the box , leaving litter everywhere . I 've tried every type of covered litter box *** including the Booda Dome *** and none of them kept litter off the floor . Alice would just kick the litter straight over the center of the Booda Dome out the hole in the front so the stairs did n't function as they were supposed to . Trying the clevercat was my last resort before just giving in to vacuuming every day around the box.The results : Both of my cats took to the box straight away . I helped ease the process by putting some of their soiled litter in the box so they would smell it if they were confused about where to go . As for the litter flinging and tracking : Alice has to poke her head out of the hole while she 's going so she ca n't kick any litter through the top afterward , and there is THE MOST MINIMAL TRACKING I 've ever seen from a covered box * when * the box is positioned correctly up against the wall . If I put the box near a table or any other surface the cats WILL try to avoid the lid and they 'll jump straight onto the other surface which tracks litter . I now keep the box isolated and there is practically no tracking at all . I have to vacuum maybe once a week.I suppose I COULD have fashioned by own box out of a storage bin but to me $ 30 is worth the polished look and saving my time and energy . I do think it would be more reasonably priced at $ 20 ; that is my only criticism .
 I was a little sceptical about this box . But it is amazing . No more peeing over the side of the box or scattered litter everywhere . Also no dog access !!!!
 I have used the Clever Cat for my 4 cats for about a month . I just ordered two more and all four cats had no problem making the transition . I needed a foolproof way of keeping my little terrier away from the litter box as he was getting into the litter and it was making him ill . The Clevercat litter box worked and I highly recommend it to keep your dogs out of the litter and because it 's much cleaner.John
 My cat learned how to use this litter box without much hesitation . It 's more private for her , and keeps the odors contained . My biggest problem was that my kitty loved to scratch and throw kitty litter all over the floor . Now , she can kick the litter all around , and the design of this box keeps the litter inside .
 I love the `` top cat '' litter box . My cat is medium sized and 2 yrs old . She had been using the traditional box . But , I made the switch by placing her inside the new box -LRB- I added some of her droppings to the new box -RRB- , and she never had a problem adjusting . Now , there is a lot less litter to clean up outside of the box .
 I bought this top-entry cat box for my 15 year old cat to keep my new puppy out of her cat boxes . It works great . The cat took to it immediately and the dog ca n't reach it . It is also much easier to keep clean .
 I think this cat box is a fantastic idea . As soon as I saw it I knew that I had to have one . I hunted for it online and ordered it immediately.As far as the cats ' -LRB- I have 4 -RRB- opinions go they 're not too impressed . They 've used it a little bit but seem to prefer the more traditional type . I 'll continue offering it as a choice and maybe they will learn to like it better . I 'm wondering if it 's because they are all at least 6 years old and old habits die hard .
 I 've tried just about every style of litter box
 We have a cat that is very large . She likes to lift her bottom in the air resulting in pee being sparyed out of all other cat boxes . She is not able to do this with this box . I love it .
 I really love this litter box . I have 2 in my home . When I got a kitten , I had to buy him one , too.First of all , I have a dog that LOVES cat litter -- well , what 's in it -LRB- ew -RRB- . I used to have gates up to my bedroom , or wherever the cat box was ... it was a BIG issue in our home as my dog is inside most of the time and the cat is inside exclusively . But now , I do n't worry at all , my dog simply can not get to the litter!That is why I spent almost $ 30 on the litter box in the first place . And seeing as this is my second one -- I ca n't find them anywhere but the internet -- I think that should tell you that it did what it said it would.But it also has other perks -- the top is corrugated , so it helps keep litter off your floor . Also , it is deep and contained , so when my little boy cat gets all excited about digging and kicking up litter , it stays INSIDE the litter box!I would say this is the most well-designed litter box ever.You 'll be satisfied no matter what.But if dogs getting in litter is an issue for you , this is a $ 30 solution . BUY IT !
 When I first got my kitten , my friend gave me an ExquisiCat Litter Pan which I used up until I bought this . The ExquisiCat Litter Pan was/is horrible ! My kitten would kick litter and dried poop all over the bathroom floor . I had to sweep several times a day . It was very irritating . My sister , who used to use a CatGenie , recommended this litter box to me . At first , I was skeptical because it 's $ 33 and I really did n't want to spend that much money on a litter box . I was so fed up with my old litter box and decided to give this a try . Needless to say , I am super glad I bought this . It is worth every penny ! I have had it for about week now and I have yet to sweep the bathroom floor . It blocks what little smell there is really well . I highly recommend using Dr. Elsey 's Precious Cat Ultra Scoopable Litter with this box . Clevercat Top Entry Litterbox + Dr. Elsey 's Precious Cat Ultra Scoopable Litter == AMAZING !
 I stopped having litter tracking issue ever since I got Clevercat.It 's perfect for my cat who is a very fastidious digger . The top cover helps keep the litter from flying all over the place , the high side walls give her clean spots to wipe her paws , and the corrugated top surface traps any leftover litter.Living in a tiny 225 sf studio , I find it very convenient to clean because there 's no latch or tiny opening to maneuver . The box stays inside the bathtub , and I just take it out every time I take a bath -LRB- I can barely find any litter in the tub -RRB- . If I have guests , I just draw out the shower curtain.The only problem is that it STINKS ! This is no longer an issue with baking soda , twice a day cleaning , and a weekly scrubbing . It seems like a lot of work , but it usually takes me 5 min max for a quick cleanup .
 Ok ... so I bought this box for two reasons . 1 . to keep the DOG out from trying to eat the kittys poop . 2 . to stop him from tracking litter all over the room.He loves the box , its great for keeping the DOG out from eating it ... YUCK ... but the mess is just as bad if not more . Easy to scoop out , seems to be a lot less smelly . Bags are not deep enough , but they work . Like this one much better than my previous igloo style box
 I have n't owned a cat since 2007 , when my precious friend of 12 years passed . Of course , it took me a long time to recover from her loss ; but part of the reason I did n't get another cat is because I have a dog . The dog likes cats well enough , but she likes their litter box even better - which is disgusting . When I succumbed to the sweet purring of TWO rescue kittens this past weekend , I knew I needed a better solution for the cat box issue - as I still have the dog . -LRB- Yes , I love my dog - just not her litterbox habit ! -RRB- I pretty much feel that when it comes to shopping - if Amazon does n't have it , I must not need it ! And since I am disabled , Amazon makes things easy for me with the free delivery -LRB- love my Prime membership ! -RRB- . So I checked out Amazon for a litterbox and found the Clevercat Top Entry Litterbox . Wow ! Why did I never think of this ! I ordered it right away , and it arrived in two days ! I adopted a 6-week-old kitten and a six-month-old kitten . I was worried that the smaller kitten would not be able to get in and out of the box - she can ! I was worried the older kitten might be too skittish to go in the box - she is n't ! The two days I had a standard litter box -LRB- waiting for the Clevercat -RRB- the older kitten threw every piece of litter out of the box before she used it -LRB- several times a day -RRB- . It was annoying . She seemed to know how to make the biggest mess possible . With the Clevercat Top Entry - no mess . She throws litter all over in there , and it stays in there ! A sample liner came with the litterbox , she did destroy that - but that 's okay . Both kittens use it well , the dog ca n't reach the litter , I am a happy -LRB- multiple -RRB- pet owner ! Buy the box - I like it better than any of the fancy electric litterboxes I used to buy ! I will be telling all my cat-loving friends about this litterbox !
 I have been using this box now for several years and I would n't trade it for any other box on the market ! I have had several cats , and they all loved it . I only had one cat the would n't use it and it was because she was too fat to jump onto it . The cats never kick litter out of the box . It is easy to clean , allows me to keep lots of litter in the box , and keeps the dogs out ! it is not track proof ... but is it the closest that you will find to it !
 BEST liter box ever . My cat took to it in no time . Cleared up the litter mess by 90 % ,
 I am very happy with this litter box , and my cat took to it immediately . The thing I like the most is that it catches most of the litter off my cat 's feet onto the lid and I have very little on the floor around the box now , which was my biggest complaint about my other litter boxes . It 's very easy to clean ; the rounded corners help in this regard . Also , I can often scoop out his jobs without even having to take off the lid . Like I said , best one I 've used yet .
 This is the best litter box ever . My cats used to leave half the litter and their `` disgraces '' outside the box , but with this box they ca n't ! The grids on the top catch most of the litter trapped in their paws so less tracked across the floor as they leave the room . Whoopee !
 Sometimes simplicity is the best answer . That is exactly what this litter box brings . A simple but effective design . There is a lot less litter that makes its way onto the floor . It seems to hold the odor in better that most . Other than the fact that I think it is slightly overpriced ... I LOVE this litter box !
 My cat loves it . There is no more litter all around his box , and he can dig in there all day for all I care . I keep it in a corner , I once placed it against one wall only and he tipped it over , but none of the litter came out . Buy this product , even if your cat does n't kick out much litter , you and your cat will be glad you did . I do n't know why exactly it is listed as a baby product .
 We have had this litter box for about 6 months now and it works great . We were a bit unsure if the cats would take to the new design , but we followed the directions of having it side-by-side with our old unit for a while and they could n't resist . The design is great for keeping the litter in the litter box . Our cats like to scratch and scratch and they often threw litter all over the floor near the old covered box . This unit does not have this issue . There will be some litter on the top of the unit , but that is by design and is not an issue.We do n't use the liners for this , but just clean it out and periodically dump the litter for a new batch . When we do that , we 'll wash it out , which is not a big deal . The unit is basically like a large storage bin with a smooth hole cut out of the top . Very clever design , which works well . It also keeps our dogs out of the litter box . Now if we can just find a way to keep them out of the cat food!If you are considering this unit , do n't hesitate . It works well . Sturdy and solid plastic . Not the prettiest thing in the world , but heck , it 's a cat box ! What do you expect ?
 I followed the directions to leave the top off the first day . On day 2 , my cat was using it with the lid on , no problems encountered . I ca n't speak to the dog-proofing effects of this design . My dog is absolutely laid back and has shown no interest in the box at all . The box does a good job of limiting over-spray . A lot of what does come out the opening is caught in the channeled design of the lid .
 i 've tried several different types of boxes . In fact , i was thinking about getting rid of my Hemmingway kittens because I hat messiness and clutter . This is the first time in 50 years i had a pet . This litterboxsaved my pets . No mess no fuss . i was afraid it was too deep for them since they were so small . Put it was no problem .
 I love this box for its concept and style and it does keep the litter off the floor . But unfortunatly , it depends on the cat . I have two older girls - one who is obese ; and a boy cat who is younger than them . the younger one doesnt use it because he just doesnt like it from what i can tell . the two girls are too old and heavy to jump up there all the time . I love this box , but my cats dont : - -RRB-
 I bought this to reduce the amount of litter being kicked out of the previous litter box and it has done just that . Such a simple design and might be pricey for what it is , but it does the job and more , reducing odor and keeping the dogs out of the kitty cigar stash . Would recommend this to anyone that has an indoor only cat , especially in an apartment .
 I LOVE this litter box . I live in a small studio type apartment with hardwood floor and I swear I slept with more litter than was in the litter box ! This has worked like a dream.My cat ignored the litter box the first day so I put some droppings from her old box and never looked back . She is using it perfectly . Have reduced the litter tracking by a good 95 %
 We have 3 big cats , this litter works better than any other ones we have tried -LRB- plenty ! -RRB- . So far , no more little rocks to sweep away every day -LRB- well a little but WAY much less work and we do not even use an extra carpet -RRB- . Odors are less present since the cover keeps it and helps and the fact it is so deep allows to put more litter , less odor and less daily cleaning . So far we clean once a day -LRB- for 3 cats ! -RRB- and it 's plenty enough . We are not using the liner as to me it is more work since the cats are damaging the liner with their claws and you end up anyway having to clean the litter itself and you save money not using them . Bottom line
 I loved my Cleanercat Top Entry Litter box so much that I have given it to my daughter and an elderly neighbor . Groves on the lid clean the cat 's paws and greatly reduce the spread of unwanted litter throughout the room . No more `` extra '' floor cleaning . Even mature cats adapt easily to this product .
 We went through several different kinds of litter boxes trying to keep our dog from `` cleaning '' the litter box for us . This one did the trick ! The cat had no problem learning to use it and now the dog is no longer helping himself to `` treats '' from the litter box.As an added bonus , we 're finding a lot less litter being tracked around the house . This beats every other box we tried -LRB- open , covered , Booda -RRB- . I recommend this box !
 This is the absolute best litter box I 've ever used . It prevents anything for escaping the box . Clean up is so easy and THERE IS NO ODOR !!!! Love It !
 This absolutely reduced litter tracking . Of course , it 's not going to totally eliminate the problem , but it is drastically less than with regular litter boxes . Especially if your cats are like mine , and not only track litter everywhere , but somehow manage to scratch it outside the covered box as well . I have two cats , ages 2 and 12 , and both adjusted immediately to the box without problems . I highly recommend this litter box .
 I have 1 cat who flings the cat litter far and wide in his zest to cover things up . It made for an awful mess in the bathroom and a lot of sweeping . I was hoping this would help . It has been far better than I hoped for . There is very little cat litter on the floor . I only sweep a couple of times a week now -LRB- as opposed to a couple of times a day -RRB- and there is n't really much to sweep up.Both of my cats took to the box right away . There was no adjustment period for them.I have tried many different styles of boxes . This is by far the best .
 Like most new products I get for my cat , it took him some getting used to . He 's also a little big , so I thought he might end up feeling claustrophobic and hate it . We did n't think to keep our old litter box around in case he did n't take to this one so we had some cleaning up to do during the transition , but after a few days we caught him using it for the first time and praised him like crazy . He does NOT like to have people around when he uses the litter box so we would watch from a far and then give him treats . Now he uses it all the time like he should and seems to really like it - even when I 'm cleaning it he rubs up against it and purrs -LRB- weird -RRB- . We have a dog that LOVES to get into the litterbox but has been completely unable to since we switched to Clevercat . Litter tracking is pretty much down to nothing now too , which has increased my quality of life . Nothing would make me angrier than stepping into the room and feeling litter under my feet , and that has n't been an issue since ! Also we do n't use a liner with the box and it works fine .
 My cat took one look at it and disapproved , but resigned herself to it and was using it just fine after about two days . The mess has decreased significantly , and I like this much better than the traditional litter box . Also , the litter box came in a giant cardboard box which is providing the cat with hours of entertainment . I 'm sure she likes that box way more than the litter box .
 Nice if you have dogs that are cat poop munchers . Makes it very difficult.and the cats feel safe and secure
 After dealing with our dogs eating the cat 's poop , we were so happy that this has worked out . Our dog 's ca n't get to it and our cat seems to love the privacy . Plus the corrugated lid keeps tracking at a minimum . GET IT !!!
 Ordered this for my studio apartment to prevent litter tracking and stinkiness . My young male cat took to it right away , and really seems to prefer the total privacy of the box . He &#8217; s a big litter kicker , so the top entry contained litter box design is perfect.Only criticism is that the liners they push for the box are pretty unnecessary . It comes with one , and I &#8217; ve just been leaving it in there to protect the box , and dumping the litter . I just wipe the liner down with a Clorox wipe after each change . I &#8217; ll probably replace the bag if he scratches it up , but I feel like a big trash bag could do the job just as well .
 This product is roomy and discreet and it took no time at all for my cats to begin using it , both of my cats seem to enjoy the privacy . There is definitely less litter tracked around , but I was a bit disappointed to still need to sweep it up every third day or so.On a separate note , I did not like the liners at all , they seemed pointless , other than to get in the way .
 I did not think that my cat Layla would use this litter box but I decided to try it anyway ... BEST LITTERBOX EVER !!!!!! I 've tried a hooded and sifting litterbox . Cleaning both was a huge pain in the butt . I would have to sweep up the litter that spilled out of the box , wipe down walls when she should somehow miss the box , and I 've even had to clean up poo off of the floor that did n't make it with the rest . Since I 've been using the top entry litterbox I not only do n't have to look at the undesirables when I 'm in the laundry room , but I rarely have to sweep . I do not have to wipe yucky stuff off of the walls and it 's super easy to clean ! I did put a step stool beside the litterbox so she would n't have to jump up so high . This box is the best ! I wish I would have gotten one sooner !
 I have 2 adult male cats and have tried many , many litter boxes over the years , including the Booda dome litter box and the Tidy Cats Breeze litter box , as well as traditional covered litter boxes . We have dogs , so I do n't want them getting into a traditional open box , this helps to keep the dogs out . The Booda dome would track litter onto the stairs on the inside of the box and it was a pain to clean up , often the litter would just track out onto the floor anyway . My cats did adjust to the Tidy Cats Breeze litter box , but 1 -RRB- it was gross looking at cat poop sitting on top 2 -RRB- one of my male cats pees at just the right angle to get inbetween the two plastic pieces , dripping it onto the floor . I made a suggestion to the company that try to make it with one piece of plastic which would alleviate that problem . We had the same problem with the covered litter boxes , my male cat would get urine inbetween the cracks , and sometimes onto the floor behind . This litter box has been the best by far , it was an `` ouch '' when I looked at the price , but it has been worth it . I liked it so much , I bought a second one . I was using a large plastic bin before this , and this is better , 1 -RRB- since I do n't have to look at the cat poop between cleanings , and 2 -RRB- there is still a little spillage of litter onto the floor , but less than the others , and 3 -RRB- they make bags that come with it for easier clean up . I never wanted to use bags before as they are an added expense , but they definitely make my life a lot easier . CleverKat sells bags that fit this litterbox , the other bags we have found to fit it are the Tidy Cats Jumbo liners for multiple cats -LRB- 7 per box -RRB- , which are a little cheaper , they sell them at Target and online on Amazon .
 My almost 17 year old six-pound cat had no problem using this . I cleaned her litter from the old box , but the remainder of ` nearly ' clean litter into this box and did nothing more . In the morning it was apparent the top-entry box was used and the amount of litter throughout the house was significantly reduced . Could I have made this myself like one reviewer suggest - yes . Would it have had a nice smooth opening and looked as good as this one ? Probably not . But after 16 years I think my cat -LRB- and I -RRB- deserve this box !
 I went through 3 catboxes with my cat before finally finding this gem . My cat loves to kick all of his litter out of the box because he scratches around so much . I originally had a plain catbox with no lid , until I discovered his nasty habit and upgraded to a covered pan with a doorflap . However , he would stand IN the door so the flap would stay open and he would kick litter out . With the top entry box he ca n't kick out any litter and there is virtually no mess . He took to the top entry method within an hour and has n't had any problems.Definitely recommend buying this if you 're tired of constantly sweeping around the catbox .
 I have two Siberian cats and one of them is 15 pounds . They both took to this style litter box quickly and the size of it is big enough for them . I followed the recommendations to leave the lid off for the first day and it worked like a charm . If you are not sure about taking the risk of purchasing it , take the dive . I 'm glad I did . You wo n't be disappointed and you wo n't be having to clean up litter every day !
 I have two cats , and loved the Clevercat while I had it . Unfortunately , one of them would scratch at the top to `` cover '' instead of actually covering down in the box -LRB- regardless of how much litter was in there -RRB- . Even in our current open litter box , she perches on the -LRB- very thin -RRB- sides and reaches down to scratch and cover - the Clevercat just was n't good enough to contain the smell of uncovered litter .
 I have four cats - the two old ladies got this new box and they adapted to it pretty fast . One used it right away but one pooped on the lid the first few days . She wee 'd inside it from day one but it just took her a while to decide it was okay to poop in it too . But she is quite dumb -LRB- but totally lovable -RRB- . Now , I also have a really big male tabby , he weighs about 24 pounds but is not fat at all , just really BIG , and he does not use it and also I have a very fat long haired -LRB- Maine Coon sort of -RRB- female , totally rotund , who does not use it . I can only assume they do n't use it because they are so big . For me , this is an advantage because I think it 's better if the use can be evenly spread out amongst the three litterboxes in the house . And this new one is in my bedroom so the less use it gets the better . If it were suitable for everyone they would all use it all night long because it 's the one nearest to me and I would not get any sleep . The design of the Clevercat has made it exclusive to the two old ladies simply because the bigger cats do n't like squeezing their big bodies down into the enclosed space . So yes - I really like the box as do my two normal sized cats . But if you have an extraodinarily large cat I would not recommend this box for that cat because it may not like it .
 I was intrigued by the design of this litterbox but there was no way I could see paying the price for what is obviously a rubbermaid tote box . Knowing I had at least 5 empty tote boxes in my attic I decided to follow the instructions posted by a previous reviewer and create my own . I cut a 9 '' hole in the top and , using a glue gun , glued an old hand towel to the top and around the edges of the hole . I put in clean litter and put it in my kitten 's bathroom , along with her regular pan of litter . She was only about 8 weeks old when I made this and I determined that she was still too little to get onto the tote so I used it to store some clean litter.Well lo and behold , in her 15th week she started to use this litter box on her own . I noticed she was using her litter pan less and less . I popped open the lid of my homemade Clevercat box and yep , she made the transition all on her own.Now I just have one litter box -- this one!It 's a great concept and it does cut down on the litter mess . I encourage everyone to make their own version though . Mine is a bit roomier in length than the $ 30 Clevercat version and best of all ... it was FREE to make since I already had the Rubbermaid tote in my attic!Win / Win !
 With three cats a good cat litter box is of vital importance to my sanity . I 've tried everything except for the self-cleaning kind -LRB- out of my budget -RRB- . I 've cleaned tons of litter off the bathroom floor as well as urine beside -LRB- and under ! -RRB- litter boxes due to extremely bad aim.Thankfully , the amount of cleaning I have to do is now down to a minimum . This litter box has a very simple design - basically like a plastic storage bin with a hole in the top - but it really does work . Since the top is covered , litter does n't fly everywhere when the cats scratch around , and it gives them some privacy too.You might still notice problems in the beginning if you have larger cats . My two smallest ones used the Clevercat perfectly from the start - if there was n't waste in the box you 'd think it was n't used ; there was that little litter scattered around . However my largest cat might have found it difficult to get in and manouver in the Clevercat , or was just being lazy ... and for the first few days tried to do his business without actually going through the hole into the box . I took the cover off for a day or so , and that took care of that . He uses it now just fine with the cover on.So , overall , the best litter box I 've used thus far .
 This litter box worked great for two large cats . It got rid of the terrible litter box smell as well as the annoying litter the cats kicked out on the floor . Also , there was no more worrying about liners getting pulled off a corner and cats subsequently peeing into the box itself - the top fits down securely over the sides of the liner and the liner is too tall to fall down . The tall liners also make cleanup easier ; you can remove the bag while keeping hands far away from the contents.Sadly , however , I had to give up on the box after one cat toppled over in it . I 'm not sure how this happened , but I just heard the commotion and saw him dart out of it never to return again . After that he 'd use the bathroom anywhere but in the box , so I had to give it up . I guess I might feel the same way if I fell over in a port-a-potty . Yuck!With steady cats , I highly recommend it for the ease of use and the low cost -LRB- compared to the pricey electric , self-cleaning models that work but ultimately break -RRB- .
 I have two of these litter boxes . One located in the bathroom and one in the back room . The one in the bathroom has the opening toward the wall -LRB- the idea being this forces the cats to exit on the side that will catch the most litter - the ribbed top does a pretty good job of getting the granules off their feet -RRB- . I 've also placed a small litter-catch mat just under the edge of it to the left , because we have tile floor in there and hate to step on litter in our bare feet . This is the path the cats always take -LRB- out of the box and off to the left -RRB- so this combination does an excellent job of keeping in the litter contained.In the back room , this box is not against a wall , so I 've placed a larger litter-catch mat under the entire box so no matter which exit route they take , the litter is caught and does n't go on the vinyl flooring . Both of my cats are 14 lbs and one has a long body so he pokes his head out the opening as he does his business . Both the cats took to the boxes immediately .
 My four jumbo cats flatly refused to use this type of litterbox as long as their conventional litterboxes were still available to them . I even usedPrecious Cat Cat Attract Problem Cat Training Litter , which has worked nicely for getting wild cats to use a box . So out went the gentle recommended transition , and in came tough love -- I removed all the conventional litterboxes , so their only choice was to use the Clevercat or , you know , go wherever . Banking on the fact that most cats are fastidious , fortunately they chose the box . Keeping the floors clean and odor down has become so much easier with the Clevercat . I also useKitty 's WonderBox , 3-Packthat fits perfectly into the box , and now I have a pretty happy setup . -LSB- The Wonderbox is a life-changing wonder in itself -RSB- . The dog was a big consideration for changing to this type of box , but he 's big , sneaky , and quite clever himself . He figured out how to get in there/knock it over , but this is admittedly a big Lab that lives for cat turds . Since it 's more difficult for him to get the goodies out than the conventional box , he makes less of a mess . Bottom line
 My growing kitten is now essentially full size . His hobby was scratching a total BEACH onto my laundry room floor ... also I had witnessed him practically standing up viertically leaning on a wall to get some ` business ' done as his old box was too small.I LOVE this box , and he does too . It fits under my folding counter in the laundry area , barely shows , and looks like another file tub at a quick glance . No hokey purple dome - I do NOT want the litter box being a decorative fixture ! I also love not seeing his open litter and whatever else . The lid comes off easily for my daily scooping . I will admit there is still a wee bit of litter that still ends up on the floor from his paws , but nothing like before . He does seem to like the privacy aspect , and he does fit fine in there - he 's a good size male too.I highly recommend this ingenious , simple low tech box .
 Yes , this is more or less a rubbermaid tub with a specialized lid on top -- but it 's totally worth the money . The fact that the entrance is on top drastically cuts down on tracking of litter , and so does the textured surface of the lid . Plus , this is a really good litterbox if you ever have had problems with cats who tended to pee just over the side of the box -- totally prevents that problem.It works best if you keep the litter filled more deeply than in a regular litter box .
 I 've had these boxes for years -LRB- I replace them yearly for sanitary purposes -RRB- . I think they 're great but they do get messy . The cats still have a tendency to go right underneath the opening which has them stepping in/out the messed area . The one star drop however is because my small dogs have finally figured out how to get in . Granted it took them years to figure it out and they were defeated by my placing the boxes behind a gate . But then again - I could 've put any boxes behind a gate and my cats could 've used the whole open space more easily .
 This is definitely much better than our last box which was a front entry . The tall sides keep out leaks , a recurring problem with all our past boxes . I give this only 4 stars though since the top could be made to fit more snugly . That way , the liner will be held in place firmly -- at present , our cat tends to claw at the liner and drag it into the box -LRB- a little duct tape works for now -RRB- .
 I was one of those who thought I could make this myself and save $ 25 . Since money is tight , I tried to so I can say with confidence , Just Buy The Daggone Thing!There are a few things about how they manufacture it that I found nearly impossible to replicate . First , the box is taller than most of the storage boxes I found in Walmart or Target - the harder to kick the litter out , my dear . Second , the grooves in the lid really do seem to trap litter when the cat jumps out - there is only a very small amount of litter outside of the box after a week vs. tons of it with other litterboxes I 've used . I was going to cut out a yoga mat to try to trap litter , but that would have been a mess . Third , as another reviewer pointed out , there 's really not a very effective way to cut a hole in the lid so that it 's not jagged or sharp . I figured that out AFTER I had bought the storage box - doh!I like the placement of the entrance and the directions on how to place it that are on the box as a reminder -LRB- hole closest to the wall so the cat has to put its paws on the top to get the litter out -RRB- and the depth seems to let me go longer without changing the box.Per other reviewers , I use thick 30 gallon trash bags and since I get those from Costco , even with the cost of the Clever Cat , I 'll save money from not having to buy the more expensive liners for a standard cat box . One caveat is that my cat does n't have front claws , so I do n't know if that would make a difference with using trash bags . I do n't think so.I considered many other options , but I am so glad I paid attention to the good reviews and then finally paid for the real thing . So to the reviewers who pointed out how foolish making a DIY version is , you were right . To those who feel better about spending lots of time trying to replicate this , knock yourself out . And to Clever Cat , thank you !
 I absolutely love the Clever Kitty ! I used to sweep my floor daily just to maintain all the kitty liter my cat would fling out of the liter box . Since buying the Cleaver Kitty it 's only a once a week thing . Huge time saver !! Well worth the money !
 This top entry litter box has been a success at our house . We keep the litter box in our bathroom and this has reduced the amount of litter on the floor . We put a stool next to the box to get give our cat a chance to get used to the box .
 I ordered this product after seeing a top entry litter box my son had purchased from another company . This box is much plainer than the box they purchased , which was a glossy orange color , but for the difference in price -LRB- this was $ 34 , the box they purchased $ 100 -RRB- , I think I got the better deal . The box is basically a storage box with a hole on top , but what makes it work is there are grooves on the lid to catch the litter . It came with one liner , and additional liners are available . I ended up removing the liner , which was basically a garbage bag . It works much better without the liner , which would not stay put and kind of scared my cats . I am a fanatic about keeping the box clean , so no liner does not bother me . I am quite pleased with box , though I think the price could still be much less . That is my only complaint , but I would recommend this box .
 This is the second Clevercat Top Entry we own now and they work great . Keeps the dog out of the cat box and the cats have no problem getting in and out . Only issue we have had was one of the previous ones shipped to us had an ill-fitting lid and we had to return it . Other than that , these are easy to clean !
 Wow , wish I had found this sooner . My cat has his box in a walk-in closet in my office . I did have a regular box on top of a large pan from the bottom of my dog 's old crate . I have gone through so many litters . I tried World 's Best after reading reviews - wow , I think it 's really stinky . The feces was actually better than the urine and I scoop twice/day as it is in my office . This is the best combo yet ! My cat is missing his hind leg and does just fine with the box . He took right to it . The Precious Cat works really well.I am very pleased .
 I never write reviews , but I had this time . I have a female cat with one kidney , super strong urine , and a really bad habit of peeing with her tail in the air . Early on I switched her to a traditional covered box , but the pee would drip down the sides on the inside of the box and seep through the cracks that joined the top and bottom of the box together -- nasty , smelly , impossible to clean . This box has made all the difference ! The liners also help protect the box inside , and nothing can seep out ! She jumped right in and did n't have any trouble adjusting . I actually look forward to cleaning the cat box , and my house does n't smell anymore .
 I purchased this litter box because my Yorkie kept getting into the box . It worked for a while but he eventually figured out how to jump up to the flat part to make his way in . My cat is pretty agile but finicky ... she would not jump over the baby gate to get to the litter box even though she is able to miraculously sit atop the refrigerator . I ended up purchasing a 10 gallon rubbermaid roughneck tote at Home Depot -LRB- about $ 7 -RRB- to set the litter box on top of . This has worked great ... not too high for my cat to jump up but high enough so the Yorkie can not make it .
 This is the 4th litter box we 've tried and by far the best . It 's private & tucked away . You do n't see poop every time you walk by it . Easy to scoop litter and clean when needed . I would definitely recommend this product , and secretly wish I had been the one to invent it . Such and simple concept .
 This box is a must for apartment living . Previously , we lived with our one cat in a one bedroom apartment and were cleaning around our old open box every few hours to keep him from tracking more litter around our tiny living space . We bought this and he used it only after removing the old box . So does he absolutely prefer it ? No . But has he used it without a problem since the day we made the switch ? Yes . Tracking greatly reduced , no matter which litter you 're using . Not to mention that it takes some of the disgust out of having to keep the litter box in your room ; the simple covered Sterilite type design makes it look innocent and unassuming . I 've even had a friend look at me in confusion and say , `` Wait , what is that ? Is that a litter box ? `` Now we 've moved to a bigger place , adopted another cat , and made the switch with her without any pomp or ceremony . She had actually used our male cat 's Clevercat previous to having her own . So , although I ca n't vouch for how anyone else 's cat will handle an apparatus such as this one , my Siamese and Ragdoll mixes gave me very little trouble .
 After using front entrance covered sand boxes for my cats for over 25 years , I decided to finally try the top entry kind . I have a tall 4 year old Siamese male cat , that likes to pee standing up , rather than crouch -LRB- must be a guy thing -RRB- , so many times I have found puddles outside the box . Also , lots of cat sand gets kicked or tracked outside the box , so I thought a top entry box should solve all this.I bought two different kinds of these top entry sand boxes , to see which I prefer.The Clevercat box , which I am reviewing here , basically looks like a storage box . To be honest , I could have just bought a storage box and cut a round hole in it myself with a dremel tool ! Perhaps I expected a bit more of a complex design from this thing . The major good thing about it is that I solved the out of box puddles and the major mounds of sand are gone ! Yay ! Plus , it fits nicely up against a corner . Most of my cats , when they are done , they just jump out of the box , straight to the floor and avoid the box lid altogether , so the tracking is still there , but it 's still a major improvement.Now the bad parts . Though the corners are rounded and the box fits nicely in a corner , the bottom of the box is still square , making it difficult to scoop . The second problem is removing the lid ; you need both hands to remove it , which is inconvenient , cause when I am about to clean the box , I am usually holding a scoop and disposal bag in one hand . You have to lift the lid straight up with both hands , or it catches on one side . Maybe that 's a good thing , cause this way the cats or even a child ca n't accidentally lift the lid off , but latches would have been nice . I think maybe the manufacturer was going for simplicity , here , thinking , the fewer parts the better.In conclusion , this cat box serves it 's purpose wonderfully , but I prefer the now discontinued Petco Top Entry Cat Litter Boxes with Caddy , -LRB- SKU # 1432036 -RRB- , cause it has an oval , rounded shape for easier scooping and has snap hinges to keep the top on , that can be undone with one hand.But of course I will continue to use this.Updated January , 2013
 This is a great product . The litter stays where it should
 We have used the hooded cat litter box for as long as we have owned cats . Our current cat , Peppino , is quite the disco dancer when finished with his business . His motto is `` Every defecation is a celebration ! '' Our Rosey Bourke Parakeet wolf whistles in accompaniment whenever he is pooping , so it 's always a party . We succumbed to buying this litter box in the hopes that it would cut down on tracking . And it has . But not completely . But a whole lot , and I only have to sweep a very small amount every two or so days , so I think it was a great improvement . Peppino seems to enjoy climbing in for complete privacy , and he can scratch and kick in there to his heart 's content . It would be nice if it was n't so utilitarian looking . Otherwise , we are very happy with it ! The price is a bit more than I wished to pay , but I also agreed with another reviewer that cutting a hole in a lid of a bin would look pretty low-rent . Also could be sharp . This hole is quite large enough for our 15 lb kitty .
 My cat enjoyed scattering litter within a 5 foot radius around his pan . The guy literally threw pellets everywhere . The litter type did n't matter , though some traveled further than others -LRB- I 'm looking at you , crystal litter -RRB- . Then came the puppies . I imagine you do n't need a description of the chaos that ensued.This litterbox solved both issues immediately . The cat 's litter party is contained and the puppies could n't access anything . The now-grown dogs do occasionally give it a shot , but no dice -- everything delightful is too low to reach . I have spaniels , and their shoulders do not fit through . Smaller dogs may `` luck '' out though , as may greyhounds with their slender necks.Also note , I 'm a cheapskate and did attempt to cut a hole into a lidded rubbermaid container before I bought my second Clevercat litterbox . While the cheap version works in a pinch , the plastic is much more flexible than the Clevercat 's plastic and the lid bent in under the weight of either my fat cat or the dog -LRB- I 'm not sure which straw broke that camel -RRB- . Cutting the hole was also a pain in the neck -- so much so that it justified the price of the Clevercat for me .
 I was really skeptical at first due to its design but it WORKS ! No more cat litter all over the floor ... No more poopy on the walls -LRB- my cat had some major litter box issues -RRB- ! BUT this litter box has corrected all of those issues . On top of that , it REALLY reduces the odor ... can it get ANY better ?!
 I live in a smaller apartment , so odor and mess were a huge concern . I switched from the conventional litter box to the Clevercat and never looked back . There is still some litter that makes it out of the box , but the lid does catch a lot . And if cleaned regularly you will never have any odor complaints.My only warning is that you need to make sure your cat will like the top entry system . I saw my cat get into boxes this way before buying the Clevercat so she took to it right away . But your cat may be different.Definitely worth it !
 We Like this litter box . Our cat took to it right away , no issue at all . We were tired of the litter mess on the floor , and looking into the box everytime we passed it in our spare bathroom . This box certainly is more discrete , and also tends to contain the odor , unless you are hovering over it . It has not completely eliminated the litter on the floor . Most of the litter does stay in the grooves on top of the box , but we still have a bit that needs tending . Overall a good product , worth the price , and we would buy it again .
 Ok , so maybe the cottin gin has this beat for the best invention ever , but this really is a nifty concept that actually works ! Our kitties , while a little bit hesitant at first , now refuse to use any other litter box . We had it out for a week without the top on -LRB- to let the kitties get used to the `` tub '' style -RRB- and then put the lid on , as the instructions indicated . The lid traps litter in a snap . The only `` con '' would be that this is n't as visually appealing as other litter boxes , BUT the fact that we have 90 % less litter tracking in our house because of it makes up for that small detail . HIGHLY recommended !
 We bought our first Clevercat box because our female cat was not using the regular , uncovered litter boxes and our vet suggested she may want privacy . Well , it turned out the boys wanted privacy , too . We now have three Clevercat boxes and no problems with anyone going outside the boxes.I like that I do n't have to look at litter if I 'm in the same room as the box.We recently adopted two kittens and I was worried they 'd be too small -LRB- 3 mos . -RRB- to use the Clevercat , but I was wrong . They hop in and out just fine , no problems.Highly recommended ! Our many cats approve !
 This is the best litter box I have ever had . There is virtually no litter outside of of the box and no smell . I 'm guessing that this would not be good for a kitten -LRB- a bit high to jump up on the top to get down in ... not to mention how to get out -RRB- nor a senior cat that may have problems like a kitten . I recommend this to everyone I know that has cats !
 I made my own at a third of the price and so far so good ! We bought an 18 gallon storage bin , cut a whole in the lid using a glass candle plate as a guide and called it good . Our new kitten has taken right to it AND , best of all , the dogs can not dig -LRB- yuck -RRB- through it like they could when we had the regular litter box -LRB- gross -RRB- . The top entry box is a great concept and had I wanted to spend the money and wait for delivery I would 've bought this product for sure .
 We went through 3 litter boxes before finally buying this one . Our cats tracked litter all over the floor and behind the box . We 'd bought one that had a curved half cover , but it kept getting kicked off and our cats would end up peeing partially over the side and making a big mess . They are both quite the litter kickers , so this top entry litter is absolutely perfect . They ca n't kick the litter over the side , and the lid keeps the smell in . The top has been really great for keeping the litter from their paws off the floor because of the grooving.I would really recommend this if you have cats that really track and/or kick their litter everywhere . My cats learned right away to go through the top , and there has n't been a problem since !
 Just wanted to add one additional comment that I did n't put in my original review - for those who have complained about the lid being difficult to remove , and it can be at times , instead of grasping it at the edges or outside corners , grasp it at the inside edge of the opening and it will come right off .
 This cat litter box is so amazing . It really does eliminate the cat litter on the floor -LRB- better then the conventional ones -RRB- . Also , the dogs dont really go into it as much -LRB- little dogs -RRB- . It is also a large box but it seems like its small because it is in a nice rectangle shape and fits in corners better then other boxes . I really recommend this box . it is my favorite box i have ever purchased . Yeah it is a bit expensive ... but i think it is worth it .
 ... and I never thought I 'd say that about a litterbox . Before this litterbox , my cat tracked litter all over my hardwood floors . The tracking has been virtually eliminated . I would recommend leaving the lid off for a few weeks until your cat gets used to it . I believe the directions recommended letting the cat use it a few times before putting the lid on but that was n't enough time for my cat to transition . My cat refused to go in when I first put the lid on and urinated on the floor . I then left the lid off for a few weeks and he started to use it again . I finally put the lid on again and no problems since !
 The litter box works . The cat went right to it , and the dog has stopped his disgusting habit . It does not keep the smell down , it smells like a litter box , but worth it . The cat is a litter thrower and that has also stopped as the sides are high .
 Wow -- does this solve a ton of problems ! And I was all ready to put out the big bucks for a ModCat litter box ! My cat is 14 , but she figured it out right away , and best of all , no more having to put the litter box in ridiculous places that my crafty dogs could n't reach -LRB- they just love those tootsie rolls ! -- ewwwww ! -RRB- Highly recommended -- get one now and life will be better in your critter department !!
 Who would 've thought I 'd take the time to review a litter box , but this really is great ! It keeps 90 % + of the litter , that my cat would normally kick on the floor , inside the box or on the ridged portion on top . It 's a bit pricey , but worth it over the long run in the amount of cleanup time you 'll save .
 The lid keeps all the litter in and keeps my dog out . This is my fave thing ive bought all year . 2 of my friends bought it after seeing mine and they love it as well . It is pricey bit totally worth it to me
 I have been searching and searching for a good litter box . I Have been through so many and have wasted so much money . When I got this , our smaller and younger cat was all for it . She used it immediately . Our bigger , older kitty was hesitant . I kept an eye on him and now he is using it ! There is no mess and it 's so much easier to clean ! I highly recommend it !!!!
 Both my cat and myself love this box . It could not be better . I used to sweep up litter everyday but no longer . The little bit that get on the floor is what is tracked out . I have a friend that kept trying different litter boxes with no success . I bought him one and he told me he loved me .
 This is the best litter box I 've found for my cats . It seems so simple , but it works great . There is very little tracking of litter out of the box now , which is great because I keep the box in the laundry room , and you do n't always wear shoes into the laundry room . I used to have to sweep around the old box almost daily . I also used to have to keep a baby gate on the laundry room doorway because , well , if you have a dog as well , you probably understand ... This box has completely eliminated that problem : - -RRB- Hands down , the best litter box I 've ever owned !
 Barely any litter outside the box ! Easy clean up ! Our kitten is 3 months old and has no trouble getting in/out of it either !
 What a difference these cat boxes make cleaning . Everyday I scoup and remove bad litter . The area stays undercontrol better then any other product we have tried . We also use a White 3 ' x 4 ` Washing Machine drain pain under each cat pan . They hold 2 cat boxes per tray . We have 5 cats and 4 boxes . The purpose of 3x4 pan is we have wood floors . This set up works great & boxes are awesome only litter from paws and pan under box catches that !
 I love this litter box ! It not only keeps the litter IN the box , it also keeps my small dogs OUT of the box ! It will also keep a large dog out of the box if it has a wide or big head .
 Clever design keeps litter from scattering around the outside of the litter box ; very sturdy and easy to clean ; would highly recommend .
 IF your cats will use this , I highly recommend it - no scattered litter or feces , smell is vastly reduced , and you do n't have to see the inside much either . BUT a lot of older cats wo n't touch this strange thing as long as there are &#34; regular &#34; litterboxes in the house as well - I have three cats and three litterboxes , and only the baby uses this one ; all three use the two &#34; regular &#34; boxes . I 'm not brave enough -LRB- or wealthy enough -RRB- to purchase two more of these and put them in place of the regular boxes ! My only real caveat though is the price - this is far more expensive than a plain plastic litterbox , and even than a plastic one with high sides , but I wanted to try one out , and was glad I did . The quality is extremely high - the box itself is very thick plastic , the snap on top well-fitted and very thick with ridges on the top to pull the litter off the cats ' feet , and all in all it 's a very thoughtful design . I recommend this , but do n't be surprised if your cat -LRB- s -RRB- do n't prefer to use it .
 The good : My cat likes the box.The better : My 65 pound black lab ca n't seem to get into the box!The not-so-good : Apparently my cat was having fun digging in the box because she tore some huge holes in the disposable liner . The first time you lift out the liner you should make sure your pet has n't ripped holes in it . On the bright side , my shop vac is fantastic at picking up kitty litter.Other : The lid is much sturdier than a rubbermaid bin 's lid . I 'd definitely go with this over a DIY effort .
 So , I was originally looking at the Modkat , but did n't want to spend $ 180 on a litter box . The clever cat might not be as pretty , but it gets the job done . My cat not only had a tendency to fling litter out of the box , but it stuck to her paws as well , spreading litter all over my house . It was disgusting , and made it practically impossible to step on my hardwood floor without cringing.Rahni took to the clever cat immediately . She used it from day 1 with no issues . Not only does the top entry help keep the litter in the box when she 's flinging it around , but the corrugations on the top pull anything off her paws that got stuck . I do recommend buying the specialty liners for the box . It 's about $ 8 for 10 , but totally worth it . All in all , the best $ 35 I 've ever spent . It gets a full 5 stars from me !
 I wanted a litter box that would work in my small bathroom . I ordered this litter box , and it is great ! It is the perfect size for my bathroom and my cats started using it right away ! It is now their favorite litter box .
 I only gave the product 4 stars because the overall appearance is somewhat lacking . I really love the look of ModCat , but refuse to spend that money on a litter box.My cat loves her Clevercat box . I had to toss her in it the first day because she was a little leery of it . Now she loves to use it and it keeps all of the litter she kicks around inside . It 's also great to give her privacy from our dog that likes to check up on her . My cat will shred bags , so I have used it without bags and have n't noticed more than normal staining.Appearance aside , it gets the job done and was a great price .
 The cats took right too it , and it seriously cut down on the cat litter around the box and in the house . Definitely a must-have .
 We have one female cat who could never keep her urine in the litter box -- no matter how large the -LRB- covered -RRB- box . Somehow she always was getting some into the back &#34; seam &#34; -- where the top met the bottom -- and onto the floor . It was gross !!!! -LRB- Our other 2 cats have never had this problem . -RRB- So my son said we need a top entry litter box . I went to the computer and typed in &#34; top entry litter box &#34; -- which lead me to discover the Clevercat Top Entry Litterbox . The cats started using it right away and have used it about 3-4 weeks . It also has cut down on the gravel dragged onto the floor by the cats . If I could afford it I would change all 5 of my litter boxes to this one !! One gripe . The lid is very difficult to get off .
 I have two adult cats and three of these litter boxes . I have not gotten SOOOOO in agreement with what the books say and what `` they '' say is best for cats , to the point that I have a box for each cat and a spare `` just in case . '' In fact , I am still one of those hard heads that uses one litter box for two kitties and figure that they had best deal with it . But , I still have three of these boxes because I used to have more cats.But the logic of this diatribe is that THESE BOXES ARE THE BEST . AND when I DID have 3 kitties who were not too friendly with one another , I was good enough to have a box for each . But , I know me and know that even though I now have only two cats who are content with one another , that some day , I will increase the kitty population within my home and will need all three again , so I hang onto all of them.The way I currently actually employ two of them on a rotational basis is as follows
 I was looking through several litter box options to solve my two main problems
 We love this litter box . We never thought our cat would use it -LRB- he is on the clumsy side -RRB- and bought this with very low expectations . He had a covered conventional box but the way he used it meant it would leak at the back seam and he would soil the surrounding area . We kept the old one next to the top entry box for some time and he migrated to the Clevercat box himself . I do n't know what it is but he seemed to prefer it . Also this box has significantly reduced stray litter on the outside . It 's much easier to clean as it does n't have any seams where ` stuff ' can get stuck and you only need to touch the top which stays clean . The only thing to remember is to keep enough litter in the box -LRB- about 1.5 '' -RRB- so it is stable and does n't fall over , especially if you 're cat is on the larger/heavier side . We made that mistake once when we kept scooping dirty litter out without putting some back in . I used to really dislike cleaning the litter box ; now I do n't mind it any more because it 's so easy .
 You do n't really think much about how cats pee , until you have a problem pee-er . One of our cats does n't pee down into the litter , like most felines . He pees nearly horizontally . As you can imagine , this poses quite a problem.We 've spent so much money trying all kinds of different litter boxes . We thought that a covered box was the obvious answer -- newp . It would hit the side of the box , trickle down , seep into the seam between the top and the bottom of the box , and leak out the side . What 's a kitty parent to do?I had been on the verge of buying a giant plastic storage box , the equivalent of the bottom of the Clevercat box , figuring that the high sides were just what my boy needed to keep his pee in the litter . A friend of mine suggested that a friend of hers -LRB- I know , I know -RRB- , had had success with a top-entry box . I checked it out but was wary of spending $ 35 on * another * litter box . Since , really , I was just paying for the grooved lid , with a hole pre-cut -LRB- aka , no jagged edges ! -RRB- . But I decided to take the plunge.We have not had a single problem with kitty pee outside the box since we started our kids on this contraption , about a month and a half ago . -LRB- With the exception of a bit on the top , when we wait too long to clean it -- ca n't blame them , I would n't want to walk around in my own excrement , either . -RRB- As an added bonus , those grooves on the lid really do help keep tracked litter down ! The kids ' other parent is very sensitive to tracked litter , and has been very pleased with this box as well.I 'm not the kind to easily give a top rating , so believe me when I say this box is worth every penny ! -LRB- Unless you do n't care about the top of the box , or are handy with molding plastic . -RRB-
 This litter box is especially suitable if you have dogs who enjoy `` cat crunchies '' . The design with the entrance on top lets the cat in and keeps the dogs out . There is virtually no litter tracking either .
 I am always cleaning up cat litter around the litter box . I 've tried a variety of litter boxes -LRB- regular , dome shaped , enclosed -RRB- and this litter box keeps the litter inside the best . I did not buy the bags to go with it , as large lawn and leaf bags work fine . There is some problem with the cat ripping through the bag , but I 've taken to double bagging and that works fine . A small amount of litter is still tracked out of the box , but it 's much better than before . The only negative is the direct view into the box , which at times is pretty gross . Overall , very worth the investment .
 My dog LOVES to snack on kitty roca . I 'm pretty neurotic about keeping boxes scooped and clean , but he has magical radar that tells him exactly when one of my cats has to go and he gets it fresh , then comes back for a kiss . UGH!This box has 100 % stopped his snacking on poop . He tried to climb into the box once and got stuck halfway , I guess he scared himself enough that he has n't tried again.My male cat is larger than average and he has no problem using this box . His head sticks out while he goes , but it does n't seem to bother him at all.The one drawback is that it does n't reduce litter scatter as much as I 'd hoped , but oh well , I still love it !
 Simple box , but solves many problems . I think this is the best litterbox out there .
 Works great . No mess . Took a day for my 6 month old kitten to get used to it , but after that no problem . I recommend .
 This litter box is great . It stops the mess of litter all over the place because the kitten goes in the top hole . . The lid has some groves that pick up any litter from the cat 's feet . The kitten enjoys the privacy of going into this box while my 3 pugs ca n't get to the poops . This is a clever and simple idea.The odor seems less noticable with the hole on top . No problems cleaning it and it is easier realy than the other kind where I used to have to take the whole top off .
 We have two cats , the one adjusted well to this box , but our other simply refused to use it . She peed in the sink , the bathtub , and our area rugs , anywhere but in this box . If your cat will use it , it is great to reduce litter all over the floor , it really helps cut down on the mess .
 I am in love with this box . It controls digging scatter and odor , and my cats seem to enjoy playing `` up periscope ! '' and other cat games . I fit the box in between a counter and a wine rack so I have not experienced tipping issues . If you are pretty generous with the litter I think the weight of it will help keep it right side up . I do not use liners , merely hose as necessary , and this seems to clean up easily enough . I have used both clumping style litter and pelletized recycled paper style litter and I think the clumping style is your preferred option - helps to dessicate the `` product '' and allows for more time between cleanings and less tracking through the home.good luck!Kiki , Zaphod , & Mogwai
 This product 's awesome ! It was recommended by some friends of ours to eliminate the big mess of litter surrounding our boxes and the tracks throughout the house . - Not pretty on hard woods . We 're so impressed with the first we 're buying another ! Btw , I did a little shopping around to compare prices . Amazon was the least expensive .
 This litter box is much better than any other litter box I 've ever used . . even the conventional ones with lids . I thought it would be difficult for my cat to get used to the new style , but she switched no problem , and we have 99 % less mess than we did with the front-entry boxes !
 If I 'd seen this product at a store , I never would have bought it . But , after reading all the reviews , I thought , what the heck , I 'll give it a try . Glad I did ! Kitty litter mess has been reduced considerably .
 The Clevercat Top Entry Litter Box works wonderfully . My 2 cats did not have any trouble at all getting used . One of my cats is a bit older and I was afraid she might have some trouble but she seems to like having the privacy . My other cat is rather large but he does not have any trouble fitting through the hole . The box is large enough for both of them plus with the tall sides and it being enclosed there is no litter or mess of any kind to spill out . The mat like top replaces the one I had on the floor and really traps the litter much better . Over all the area around the box is cleaner , the litter & contents are unseen , the odor is kept to a minimum , and the cats like it . It is also very easy to clean .
 Small dog owners can rejoice at the top loading litterbox . A dog ca n't get inside but an agile cat can . There is also less odor emited with a top loader and less litter spread around after they knock their paws on the lid . When cleaning the box , just turn the lid upsidedown and let the loose litter on the top go back into the box .
 I adopted a very sweet cat from a shelter but soon discovered that she was SERIOUSLY lacking litter box skills and etiquette . -LRB- Peed up the side of the box , did n't cover , and often left ... remnants ... outside the box upon exiting . -RRB- A covered box seemed like the best option but the lid and bottom did n't seal well and trapped urine in the crevices -LRB- a PAIN to clean ! -RRB- , and a couple of times I even discovered her peeing with butt aimed out the door ! As a last ditch effort I bought a top entry box . It seemed a bit pricey for what it was , but I was determined to find a solution , and not give her up . Problem solved . FAR less litter outside the box , EASY to clean , almost NO tracking or dropping of remnants outside the box , and as for the horrible pee issue , well , unless she figures out how to pee straight UP , even she cant get anything outside this box . She seems to like it better too . I 'm guessing because the top opening provides better ventilation . There are no crevices so there is less odor . And there 's something very comical about seeing your cat 's head sticking out of the box . Some cats might not like that but , obviously , pride is not an issue for my cat .
 I have owned cats my entire life , 55 years . I have used every type of litter pan/box ever created , including the various self-cleaning electric ones and the non-power easy clean . You know the ones I mean-the turn it upside down and clumps fall into a litter drawer and so forth . None of them work as well as this top entry one . My cats have ruined the self-cleaning ones by uriniating on the rake or near the power pack . The rakes are impossible to clean when urinated on . The self-cleaning ones do not work when a cat likes to eliminate on the back of the box . Covered pans also do n't work when the cat likes to back up next to the back of box because as the cat eliminates it drips out the seam where the lid fits and onto the floor or wall.I found this box by accident in a catalogue and it is the answer to almost all of the problems associated with litter boxes . There is no seam for waste to drip through , there is no litter scattered around the box and it 's environs and so forth.This pan uses strong bags created just for this pan ; add clumping litter and put top on it and your mess with litter is gone . My cats have learned to use it within a day , including the one I just adopted from the Humane Society . Cats who like to dig , fling litter around and just play before exiting love this box , and so do I . This box fits under my bathroom sink . I remove the waste clumps every morning and add more litter as needed and one bag can last a very long time . Should you need to wash it out , it is very simple . I have been using this pan for a year now after spending enormous amounts of money for every style available including the electric self-cleaning ones . I will never buy another type of pan . This design is so simple , I do n't know why it was n't invented sooner.Feb 2010
 I purchased this about a month ago after reading positive user reviews , and anticipating possible problems with my dog getting into the litter -LRB- which turned out to not be an issue -RRB- . My cat adjusted quickly to the top-hole design . I have noticed , however , that sometimes my cat prefers to hang over the top and drop his payload - thus , he does n't actually get down into the box , and does n't cover his poop - which stinks to high heaven.A side effect of this behavior is that it has apparently encouraged my cat to start using the toilet to pee in . If the lid and seat are up , I have seen my cat jump on the edge of the bowl , and balance on all 4-s while peeing in the toilet - he hits the mark every time ! Now , any time the toilet lid and seat are left up , we are likely to find pee in the toilet . Sounded great - until my wife started complaining that we need to train the cat to flush the toilet too !!
 My husband and I have been quite satisfied with this box and in fact we own three of these.We have tried several different litter boxes -LRB- regular uncovered litter boxes , self-cleaning litter box from omega paw , Kitty Komplete Covered Litter Pan by Stylette , Booda Dome , and many others -RRB- . My biggest cat -LRB- Houdini -RRB- is 18lbs and has not manage to tip it over or anything . It definately helps with litter tracking issue.I do agree that the corners are a bit hard to sift but I may try a different scooper shape . I also think the custom bags make it a bit hard to sift it properly.Overall , we have found this litter box best for us .
 My cat is wonderful in all aspects , but he always left a mess after using the litter box . I have tried the ones that has a detachable rim and has high sides , and I also tried the mat that claims to reduce trace of clay bits , but none of them worked . When I saw the Clevercat Top Entry Litter Box at Petco , I thought , what a clever idea and I wondered if cats actually use it . After I read the reviews from Amazon , I decided to give it a try . The price at Amazon is much better than buying it at the store , and it arrived in about 1 week.My cat used it right away without a fuzz , and it leaves no trace of clay on the floor . It is absolutely amazing to see the different betweeen using this litter box and other convention ones . Now , we have a very clean floor , and I do n't need to worry about stepping on the clay bits or damages on my hardwood floor . The different is day and night !!!! If you do n't like having clay bits all over the floor , this is the answer . You ca n't go wrong with this .
 I had two litter box issues . One , I needed high sides because my cat 's peeing habits left much to be desired , but who wants to see the the cat do her business ? So I usually went for covered boxes , but most had poorly designed joins between lid and base which allowed urine to leak out . Two , my cat had a tendency to do her business and then rocket out of the litter box spraying litter everywhere behind her in the process . I had to sweep up the bathroom multiple times a day . I finally got the Clevercat Top Entry Litter box , and hooray no more puddles and no more sweeping ! My 10 year-old cat adjusted to it quickly and had no difficulty getting in and out .
 We have four older cats . We first ruined their lives when we had our kids . We then ruined it further by bringing home a stray dog . Sooo to repent to the cats - we have them living their retirement years in our bedroom . Which brings up the cat poop - gross . Stinky , plus cat litter everywhere . We tried covered ones . Nope . No cover . Nope . Those litter mats in front . Nope . This is the best . Caters to their hiding instinct & keeps the litter & the box somewhat discreet . Plus , makes it tougher for the nosy dog . I hated looking @ a litter box in our bedroom . This is the best choice for us . Easy to clean to boot .
 I 've tried many and this is by far the best . My toy poodle likes to get into the litter box and this one is dog proof . I did n't buy it before because I thought my 16lb cat would n't be able to get in and out . He has no problem , the hole in the top is larger than it looks in the pic . My little siamese is a digger and loves to get litter all over the floor , outside the box . Now , she can dig all she wants and it stays in the box .
 I ordered this cat box for my Mom 's kitty - mainly because she had a problem - `` oversquirting '' the back wall of the cat box ! It was a terrible mess ! This cat box took care of the problem completely ! It worked out so well , I ordered one for my 2 cats ! I was concerned that they might have a problem adjusting to the top entry , but it was not a problem at all ! I would highly recommend this cat box to anyone ! It is the BEST !
 The box is much easier to clean that traditional configurations , and it is entirely successful in defeating the dog 's interventions . The only negative is that one cat , the 12-year-old is a bit reluctant to use it sometimes , either because of a touch of arthritis , or because she does not feel as safe from her younger , more agile male companion when she is busy inside . Nevertheless I would chose this box over any front-entry box we have ever used .
 Having both a cat and a dog is fun ... but watch out your dog is n't enticed by the luring scent of freshly made kitty `` litter '' . We tried everything to stop the dog from making her way to the litter box including supplements in the cat food that changed the scent of the cat 's `` litter '' . But the simple idea of placing the entrance of the kitty litter in the top of the box is the best idea ! And as a special bonus there is no longer any cat litter tracked on the rug ! What happens in the litter box ... stays in the litter box.Two considerations to make , though , before making this most wonderful purchase . The cat has to get used to leaping onto the top of the box and going into the litter box . This is not a problem for our kitten and for younger cats . But the older , more gentile cats do n't have the patience or the muscle tone to make the leap and are thankful for the traditional entrance.You 'll also need to make an extended effort of getting specialised bags to line the box . There are refills available on Amazon , but they 're not easy to find in the store and the box requires an extra deep , extra wide bag to line the litter box.But if you have a younger cat and can stock up on liners , it 's a worthy investment . Our kitten especially enjoys jumping up and delving into the cave to do her private business .
 Let me take a moment to describe the situation I was in that prompted me to make this purchase.After using the litter box for it 's intended purpose , both my cats then spend a solid chunk -LRB- no pun intended -RRB- of time trying very hard to bury their poop . Except they suck at it . They scratch the sides of the litter box , they scrape paint off the wall . They pretty much do everything except actually cover their poop.And then they run . No calm litter box exits for my cats . It 's like they 're bolting from a crime scene and heading for the getaway car.The result of all this was litter strewn about the box , and anyone reading this probably knows well the migration patterns of common household litter . I was sick of constantly sweeping and vacuuming the litter box area , and as I often do , I turned to Amazon for help.I was astounded at the number of options and the recent advancements of litter box technology . There are some fancy and complicated litter boxes out there!Since I was n't sure what would work , I decided to start with simple and relatively inexpensive and go from there . Happily , I have n't had to look any further since receiving this Clevercat box . It works exactly as advertised , and they have instructions on how to get your cats adjusted to their new box.That said , I did n't quite follow the instructions . I put the old box and the new box side by side for a couple weeks , and made sure I witnessed both my cats using the new box before removing the old one.There is almost no litter tracking at all anymore . I find the smell is better too.Based on some of the other reviews , it 's clear that this box does n't work for all cats . But in my opinion , it 's worth taking a chance to see if it will work for yours .
 The clevercat top entry litter box is GREAT ! I was hesitant at first , but all our cats will use these , there 's less litter scattered around the outside of the box than other litter boxes . I now have 4 of these litter boxes . The proper number of litter boxes is -LRB- # of cats -RRB- + 1 + -LRB- # of litter boxes -RRB- . I really like this , and would highly recommend it !
 I 've had these boxes for years through probably 6 cats or more and they are the ONLY kind I will ever use . It keeps almost all the litter contained -LRB- some sand catches in their feet and will get tracked out of any box . Do n't use clumping litter but use the larger pellets and I bet that problem is solved -RRB- and I have never had a cat not take to it immediately - even kittens . Just give them a box or step to use to help them get to the top and I 've had as young as 10 week olds use it . I think they like the privacy . It also completely prevents dogs from getting in and rooting around . Just for that it 's worth its weight in gold ...
 I bought this litter box because I was having a problem with my cat flinging litter everywhere when he jumped out of his conventional litter box . I am happy to report that this box has eliminated 98 % of litter spillage . This box is amazing.The first day after I set it up , I heard my cat meowing in the other room . This went on for a minute or so , so I got up to check it out . He was confused , staring at the box . I picked him up and set him on top . He peeped in the hole , and put a paw down in the box . He then jumped in and did his business . It 's been smooth sailing ever since.The lid does a great job of catching excess litter that my cat still has attached to his paws as he 's jumping out.I would highly recommend this litter box . It 's been a life saver !
 I switched from an omega paw roll n clean litter box . I loved that box because it sifted through the crap without me having to do the dirty work . I decided to try out the crystal litter since my cat tracks litter like crazy . With crystal litter you have to dispose of all the litter when you replace it , so I switched to this box . Less tracking , and I can put a garbage -LRB- 30gal -RRB- bag in it to dispose of the litter . Regular 13 gal trash bags dont fit , so just buy the large 30gal ones and youll be fine . Easy to dispose of old litter . No dust!I have since gone back to regular litter -- my cat did not take kindly to the crystal litter . He not uses this box exclusively and hasnt made business in his old box since . Tracking is very minimal , and my large male persian cat fits inside this fine . Surprisingly enough , this box seems to smell less than his other box , which is confusing since his old box had a covered top . He had a problem not burying his duty , but with this one it seems like he buries it whether or not he tries to . Great purchase . The adjustment period was problematic , but has THANKFULLY passed .
 Who I am
 I was skeptical about this box . But I needed a new box and thought I 'd try it . I use pine litter and it does not track as much as some litters but still does . This box eliminates basically all tracking . It suggests that you ease your cats into it , but my two took to it right away without issue . It keeps most of the litter contained and I think it 's so cute to see my cats heads poking out the top , hehe.I would not recommend this if you have older cats or cats with leg , hip , back issues as it may be difficult for them to get in and out . I would def recommend this to a friend looking for a new box .
 I have 3 cats with 3 different litter habits and I tried all kind of boxes
 I have one of those cats who has , um-m-m , typical male bad aim . So every box we tried still ended up with pee over the top and onto the floor . Today , I 'm a happy cat owner and this is the perfect solution . PLUS an added benefit
 I have one word for this product , and I will repeat it three times
 This litter box has been ideal for me , but I know it depends on your cats . Before this box , I had a covered box from Petco with a plastic door that the cats would enter through . The problem was that they spent forever scratching around inside the box , making tons of noise , and despite the plastic door a lot of litter always ended up on the floor . Even more problematic , one of my little kittens is not too smart and would halfway enter the box and then start peeing on the floor through the opening . The CleverCat box solved both problems -- all the waste ends up in the box and there 's no litter on the floor . The top entry system and the corrugated top of the box are great at catching stray litter and removing it from their paws as they exit . Since the hole at the top is open , there 's sometimes a problem with odor , so I keep some Arm and Hammer cat litter deodorizer next to the box to cover up any poop that they leave uncovered and is stinking up the place , and I clean it out every other day . Overall though , this box is much less work , cleaner , and results in less tracking of litter dust . I 'm sold !
 Let 's face it . I 'm lazy . I could have made my own version , for much less . I did n't want to fuss with it , and why re-invent the wheel ? I 'm perfectly happy to pay somebody else to do the trial-and-error for me . The sides are high enough that even an enthusiastic 7 year old ca n't flip out too much litter when he 's scooping it out , and there 's so little litter tracked on the lid that it 's just knocking it back into the box . The area around the litter box is almost entirely litter-free , now . I do n't hesitate to recommend this box to anyone with a cat .
 I have never owned a cat before so this is all new to me . I first purchased theOmega Paw Self-Cleaning Litter Box , Large , Green and Beige . That litter box is great ! The only problem is that my kitten -LRB- 6 months old -RRB- did not like having a cover over him and would go to the bathroom outside of his litter box . He is a Ragdoll and is a pretty big cat . The Omega is pretty small , even though I purchased the Large version . The Omega is great for me , no scooping ! Just flip the box over and the litter goes into a pull out drawer . I would highly recommend that litter box . In fact I would still be using it if my kitten would ! After speaking to the breeder , she recommended me finding and open litter box . I knew he kicked litter around alot so I did n't want a totally open litter box so I then purchased theIris CLH-12 Open-Top Litter Box with Shield and Scoop . Again , a great litter box for the money but he was still kicking alot of litter out of the box when he went to the bathroom . I was shopping in Petco and saw theCleverCat Top Entry Litter Box . I thought , hmm ... . there is an opening for his head to stick out of yet it is completely enclosed ... would this work for him ? I figured it was worth a try . Well ... . he seems to love this box . Not a single accident and he goes in and out of this box with no problems . The price is way too high for this litter box but the concept is basically what you are paying for . I read one person made his own top entry litter box but I could n't do that . The top of this box is much thicker than a regular Rubbermaid top , so I do n't know how sturdy a homemade litter box would be . The top also has a grid pattern on the top of it which helps catch litter when the cat comes out of the box . I put a litter catching rug under the CleverCat which I bought on clearance at Petco and the litter has been contained by both the lid and the rug . I highly recommend this litter box ! If you cat does not like enclosed litter boxes or is a big kitty then I strongly recommend this box .
 Cats had no problem taking to this new litter box ... and now I do n't have to worry about the dogs sneaking in to eat unmentionables !
 I 've had this litter box for about a week now and I am LOVING it ! I was having a big problem with litter being tracked everywhere and kicked out of the litter box all over the place before I got the Clevercat . I even had a litter box with high sides and it was still a problem . The amount of litter tracked out of this box is so much less now . I only have to sweep once a day and even then , there is n't much to sweep . My two cats took to it right away so no problems there . I am taking off 1 star because for $ 35 , I would expect a bigger box . It 's certainly tall enough , but the length/width could definitely be bigger . $ 35 is pretty ridiculous in my opinion . : -RRB-
 Our biggest problem with other boxes is that the cats would kick the cat litter out of the box ... Not fun to pickup . We have tried more than a few types of boxes , higher doors or some kind of fancy this or that . But this box has been the BEST and probably the solution to our problem . It 's basically a `` Rubber-Maid '' container with a hole in the lid . The cats have to jump in and out of the box which keeps them from kicking litter out of the hole because it 's on top.I would highly recommend this box to anyone who has cats that like to kick/cover their litter .
 This is just what I needed . My kitty loves this box , and she even wipes her paws off on the top before she steps down . Very little to no litter gets on the floor , and it keeps the smell in ! This littler box is better than any of these other expensive ones on amazon .
 I have two cats . One who is 13 the other is 4 . About a year ago , we started having some `` accidents '' with one of the two going in front of ordinary boxes rather than inside . I decided to try this box after hemming and hawing over the price . It seems to have worked ! I figured worst-case would be that they would go on top rather than inside but after 1 year of use , that has only happened once or twice and no more on the floor ! I was concerned about the 13 year old cat using it because she is quite lazy and much larger than the younger cat . It has not been a problem . They both use it . I have another ordinary box downstairs , but this box gets used more.I 've also noticed that they do n't track as much litter out of the box . There 's still litter everywhere , but it 's less than before . I recently started using the crystal liter without a liner and it 's been working well . The liners were always a problem because the younger cat would just go in there are spend 10 minutes ripping it to shreds . I 'm very happy with this box and am glad I got over my hesitation with price .
 I completely love this litter box - it has cut down on the amount of stray litter granules significantly . My cats took to it in no time and I actually think they like it more than their old , side entry models . I highly recommend this to anyone who has a litter box that is within view ... we have limited space so ours has to be near our dining room - but this litter box makes it so that we do n't lose our appetites any time we sit down for dinner . It 's a GREAT idea , really ! You wo n't be disappointed !
 We have a dog that insists on getting into the litter box , and I do n't mean to use it . The Veterinarian suggested that we get a top entry box and place it against a wall . We have n't had any issues with the dog getting into the box since purchasing one of these . We recently adopted another cat and decided to add a second litter box . We knew it had been a year since the dog had seen a regular litter box but he still went after it . So we ordered one from Amazon and it arrived quickly . This actually gave us the opportunity to see an additional advantage to having this box versus a open front box . The litter is n't scattered about in front of the box . The cats leave it inside , or it 's on the lid . This makes for a nice clean floor . I will definitely purchase another one if something ever happens to ours and would recommend it to everyone !
 I got this from a recommendation from a friend who said this litterbox did n't allow her cat to get litter all over the place after the cat did its business . My cat was tracking litter all over the carpet -LRB- even with litter control mats outside the litter box -RRB- , so I thought I 'd give this a try . While not reducing the litter tracked on the carpet completely , I 'd say it 's about 90 % less than the standard Wal * Mart litter boxes I 'd tried in the past.The only bad thing is because of the hole on top , the smell does escape more easily than front entry litterboxes with doors/flaps . But with the lack of litter on the carpet , it 's completely worth it !
 I never thought I could love a litter box this much ! The Clevercat box has a very simple but effective design . It is a bit pricey , but I definitely thought it was worth it considering what it offers . Our cat adjusted to it very quickly with no accidents ; within a day we had the lid on it and she was using it as normal . I originally bought it because I wanted a litter box the dog ca n't get into , but the top entry and corrugated lid do have an added benefit of keeping most of the litter off the floor . I would definitely recommend getting it if you 're tired of the dog snuffling through the litter looking for `` treats '' . We have a pug and I 'm happy to say that the top entry has thwarted her attempts at getting to the cat leavings . However , I would n't buy it if you have a large dog , as I 'm sure they could probably use their height to their advantage and just poke their head through the entry hole . Our puggie is simply too short and her legs are too stubby to be able to get near the entry hole . She still sniffs at it sometimes , then huffs in disappointment and waddles away . I can finally leave the box unsupervised without worrying about the pooch 's nasty habit ! Despite the shortcomings this box may have for others , I 'm giving it 5 stars because I 'm really happy with it so far and it could not have worked better for me . Thank you Clevercat , for making my life much easier !
 I 've bought just about every kind of litter box ever made . Tray boxes , self cleaning boxes , hidden boxes - you name it ! By far , the best litter boxes I 've ever gotten my cats are these Clevercat top entry boxes . They hold a lot of litter -LRB- for those with a tribe of kitties -RRB- are easy to clean and the plastic does n't hold odors . The lids are n't as strong as they could be -LRB- they crack -RRB- and they can be a little difficult to remove from the top of the bin at times . I wish I could buy replacement lids as the boxes are n't inexpensive.Don ' t get suckered into thinking you have to invest a bunch of money into the Clevercat brand liners . There 's nothing special about them except for their size . They are n't very strong -LRB- my cats shred them -RRB- and heavy duty garbage bags do a much better job for a lot less money anyway .
 I like this box a lot because my cat tracks hardly any litter on the floor now . It is also a deterrent for the dog . My only concern is that the cat does not use it as much as he did in the past and uses the litter box in our bedroom more often which does not have a lid.I would recommend this to anyone however , the cat hops in easily and like I said hardly any litter is tracked on our floor now
 i love this litter box , definitely does what it claims to do . my cat is middle aged and a bit over weight , but he had no trouble adjusting . it really makes sharing a small space with a cat much more comfortable . some reviews say that it is smelly , i have n't found that -LRB- no smellier than an other litter box , duh ! -RRB- the only thing i 'd like to point out is that location is key with this box . my last apartment i put it in a corner and it worked fantastic . now in my new home i still have boxes everywhere and my cat has been able to track some litter out , but still much improved over other boxes . so if you have a good corner for it you wo n't be disappointed . i 've bought this same box 3 times in total
 The top entry litterbox solved a problem we had been having for a long time . We have a 5lb . pomeranian dog who took to eating cat poop in the last year . She craved the stuff so much that if we were n't paying attention she would follow the cat to the litterbox to see what was cooked up . This product solved everything . The only thing we have now is a pom going through poop withdrawal . Oh , and the cat had no problems adjusting to the new box .
 I purchased the Clevercat Top Entry Litter Box because I had a neutered male cat that was standing up in the regular booda litter boxes with front entry . The urine was leaking out between top & bottom , and front entry whenever he used box . The Top Entry Litter Box solved my problem - the sides are too high . Now I do n't have a `` mess '' to clean up all the time , and my other 3 cats like it also . I now own 2 Clevercat Top Entry Litter Boxes .
 Great litter box that is definitely worth the price . My two 7-year-old male cats took to it fairly easily . Has totally eliminated that annoying pee `` seepage '' that occurs with covered boxes and has kept tracking to a minimum .
 I am pretty sure my cat has DID , or what used to be called Multiple Personality Disorder . Because of this mental illness , my cat alternates between being just cute , cuddly , sweet Marty who will cuddle up next to me , purr , and lick my hands as I pet him and being a fiesty cat who we call Crash . Crash knocks knick-knacks off of high places , tips glasses of liquid , pounces on my head in the wee hours of the morning , attacks the dog as if he is being filmed in a new action film , and likes to scratch , and scratch , and scratch in his litter box until I feel like I am walking on a pebbly beach in my bathroom.I was finally able to track down one of these Clevercat litter boxes -LRB- I live in Europe -RRB- . I placed it in the same place as the other was in , which is in a walled corner of the bathroom , with the toilet on the third side . I put the side with the hole against the back wall . This means Marty/Crash has to walk across the top of the lid to leave the box , thereby catching and trapping any litter remaining on his paws . So , not only does this litter box prevent his scratching habit from showering our floor with litter , but it also catches almost all of the litter stuck to his paws . I have been amazed that since I started using this box , I have not seen any litter on my floor . I love it ... LOVE IT ! Also , my dog can no longer try to eat what the cat leaves in the box -LRB- so gross ... surely , there is a mental disorder for that as well -RRB- . I do not use the bags because they are a waste of money since the box is deep and stays pretty clean.Now ... If I could only find a solution to the other problems , I would be set ; however , short of not having a cat , I think the other problems are normal cat behavior ... Well , at least normal for my mentally ill cat .
 I must say this is the best litter box ever!My kitty would sit on the edge of the the old litter box and pee over the side . So I got a covered one . She would sit in the doorway and pee over the side . So I got a covered one with a flap door . She would n't even bother going into the litter box but would just pee on the floor beside it.This box is a life saver ! She took to it the first day . It 's easy to clean - just like a big tupperware tub.Cons
 Having just adopted a younger cat -LRB- 9 M -RRB- , who had a great deal of `` fun '' kicking around litter , I was going crazy . That and he stands up to pee . I was concerned at first that he would n't know what to do with this box , but the brochure suggested throwing in a few clumps of his old litter . No problem ! He figured it out like a champ . The litter -LRB- and pee -RRB- stays inside and any extra litter from his paws gets trapped in the grooves on the top . YAY!My only gripe is that I wish it was more attractive . Just looks like a cement-colored rubbermaid storage bin . I know that sounds like a silly complaint , but my place is rather small , and I do n't have many options to hide it . I 've seen another litter box -LRB- modkat -RRB- that has a similar concept and very chic -LRB- for a litter box -RRB- but it was $ 180 -LRB- um , hello ?! -RRB- . Just wish someone could create something more in the middle -LRB- color choices , modified shape -RRB- I would however highly recommend . I ca n't see going back to the old style litter box ever again .
 I have two cats who took to Clevercat pretty quickly . For the first day I left the lid off as suggested and then put it on the following day . A lot less cat litter around my apartment and no more accidental missing of the cat box . Easy to clean ... just shift the litter from one side and then to the other . Very pleased with my purchase .
 At some time or another , we 've come across some handy lil ' doo-dad of an item that was pretty cool and very simple and thought `` Now why did n't I think of that !? '' , all the while imagining some lucky Son-of-a-Gun having an ice cold ` umbrella ' drink on a remote beach somewhere while raking in millions for his idea ... And THIS item would be one of those!Duh . . somebody somewhere was probably moving or traveling a great distance with their family kitties and just grabbed an empty tote box , cut a hole in it and that 's what became the makeshift catbox created out of dire need - and what a great idea it was!I do think that the price is ridiculous - they do n't need to make that much of a profit on something that is an obvious simplistic idea ! They could charge half as much as they do and still make a nice profit , so that 's the only gripe I have about this item - very greedy with the pricing.I have lots of friends and family members with catboxes and we have all compared the types we have and I 've read the reviews of probably 8 or more cat boxes and never knew there was so much to learn about the topic ! But , I did learn alot of things from reading these reviews and it really helped me in making a choice and really studying my own cat and what his habits are.I had one of those ` furniture ' type items that you could use as an end table , etc that has a door with a hole in it for the catbox and it was n't inexpensive - was over $ 100 ! But , other than having an end table there , which I needed , I absolutely was fed up with the mess and the smell of the catbox . For one , he frequently either missed the catbox , or purposely ` sprayed ' the inside walls of the enclosure . Then , he clawed the thing inside and out , so it became unsightly and ruined . On top of that , urine and wood do not mix , it quickly ` burns ' its way into the wood and you ca n't get that smell out ! Then , the cat litter was everywhere on the inside as well as being tracked outside and I had to clean it all twice a day ! No thanks - no more!So , a niece showed me this one and I went and got one . As I removed the other catbox , I simply gave him no choice as to where he was to go . He took to it right away with no problem . I just carry the whole thing -LRB- it 's so light -RRB- over to the toilet and scoop out just the poop and flush . It 's as simple as that and I wish I would 've done this YEARS ago ! I do n't smell anything at all , and have wondered even if he was actually peeing in it , but I can tell that he is -LRB- I use the Feline Pine type of litter -RRB- . This has been the greatest thing ever and I would recommend very highly . The only thing is , you have to know your cat - if they ca n't jump , it might not work out.I also love that the dog ca n't get to it and leaves it alone ! Yes !
 First of all , I will say that this box is a challenge for a cat to get in and out of and it should NOT be the only box offered to most cats . If you make it too hard for your un-athletic or arthritic cat to get in and out , you will find a lot more than scattered litter on your floor and it will be your fault for inducing poor litter box habits . You can make it easier for your cat to get in and out by leaving off he lid and placing a sturdy box or stair-step beside the litter tub . As someone who has volunteered for over 10 years for cat rescue and counseled many pet owners on liter box problems , I have to remind everyone that the last thing you want to do is make it more work/less pleasant for your cat to do his business in the litter than on your floor , it 's much easier to maintain good litter habits than fix problems!However , in our household of 3 cats we previously have been using 3 of the jumbo Biddy Cat boxes , which I love because they are large with sloped sides , easy to clean and easy for the older cat to get in and out of . As you know you should always have at least one litter box per cat.However one of our cats prefers to stand up to pee , rather than crouch . The Biddy Box is taller than most trays so the accidents were reduced , but he still every couple of months would leave a big puddle in front of the box , where his pee just went right over the side . Jumbo hooded boxes did not help , because he 'd just pee right out the door ! He 'd leave his tail dandling out and just go - right there.Tired of cleaning up that mess , I got a Clever Cat box and placed it near the Biddy Box . Our `` stand up pee-er '' cat immediately started using it - in fact he LOVES having his own `` pee box '' . Now he can stand right up -LRB- now I see that he actually was * trying * to keep it in the box before , because now he 's just peeing at normal standing height , which would have gone over the edge every time in the old boxes.We transitioned after about a week to using the box with the top on . This box is only ever used for peeing , and I have not actually yet SEEN him go in it , he uses it at night or when we 're out . But he certainly is using it , and no more accidents.The box is harder to clean than the Biddy Cat , since the sides are vertical and he box is so deep , but you can bang on the side to dislodge stuck urine balls and then scoop , then wipe the dirty litter box wall down with Nature 's Miracle or very dilute bleach to remove the urine residue.We will keep the Biddy Cat boxes because I would never expect our arthritic kitty to do the gymnastics to get in and out , but it 's nice to have the extra box and know that our Clever Kitty was smart enough to realize that this was a special box just for him : -RRB-
 We love this litterbox and wish we got one years ago . It really cuts down on the tracking of litter throughout the house .
 Our cat was awful about eliminating near the litterbox . We even tried the type with the removable lid , but still had issues . This box has been great for us ! I gave it 4 stars because it does NOT keep the dog out of the litter . The other downfall is that nobody in my local area sells the liners so I have to drive out of town or order online .
 We bought this after my 13 year old cat starting hanging his rear end outside the litter box . This led to a puddle of pee to clean up almost every time I cleaned the litter box . Thoroughly frustrated , we purchased the top entry box to fix the problem . And it really did ! Clean up has been a cinch ever since . Very little litter tracking and both our older cats took to it immediately . My only complaint is that it 's not as large as our old litter box . I wish it came in a large size because we have to clean it more often with 2 cats using it . Overall , it 's been a lifesaver and I highly recommend it .
 I love this litter box . I was thinking of making my indoor cats , outdoor cats . I had been using a littermaid for years . There was litter everywhere . The box was gross impossible to properly clean.I could n't keep up with it . Not to mention the smell . My cats were going outside the box for the first time ever.I needed a much more sanitary option . I found it with this box . I also purchased the Litter Champ . Together my problems are so in the past . Even though I have to scoop for the first time in years I do n't mind it . Its a lot easier than having to remove a litter filled plastic box . UGH ! For some reason it appears to be less of a stoop compared to litter boxes I had in the past . The high sides are great because thaey catch everything.I scoop a couple times a day but it 's a breeze with the Litter champ ! The top lifts right up so you do n't have to struggle to open it . My laundry room smells and looks so much nicer.My cats took to it after a couple of days . The first 2 days I left the top off and scooped everytime they were in it so the litter would be super clean -- a big difference from what they were used to . I did not scoop the other at all . On the third day I put the top on it threw the bacteria ridden Littermaid in the trash and we have been blissful together ever since .
 There is no such thing , yet , as the perfect literbox . I do think this one can be easily improved though and for me the design takes care of my biggest problem ... flying cat poop.I have a female who likes to poop and in the process of cover it up -- send it flying right out of the traditional covered litterbox and onto one of the walls that are placed in it 's path.None of my cats -LRB- I have four , one is a foster -RRB- are overweight or a big breed . My biggest cat is one of my males
 I have a senior female cat that has a tendency to urinate over the edge of all the other litter boxes I tried . Finally with this one it all stays inside , so no more stinky mess that had to be cleaned daily.I have n't actually put the lid on yet so not sure how that will work out , but my cats can get in & out now with no problem . -LRB- If you want a cheap solution you could just try a storage bin . -RRB- UPDATE : Unfortunately my senior cat got too weak to jump up into this litter box , so a found a better solution
 Clever Cat keeps dust and detritus from flying out of the box when Kitty digs vigorously in the litter . If you can train your cat to use it , I highly recommend Clever Cat for its labor-saving design .
 I 'm so grateful to the creators of Clevercat Top Entry Litter Box . This simple item has released me from a neverending nightmare of cat urine all over the place . DISCLAIMER
 Ca n't recommend this box highly enough . I used to have a major litter kicker and tried all the fancy purple domed booda boxes without success . I recently got one cat and 3 foster kittens . The new cat came with this box which he used and the kittens took to it immediately . They much preferred it to the open boxes they had been using . They feel safer hidden inside.There is very little litter tracked out , no kicking , or anything slopping over the sides because there are no sides . I think it smells less too.I have a litter box-obsessed dog and it 's not dog-proof . He 's a clever , motivated retriever . I would think it would be safe with smaller dogs . I 've tried putting clips on the sides but that has n't worked so far.I thought of just making my own by buying a rubber maid type container and cutting a hole in it but you need a really solid lid , not a flexible one like most of the storage containers come with . Otherwise the cat ca n't jump up on it without feeling unstable and might get frightened.I ended up buying 4 of these for the 4 cats . They are pricy but I have about 5 other litter boxes which I 've had for up to 20 years , left from my previous cat . You spread $ 32 dollars over 20 years and it 's nothing.I bought mine at Petsmart for less than they are listing here .
 My favorite part about this litter box is that it helps keep everything clean . There is a section on top where the cat can clean out her claws before tracking litter all over the house , which is a huge help . The lid can be removed for easy cleaning . Overall , a useful , worthwhile purchase .
 I 've been through 3 or 4 litter boxes now and this box is by far the best . I have a 5 month old kitten and an almost 3 year old cat . They both adapted to this litter box immediately , my older cat even did his business in it before I was even done making space for it ! They 've been using it for a few days and I 've noticed virtually no litter tracks in the bathroom , when it was a big problem before . The odor has also been greatly reduced . I love the fact that it looks more like a storage box and there 's not an opening where everyone can see their waste -LRB- the boxes have always been in a high-traffic guest bathroom -RRB- . All in all , I think it depends on your cat , but I would recommend this litter box to anyone . Buy it !
 It stopped the cat from throwing litter -LRB- and turds -RRB- on the floor . I use heavy-duty garbage bags -LRB- 33 gallon yard/leaf bags -RRB- instead of buying the more expensive clevercat brand .
 This litter box is compact and discreet , and keeps litter from being tracked all over the place . What more could you ask for !
 This is a great product . I have two cats and have tried all kinds of litter boxes . One of my cats is a real `` kicker '' and no matter what kind of rug I put underneath the old litter box , I always had litter on the floor . Of course , then they track bits of it all over the house . I even put the litter box in a bathtub to try to contain the problem . Now , no more litter everywhere ! My cats went right to this litter box and had no problem using it immediately . It is easy to take the lid off and scoop waste out . It is easy to change the litter completely . I have n't been happy with covered litter boxes I have tried in the past , but this is a completely different concept that both my cats and I are happy with .
 When I moved to a new house I started researching litter boxes to replace the one I was going to throw out . I had a conventional covered litter box before and tracing outside the box had always been an issue . After reading many reviews on the Clevercat top entry box I decided to go for it . I am so glad I did . At first I was worried that my cats would not use it . I quickly found out that they had no problem at all with the box . They really liked the privacy in it also . Now for the best part ... almost no tracking of litter ! This has been a huge help in box clean-up . Any litter that does get out of the box usually ends up on the top lit which is designed to catch litter as the cat gets out of the box . If your looking for a new box and if your worried about tracking you ca n't go wrong with this one .
 I have two female cats - an older one that I have had for 6 years and an 1.5 yr old , that I got about 8 months ago . I needed a litter box that would reduce the amount of scattered litter . With the old boxes , I had to vaccuum repeatedly to get a clean signal from my hepa filter vaccuum . The scatter would be around the litter boxes , and into the hallway . I have had the new boxes for about a month now and there is a significant reduction in the scatter . The worst offender was the 1.5 yr old -LRB- this is actually the 3rd box I have bought her , she is not good with her aim -RRB- . When I got the boxes I did a complete swap and removed the older ones . My cats took to them immediately .
 I bought this litter box because I was having such a problem with my chihuahua mutts constantly sneaking away to get some `` all-natural '' tasty cat treats only to come back for kisses with cat litter stuck to their noses and mouth . I was n't sure how the cat would react to the box or how persistently my dogs would try to get at her `` treats '' . Maybe my cat is super smart and my dogs super dumb but this litter box did the trick . It also took care of the litter tracking even though that was n't the main reason why I bought this .
 I 'm way too impatient to follow instructions - LOL . I just added litter , put the lid on and left it next to the regular catbox for one day . After that I took away the old one and acted very `` loving '' towards the new litter box . My 4 month old kitten did n't have any problems at all . But I have one - how the heck do you get all the AIR out of the liner once you put in on and dump the gravel ? I ended up dumping the liner .
 I suppose you could save money and make one without the ridged top for collecting litter , and I have seen other reviewers who hot-glued a towel to the lid to catch the litter , but personally I had zero interest in making a similar litter box.In the past , we tried an open litter box and a covered litter box , and our cat managed to fling out a ton of litter so that we needed to sweep daily . Even then there was quite a bit of tracking . This litter box has virtually eliminated the tracking . Worth every penny , she transitioned to it very quickly and easily . This is a very well-made and sturdy design . Easy to clean too , we do n't use liners at all .
 We needed to keep our idiot dog from getting into the litter box -LRB- nasty -RRB- and this product seemed like the best , most affordable solution . The cat was wary of it and would not go for about a day , but he warmed up to it , and it is working great . If you have idiot dogs with a taste for cat doody , this box should work great .
 Got this style of litter box because my cat would sometimes pee on the edge of her old , covered litter box , and it would seep between the lid and the box or over the opening to the floor . She had no trouble adjusting to this one . It completely contains her output , and it does trap litter in the top so there is less on the floor . I highly recommend it .
 Love it definately stops litter traffic by at least 80 % . However my cat does go inside took a while for him to get used to it . I now find him stading on the top of it straddling the hole peeing and pooping from the top like a toilet LOL . . Oh weel He is using it both ways .
 I was going to stop visiting my son 's house . I just could n't take that awful cat smell anymore . And the gritty main hallway -LRB- even though they were constantly swiffing , dust-busting , vacuuming and mopping . -RRB- They were using a hooded box with a flap-door for their two cats . I read through all the reviews and comments for this Clevercat -LRB- and laughed quite a bit ! -RRB- I bought one for them -LRB- if it did n't work they could use it for recyclables ! -RRB- The cats took to it right away -LRB- they jump into anything anyway -- bags , boxes , suitcases ! -RRB- And George is 14 pounds . This box is easier to clean even though they do n't use the liners . Very little grit around anymore . And NO STINK !
 Not only is my cat a clever cat for using this box , but I 'm a clever cat mom for buying it ! It 's worth every penny ! My not-so-clever kitty was in the habit of walking into her old fashioned covered litter box , and not turning around before she would tinkle . Needless to say , sometimes the tinkle came out the door and went on the floor . Now with this new box , there are no more messes . It has also cut way down on the litter tracking . She adjusted to the new box very quickly , with no problems . Thank you to the person who invented this box !!
 I clean up a lot less litter than I did before . They can not kick the litter out of the box a long with there waste . Much cleaner and worth the money I spent .
 We had one of those hide away litter boxes where the litter box goes into a piece of furniture . Well since my cat lifts her butt in the air to do # 1 , it just soaked into the furniture and the smell grew over time . This box is wonderful . She had no problem when we switched . Jumped right in and used it the moment we put it in place . Very happy customer !!
 I LOVE this cat box !!! What a great idea . . because of it 's unique design it keeps the vast majority of the litter mess and smell inside and contained . I used to have litter tracked all over the house , and even though I used automatic deodorizers , there was still that cat box odor in the room - yuck . Because the only opening is the hole on top , it contains most of the odor . When they hop out any litter on their paws tends to fall into the lid ridges and is easily returned to the box when cleaning . I also find it easy to scoop out . . bravo . I know some reviewers recommended just buying a tote and cutting a hole in it ... but the lid design is so very sturdy , and the ridges on it catch the litter upon exit , so IMHO it is worth it to get this box and not opt for a home made version.I bought it because one of my cats tended to back up and pee against the wall , resulting in a constant mess being created in the cracks between the top and bottom sections of the box . This required scrubbing out the mess frequently and sometimes even using q-tips to get it out , disgusting . Enter the clever cat , and kiss all that goodbye . I realize that perhaps not all cats will accept the new design , but luckily , all three of mine just hopped right in from the first day . I believe the vast majority of cats will adapt , they may even like the additional ` privacy ' afforded them in the box . This innovation is a win-win for all concerned .
 Top entry was a great saver from kitty litter all over the floor , while also relieved the problem of pee coming out the sides of the litter box . Convenient and easy to clean
 I own 2 dogs that love to raid the litterbox looking for `` treats '' and upon reading the reviews here decided to purchase this product which has single handedly ended my problem . Was n't sure if my cat would like this and it seemed that it took him no time to use it and have n't had any problems with him going outside the litterbox . I agree with one reviewer this seems like a glorified file box with a hole in the top but I can live with that because it does what it 's suppose to do !
 My wife and I had tried many different types of litter boxes including ones with doors and stairways . Nothing keeps the little pebbles of litter from getting on the surrounding floor like this box ! Now I wo n't say NO traces of litter will make their way onto the surrounding floor , but it 's much less than with other boxes . And the cats do n't mind the top entry at all ! We have two boxes and they work like a charm . SOme might use the liners but we just use the clumping litter so I ca n't comment on the liners .
 We have tried all the litter boxes out there , from the grocery store disposable one up to the LitterMaid deluxe . We had n't found anything easy to clean and satisfactory for our `` fat '' cat -LRB- 17 pounds lean -RRB- . Lately , Tiger has taken to urinating standing up -LRB- a true man , I guess -RRB- . With our old litter box , that would result in urine getting through the mid-way crack in the litter box -LRB- where the top met the bottom -RRB- . This would result in urine leaking onto the floor and leaving a terrible musty urine odor.The top entry litter box has only a seam at the very top , thus Tiger can urinate all over the place without any getting out ! Very useful product . We do n't use the liners as they just get messy ... instead washing out the box once a month and cleaning the clumped litter daily.I give it 4 out of 5 stars because I still have to empty the litter waste daily ...
 I bought this product out of desperation because I was cleaning kitty litter off of my floor 3-4 times a day . It is an excellent product . I now sweep kitty litter off the floor 1-2 times a week !!! My 2 cats love the Clevercat litter box and jumped in it the second I put it on the floor . I highly recommend this product !!!
 My kitty -LRB- 10 pounds , 2 years old -RRB- has a habit of peeing while standing up rather than squatting , so urine would frequently get on the wall . I bought this box because it has high sides , in an attempt to fix that particular problem . She started using it right away ! I could n't be happier with this product .
 Purchased this online at one of the major pet stores last week . I have two cats
 When I got my kitten earlier this year I was searching for the best litter box to minimize the mess . Without a basement or a place where our litter box could be out of sight/smell having the right box was important to us . I have had multiple cats in the past and know that the short little boxes do n't always cut it -- they 're OKAY if you do n't mind litter everywhere.I saw the boxes with the steps to get to them and even the one you roll to clean , but overall we decided to give this design a try . My partner convinced me that for the price , he would rather make our own out of a plastic bin , but we decided that it was n't worth the trouble and to just buy it as it.Our little cat is a digger , and even though some little ends up on the floor as he jumps out , it is minimal . I think this design has helped keep our home clean and litter free , and I completely recommend it.I use it withPlanet Petco Disposable Cat Litter Pan , Pack of 3 litter pans -LRB- as a liner -RRB- and replace them every month or so . I do n't want to deal with cleaning out the Clevercat box in the shower during the winter -LRB- gross -RRB- or outside in the summer -LRB- gross , but not as bad as the shower -RRB- . Every time we place the disposable box inside it 's like we just got our clevercat box !
 I LOVE this thing . I combined it with the Precious Cat Ultra Premium Clumping Cat Litter and a mat under the box , and the combination of the three is nothing short of a miracle . I 'm still only a week or two in , but the difference in litter tracking and smell is hard to believe . My cats seem to like the privacy too . Seriously though , GO GET YOU SOME .
 Length :
 I 've been through MANY litter boxes , and this one is just great . My cats got used to it very quickly and it has really reduced the amount of litter I have to sweep up . I also no longer have to clean up after one cat who does n't have great aim -LRB- she always aims high , so there would be urine between the box and the lid of my old litter boxes -RRB- . I 've never really done the liner thing because they are so expensive , but I read on another site that you can use 30 gallon trash bags instead of buying the liners . I tried it out , and they fit and work perfectly -LRB- I 've been using outdoor bags since they are thicker than kitchen bags -RRB- . I highly recommend this box !
 Living in a studio with two cats has not made me a Zen-like child of the Earth . Not only does my black tom nip me awake at 6AM just to stare at me , my tabby unloads some of the most unholy waste in this hemisphere . Why?He does n't bury his crap.Whatever feline instinct is supposed to trigger that dig-and-cover behavior was apparently eradicated from his simian-faced gene pool . Which means that every time he hops in the box , he kicks about a pound of sand onto the floor , drops his load , and then sprints around the apartment like a PCP-fueled dervish.While Clevercat has n't improved his manners in the slightest , it is the ONLY litter box I 've found that will contain his sand-flinging episodes effectively . Even better -- the little grooves on the top of the box mean that most of the excess litter gets trapped up top . Which means less bacteria-laden grit clinging to my toes.Five stars for ZERO learning curve , sand that stays in the box , and depth enough to provide a satisfying amount of grit for my kitties to befoul .
 We have been through so many different litter boxes that were just a waste of money . With four dogs and three cats , keeping the dogs out of the `` snack bar '' has been a constant challenge . This works perfectly , and I have to vacuum a lot less litter from the carpet . All of our cats took to it within the first day , and since that went so well I got a second box to put their food dishes in . It solved the problem of trying to keep the dogs and cats separated at feeding time -LRB- the cats just have to take turns eating -RRB- . The heavy lawn and leaf bags work great as liners . A lot less expensive than buying the liners from the manufacturer and they are thicker , too . I would HIGHLY recommend this litter box , even if you do n't have dogs to contend with .
 I HIGHLY recommend the Clevercat litter box to all cat owners . I ca n't believe someone did n't come up with this sooner . It is the easiest litter box in the world to clean . I have three cats , one of whom is a high sprayer , and every other box I tried was disgusting -- urine would get trapped between the rim of the lid and the actual box . What a mess . With this box , it simply runs down the side and makes a nice clump that is easy to remove.With my old boxes , I had to dump out all the litter , clean the box , and refill with new litter once a week . That was VERY expensive . -LRB- I have 3 litter boxes . -RRB- Not any more . As long as you use a hard clumping litter , keep the litter deep and scoop at least once a day , you will hardly ever have to do this ! And there is NO NEED for liners . Keeping a deep layer -LRB- 5 inches or more -RRB- of litter prevents urine from ever seeping all the way to the bottom , and scooping regularly gets the clumps out while they are still hard . This way , they come out in one piece and do n't break up and spread throughout the litter when you remove them , creating an odor . My Clevercat boxes are immaculately clean all the time , and it takes me about 5 minutes a day to keep them that way . And while there is still a little bit of litter around the box , it is so much less now that the cats ca n't kick it all over the place while using the box.All three of my cats are over 10 years old , and they adapted to it very quickly . Just use it with the lid off for a while , as suggested . I left an old litter box up , too , until I was sure I had seen each cat use the Clevercat a few times , with the lid on.I also train dogs and own two dogs myself . I recommend this box to anyone who owns a dog that tries to sneak treats from the litter box . -LRB- A really gross dog habit that is very common , unfortunately . -RRB- Unless the dog is tall and very determined , this box will put an end to it.Overall , this is the best cat product I have ever purchased . It has made my life a lot easier , and the cats love it .
 I have 13 cats . All of them use these boxes . We find them MUCH neater as the cats do n't bring half of the litter with them when they exit and for those cats who really love to throw the litter ... they ca n't throw it up and out . . so they can dig and bury without traching the floor . They are large enough even for our 20 pounder and they keep my dogs out . A large dog , of course can just stick their head right in , but for people with smaller dogs ... it 's super . Love this box ... would n't use anything else .
 This has been the best litter box for us . With both a dog and a cat inside the challenge of keeping the dog away from the litter box while giving the cat access seemed impossible to overcome.The cat took to this box the day we began using it . The litter that normally would be tracked to the floor from the cats feet stays on the lid of this box and the dog can not reach in to get that most desireable snack .
 This box is amazing and I ca n't believe it took someone this long to invent something so simple . My cat is a pig and gets litter all over . This box stopped that with only a few litter crystals landing on the carpet -LRB- they stick to her claws -RRB- . It 's also not a bad price compared to regular boxes . One problem is that I ca n't use kitty litter bags anymore and have to scoop more , but at least the litter stays in the box along with the smell -LRB- use Arm & Hammer kitty litter for no smell -RRB- .
 When we realized that our dog was really enjoying the cats `` snacky treats '' we knew we needed to do something ... and this litter box has worked perfectly . The kitty litter stays in the box , the cat had no problem getting used to the box and the lid , and it is a piece of cake to change out the whole litter by pulling out the bag . Highly recommend for issues with dogs and for keeping litter contained , and would work just fine even if those are n't your issues .
 I love my cat . I do n't love litter . We suffered from huge litter tracking problems . Because the box was kept in the bathroom , tracked litter would stick to freshly showered feet and be transported all around the apartment . It would then go from the wood floor to the bed -LRB- EWWWW -RRB- by our feet and kitty 's . Something had to change . In my blog reading I came across theModKat Litter Box in Blackand instantly decided it was the best idea ever . My wallet was n't having the 180 buckaroos price tag though . Some searching later , I came across the Clevercat . Soon it was ordered -LRB- from the company , who allow you to return it USED within 30 days if your cat does n't take to it . -RRB- Yes , I 'm sure you can make a top entry litter box from a Rubbermaid container , but the raised chevron pattern on the top means that we have had NO tracking issues since we got it . -LRB- Not to mention DIYing a litterbox would make me feel like a crazy cat lady . -RRB- It 's so easy to clean that I 'm way more inclined to scoop every day , no snaps or huge lid to move around the small bathroom , no vacuuming and sweeping and lysoling around the box . I pull the lid up , flip it over the box to allow all trapped litter to fall back in and scoop . My cat loves to pee in the corners and I have no problem scooping the clumps away.The litter box transfer was amazingly easy . I put the box out in the morning and waiting for her to move from the bed , she did not ALL DAY , she only ventured off her plushy throne for kibble , so I left the CleverCat out in the litterbox place , and with some `` mementos '' from her old box , and went to bed . When I woke the next day , the litter was arranged to her liking and she had given it her blessing . I kept the old box for two weeks not wanting to jinx it , but all was good . I 'm happy because there 's no litter everywhere , and she 's happy because since it 's easier to clean , it 's always very clean.Of course , cats are by nature picky animals , so any litter box is a trial and error purchase . However if your cat likes to jump into boxes , I 'd say there 's a good chance they 'll like the Clevercat . I heartily recommend it .
 This box literally changed my life ! Very little litter is tracked out and the bathroom is so much cleaner . I just wish that they made a slightly bigger one . My three girls love it ! They are 6 lbs , 10 lbs and 12 lbs.Unfortunately , I watched a friend 's cat who was a big , fat 21 lb male . He would n't use it . He had to squish through the hole and then , once inside , could n't turn around very well . I love this box , but I think the manufacture should consider making it in two sizes . It 's perfect for cats under 15lbs , but the big guys need more room .
 We have two cats who vary in style and substance -- the female weighs nine pounds , and the tomcat is a 17-pound bruiser . She likes to dig to China , he pees voluminous amounts . Both have no problems using the two Clevercat Top Entry boxes . Ever since the first day , there 's no hesitation , and it definitely cut way back on the amount of litter they tracked . I used to have to sweep around the litter box every day , sometimes twice , but now maybe every three days or so if I 'm picky about it . The other thing that really surprised me is that although they both dig hard , there 's no scratch marks evident after several months of use . These boxes are tough . I did n't mind paying the full price rather than hacking something myself , because , hey , life is short , and the ribbed top definitely helps `` de-litter '' their paws on the way out.Strongly recommended .
 Unique , original design that solves three typical ` cat ' problems ; Pros ; 1 . Stops spreading & tracking of litter around a low profile pan ,2 . Stops cats ` spraying ' above even high side pans and between poorly designed boxes with lids .3 . Keeps dogs out that insist on picking up everything and eating it .4 . Lastly , it 's made in the US!Cons ,1 . Overpriced for what it actually is ; a deep well storage container with a hole in the top . What do those go for ? $ 15 - $ 25 max ? 2 . Unnecessary ` tabs ' around the edge of the cover making it annoying to lift off the top to clean . I feel without those ` tabs ' , it would n't be a problem with the lid coming off due to the deep ` lip ' around the cover . maybe a minor point , but it 's annoying . If I just place the cover over the box and not ` snap ' it down , this helps , but you still have to lift up on at least one corner that ` sticks ' due to the tabs around the edge of the lip of the cover .3 . I ca n't see a large cat being able to use this comfortable due to it 's size . They should offer two sizes , this and one larger.After reading a few one star -LRB- so called -RRB- reviews and then reading the suggestions packaged with this product , it was apparent the owners did n't read the same document . The suggestions were ; PREPARATION & LOCATION
 Have dogs that get into your litter boxes ? THEN GET THIS ONE ! I purchased this litter box as a means of keeping our two dogs from ... ahem ... chomping on cat fecal matter . Needless to say , it 's no pleasant picture greeting your dog and smelling poop as they pant and play . This box works like a charm . My miniature poodle and 20 lb Sheltie are unable to get inside the box and never tried.I must be honest , however , in that that I may have just lucked out with my cat and this box . He is deaf , and thus he is OVERLY keen on visually exploring new places at any moment he can muster , even more so than a normal cat that can hear . So once he crawled through the opening of this oh so interesting new place , he took to the thing instantaneously and urinated inside it the first time crawling inside . No problems whatsoever transitioning from his normal box . Our other cat has only just now at least crawled inside , but only after I 've had the thing for over a year now . Whether or not she used it that moment , I ca n't say . She still has her normal box for now -LRB- which my dogs still get into if we 're not careful -RRB- . But basically it will have to be the cat 's decision . If cats end up liking it , I highly recommend this box and see no issue with it at all . Litter tracking mess is very minimal also , which is a big plus , as my guy is extremely thorough in covering his waste , literally building mountains.Only downside I can think of is the -LRB- in my opinion -RRB- , steep price tag when it 's pretty much just a Rubbermaid container with a hole in its lid . I 'd venture to say that it 's possible to just make one of these yourself if you feel like being crafty . Otherwise , this is still a very good litter box that 's well worth the price .
 We have specific requirements for a good litterbox . The size of it is important as it needs to fit in a specific corner of our laundry room . The `` containment '' and entrance to it is important because we need to keep our dog from having access to the `` deposits '' . The ventilation is important so that it contains the major odors but vents enough so the cats do n't have any issues . And it must be cat friendly . The Clevercat litterbox meets all of our needs . We discovered Clevercat Top Entry Litterbox on-line at Amazon as we needed to change-up to another version of an enclosed litter box . The change-up went well as our two cats inspected and approved the new set up easily after being exposed to it for several days before the complete change was made . The top entry is easy for them to get in and out plus the lid has a built-in grid that captures access litter from their paws when they exit the Clevercat box . This is great and eliminates some extra clean up . The lid comes off easy for our daily maintenance and scooping routine . It pops off easy enough but is secure once it 's back in place . Our cats love to hide in cardboard boxes with openings so the open top lid was a natural draw to them . The high walls keeps the litter in the box . We are currently using the litter bag that came with it and since our cats are front declawed , the bag is holding up well . Our dog does n't have access into the litterbox which is great and the box fits perfectly into the space of the previous box . We recommend this box and think it 's worth the money .
 My sister had mentioned the idea of a `` top loading '' litter box on a visit after she listened to me lament tripping over the gate to my laundry room designed to keep my dogs from exploring the litter box . I hesitated spending so much -LRB- 3x what I have paid on covered boxes -RRB- but I have to say , I am quite pleased with this item .1 -RRB- It does the job of keeping the dogs out2 -RRB- There noticeably less litter tracked out of the box3 -RRB- Unlike two piece covered boxes if my cat sprays the side of the box it does not leak between the two pieces making cleaning up after my cats much easierThe box is about the same size as the covered litter box I had previously . I was afraid my cats might not use it as it is so different from the other models but both took to it without issue . The only reason I did not rate as 5 stars is due to the high cost . In the end I found it was worth not having to trip over a gate .
 We bought this as a litter box for a 12-week -- old kitten . He is pretty happy with it , and he is big enough to get in and out . We had a smaller box positioned next to it as a step to help him get to it at first , but most of the time he just jumps right to the lid now . As with most enclosed litter boxes , he does n't always manage to bury things because he scratches at the sides and top of the box instead of at the actual litter . I think the included -LRB- plastic bag -RRB- box liner tends to make it more confusing because it rustles , so I may start using the box without the liner.As far as stray litter containment , it does better than a top-open litter box or a regular side-loading litter box would . Having a top entry prevents the cat from kicking litter out of the box , and it helps keep litter better contained when the cat exits by trapping some litter on the top of the lid . However , it is NOT track-proof
 Look , I never take the time to do product reviews , but I just have to tell everyone HOW AMAZING THIS LITTER BOX IS ! I 've been struggling for 3 years now with trying to keep my floors clean of litter . THIS LITTER BOX FINALLY DID IT ! THANK YOU THANK YOU THANK YOU THANK YOU ! : -RRB-
 I admit - when I first saw this box , I was a little skeptical . I did n't think my 15 year old cat would want anything to do with it , but because we were moving in with a dog , we needed something the dog could not get in to . I honestly thought I 'd be returning it because she would n't use it , but she uses it more than the one with the front entry ! It 's great because there is very little litter tracking as opposed to the front entry boxes , and for those who say it is top heavy , I have n't found that to be the case at all . I can only imagine that people are n't putting enough litter in them and that is why they are tipping over . Of course , my cat is pretty small -LRB- just over 7 pounds -RRB- , so that may be the reason why . It 's very cute when she goes in - her little head pops out the top as she 's doing her business . In addition , I do n't have as much to clean up , as she tends to urinate pretty high , and I was always cleaning up the sides of the litter box . I am definitely going to get another one for the top floor , even though the dog is not allowed in the room where I 'll be putting it .
 I had my doubts that my 9 year old fatcat would change her habits , but she had recently began scattering litter all over the floor . After about a week of cleaning up after her every day -LRB- sometimes twice -RRB- , I ordered Clevercat . She took to it right away . At first , I put the hole to the side to be sure she could find it , and still had a small amount of litter on the floor . Then - following the directions - I turned the hole to the wall and VIOLA - no more litter on the floor . I would recommend this product to anyone looking to clean up their floor !
 This has been a lifesaver since we have dogs that like to eat cat `` stuff . '' Our doxie and corgi ca n't get in this litter box but our cat is still able to use it easily . I have no issues with this litterbox .
 I just adopted two adult shelter cats , about a year old each . I needed a litter box that would suit a relatively small apartment , be big enough for two cats , and be able to contain litter and odor well enough that it could sit in the front hallway , which was the only space I had for it.The first night the cats came home I used a regular little pan , temporarily , which , unsurprisingly resulted in litter -LRB- and other things more unpleasant -RRB- everywhere . The next day the Clevercat arrived ; I made the transition to the new box by mixing a bit of the old litter in with the new and I put each cat in the box a couple times . The cats started using it immediately with no problems . All in all I think this one 's a keeper ! The positives : - So far there 's very little flung litter , which is especially important with the box in the front hallway - The box top DEFinitely also reduces the amount of litter tracking from little paws even further - Litter cleaning is very easy - I do it every morning and it takes maybe three minutes . As others have written , this is in part because you can pour in a deeper layer of litter than with other boxes.The only thing I 'm still working on is a bit of odor . It 's localized to the hallway , not pervading the apartment or anything , but it is present and since that 's the first thing you smell when you walk through the front door ... I think it 's probably as much a question of trying other litter types and , if I have to , cleaning twice a day instead of once . Still experimenting ... In summary , if you 're in a small apartment I highly recommend the Clevercat . If you are lucky enough to have a spare room , laundry room or closet where you can put the box and so not need perfect odor-free-ness , then the box goes from being really great to perfect .
 My 3 adult cats took to the Clever Cat litter box immediately , and prefer it to the standard litter box I still have available for them . We use Trackless Litter Pearls or the Petco Crystal Cat Litter , and that type of litter stays in the box . Only rarely is there anything on the floor outside the box . -LRB- If you use a crystal litter , be sure to get the proper scoop - Trackless Litter Pearls makes a scoop with square holes & that makes cleaning the litter much easier ! -RRB- This is such a great litter box that I 'm going to get a second one for our basement !
 I bought this litter box years ago because I used to have a roomate with a little dog that would EAT my cats poop.My cat seems to really like the privacy aspect , because she wont use any other exposed litter boxes.it really does help with odor and also making sure the cats dont spread litter all throughout the house.Highly recommend it .
 Bought this to use in my small condo with my new cat , hoping to curb the amount of litter that gets tracked everywhere . Sometimes my cat jumps right out of the hole , over the lid , but still - there is almost NO litter on the carpet around this box ! He can go wild in there , flinging litter around as much as he wants , and it all stays in . I 'm not sure if this box helps with smell , but it does n't smell too bad . I scoop daily and take the goodies outside to the trash right away . It 's very solid and the lid is very strong . My 2-year-old , 10.5-lb cat fits just great and took to it immediately . It is his only litterbox . My parents tried to introduce their two cats to a Clevercat with traditional litterboxes still around , and those cats still choose the old-style ones over the Clevercat . So , it 's a fantastic litterbox , if your cat will use it .
 I have 2 cats and a dog ; the dog loves to dig in the cat box and make a mess ; with the top entry the dog ca n't get in so the area around the box stays clean , also the dog can not drag or eat cat feces . The cats like the privacy the box offers , no getting scared and jumping out if someone is close to their space . My cats are 12 and 15 years old and have no problem jumping in and out .
 My cat is a little older now so she wants to stand when she urinates and with all the other litter boxes she ended up leaving a puddle every time she went . I do n't know how man times I had to clean up a puddle . I did n't know they made litter boxes like this so I googled for some suggestions what I could do to keep my cat from making constant messes and I found this . It was an absolute miracle ! No my cat can stand when she pees and I do n't have to clean up the puddle anymore . This is the best money I have ever spent ! I would give this a 10 if I could !
 Cats took to it almost immediately . Works better with litter poured fairly deep . Somehow , I seem to use less litter , too . Much less tracking than with the conventional box . Would like for it to be a bit bigger , but my 15-pounders seem to get in and out OK .
 I 've tried many combinations of litter and litter boxes over the past year , and have come to realize that there is no perfect cat box and never will there be one . So resetting my expectations was key . I researched every possible cat box innovation , and found that there are major cons for every new idea . So I got back to basics and decided that I just needed to find the deepest box I could to maximum the number of inches of litter , which buries the waste best and controls odor as much as can be controlled.The Clevercat Top Entry is by far the best I 've found in meeting these requirements.Since this box is by far deeper than all other boxes , the poop gets buried really well , which maximizes odor absorption . The deeper the litter , the less exposed the waste is . This box is the deepest one I 've found , which means there 's room for a few more inches of litter and still enough side wall to keep everything in the box when the cat kicks up its heels.My cats can get in and out quite easily even though the sides are quite a bit higher than a normal box . Nothing is perfect when it comes to cat boxes , but the Clevercat Top Entry works better than alternatives when used with a good clumping litter.I tried it with and without the liner , and do * not * recommend using the liner because it gets torn easily while scooping , probably because the box shape is rounded not squared off.Also , I use it * without * the lid , just so I can make sure to keep an eye on the cleanliness . I do n't see much need for the lid anyway , as it seems to constrain the cat from moving around freely , so I just keep the lid off , which works well . I 'm sure if you used the lid , the cat might be okay , but I just do n't see the value.Note to the manufacturer
 Our dog is a cat poop addict , which is super gross and I 'm sure not too healthy for him , especially with all the litter he 's probably ingesting . We 've had to be pretty creative with our litter boxes to keep him out ! Putting them on top of milk crates , sticking them up against corners , surrounding them with furniture , etc. . But all that takes up a lot of space , so we 've been trying to find a better solution . This litter box is great ! The cats learned to use it right away , and our giant one loves the extra space to do his business - he has trouble fitting into regular boxes . Best of all - we can shove the box anywhere without worrying about the dog getting in !
 Fostered a cat after Hurricane Sandy and then family could n't take her back so I wanted to keep her . Only problem was she urinated out litterbox hole . I tried higher boxes and hooded boxes and finally ordered this and it works perfectly . It also does result in less litter on floor and my other cats have been curious and have been also using it . Highly recommend !!!!
 I purchased mine at Petsmart , but the review remains the same : These are really great . Though cat litter will still get on the floor , stuck to their paws when they get out of the box and all , it is much less of an issue than with the conventional kind of litter box.Buy one . You will not regret the purchase !
 Even my picky cat LOVED this litter box !! And the dog problem , completely cured !! Best invention ever and worth every dime
 I love this litter box and absolutely recommend it to reduce tracking . I have virtually no tracking problem now . One of my two males was very reluctant to begin using it - I needed to leave the lid off for several days before he became comfortable enough to introduce the lid . Both boys are happy now and I have no more issues with tracking from my laundry room into my foyer . My only issue with Clevercat is that the design seems to make the litter odor more noticeable - I guess the odor wafts vertically due to the top entry rather than horizontally as with my former litter box . Does n't last long though . I 'm recommending Clevercat to all my friends with feline friends .
 It 's been less than a week since I received this box and my cats are adapting to it just fine -LRB- I have 3 -RRB- . Unfortunately the only place in the house for the cat box is in my office , and I work from home . Fed up with litter tracking everywhere , and the smell , and the dog who thinks cat poop is tasty , this box has changed my life ! There is so much less tracking , the dog ca n't get to it , and it seems to contain the smell pretty well also . I also received a Litter Locker in the same order , which I love just as much . Thanks !!!
 This simple design is perfect . We just got rid of our Bhudda dome style box for this one . The Bhudda box was such a huge mess - the litter just poured out of the little set of stairs all over our floor . This top entry box solves that problem quite easily . I was a little nervous about my cat being able to get used to this new box , but she took to it immediately and is doing great with it . Our cat is an adult female who is in decent shape as she likes to chase our little Chihuahua around who chases her right back . I suppose if she were an older cat or very overweight , this box might pose a problem . I love that we do n't have to take any additional steps to keep our little dog from getting in there to retrieve and eat the cat poop . Why he 'll eat that , but wo n't eat a scrap of meat dropped on the floor by my tot , I 'll never understand . Anyway , this box is well worth it . I have n't tried the liners yet but that 's next .
 I have had one of these for about 4 or 5 years -- I hesitated about spending so much on a litter box , but it was well worth it . The plastic is thick -LRB- way thicker than the Rubermaid tote other reviewers compared it to , but then again they may have changed it since I bought mine ! -RRB- , the top fits well and is sturdy enough to support even a large cat . My three cats use it uneventfully . Best of all , the interior corners are smoothly rounded -- which is important if you 're using scoopable litter.My only complaint -- no choice of colors or sizes . But it 's big enough for my cats , and the gray color is unobjectionable , if a bit boring .
 In a house with 4 dogs and 2 cats , keeping the dogs out of the litter box while keeping the cats happy with the box was a long ongoing battle that the animals were winning . Then I discovered these . Cats used them with very little adjustment , and are tracking less litter out of the box , and I am pleased to say the dogs large -LRB- lab -RRB- , medium -LRB- beagles -RRB- and small -LRB- little mutt -RRB- are all very frustrated ! Easy to clean and maintain . I will never buy another kind of lifter box !
 Have not used this yet , so I ca n't say if the cats like it , but I love the design ! Compared to the really high priced similar products , this is great , and I like it better!product is deep with room for ample litter . the top is great ! it has a surface to help collect litter for less tracking.Included were helpful instructions for transitioning the cat to top loading design.This looks like a storage box with a fancy specially constructed top . I have n't checked yet to see if it is a standard size storage box which I would consider a plus as the top could just be switched from box to box . A recommendation to the manufacturer would be to sell extra parts . My guess is the cost is in manufacturing the top and the bottom part of the cat box would be cheaper and it would be nice to just replace it periodically , as I do not plan to use liners . They did include a liner with the kit .
 I love this litterbox !!! The litter does n't go all over the place !!! What a great invention !!!
 This is by far the best litter box I have ever owned . No mess and it keeps my beagle out of it . I would recommend this for anyone who owns a cat ...
 I was looking for a regular covered litter box because my cat is a digger and throws a lot of litter out of her uncovered box . I found many litter boxes , but I liked the idea of this one and watched the video included with one of the reviews . Now , with the `` Clevercat '' litter box , there is no litter out of the box and I hear my cat enjoying her digging inside . Not Only this box keep the area clean , but it saves litter too because nothing is wasted outside . I never thought that much litter like this was being wasted gradually as a result of my cat digging and digging . The mat like cover on the top of the box serves as a mat to trap the litter clinging to the cat 's paws . I would recommend this box and I have already done so to a friend .
 I got this for my cat as the litterbox must live in my bathroom , and my cat has a distressing habit of urinating out the hole of a covered litterbox while standing in the box , and flinging litter all over.My cat is eleven years old , and took to the box quite well . I transferred the litter from old box to new after it had been scooped but not replaced . I left the lid off for the first few days as recommend , and after a few funny looks at me , she climbed right in.I like it because it is just the right size , which is not easily done with DIY top entry boxes . The textured top reduces litter tracking , although it does not completely eliminate it.Overall , I 'm very satisfied .
 This is a well designed , simple and sturdy product -- mostly importantly it works great for our cats ! Seems like it cuts down &#34; tracking &#34; as well .
 A great solution for keeping tracking , smell , and appearance to a minimum , as many have said . I only want to add that my cat took awhile to adjust.The details
 This keeps tracking down to a minimum , my cats adapted instantly , and even my 16 year old cat with arthritis gets in and out with ease . I replaced all my boxes with the Clevercat.Some general tips for cat owners , to avoid and/or solve letterbox issues : The best way to cut down on odors is to clean the litterbox every day . It takes seconds.Litters with scents and litters made with pine or cedar may be toxic and are probably unpleasant to your cat , which could discourage consistent use of the litter box . Get a plain unscented clumping litter . The best clumping litter I have found is made by Blue Buffalo , it is non toxic and completly dust free . It can also be flushed down the toilet safely.Multiple cats absolutely require multiple cat boxes . A good rule of thumb is one box per cat , spaced throughout the home . This cuts down on odors and prevents behavioral issues and territorial problems . if you have more than four cats you probably do n't need more than four boxes , but you must have plenty of space between them . Ideally they should be in different rooms throughout the house , in quiet low traffic areas , and they must be scooped daily . This sounds like a pain but it only takes three to five minutes a day , even less if you have flushable litter.Do a little research and buy a quality food . Buying cheap food now will cost you a lot of money later ; cheap food results in poor nutrition , uncomfortable digestion , and urinary tract problems , which will translate into litterbox behavior problems that will aggravate you and lots more money spent at the vet which will ruin your plans for a vacation trip , or buying your own medical insurance : -RRB- I have had up to nine cats , and by following these rules I have not had any problems with odors or behavior/potty accidents and issues . Guests have said tome they would never know I had nine cats in the house unless I told them , as they could detect no litter or ammonia odor at all.Do yourself a favor and get a strong metal scoop for cleaning the litter . Plastic scoops always break.Litter should be an absolute minimum of 5 &#34; deep .
 I have a mean , skinny cat who sprays in the litter box and this is the ONLY one I have ever found that she can not spray and have cat urine leak all over the floor . She is pretty unhappy that we have foiled her little cat antics because personally I know she only does it to irritate me . Love this litter box , I now have two !!!
 I started using this box 3 yrs ago because my 10 pound chihuahua likes eating cat turds . So , this stopped her from getting into the cat feces until today I caught her ! I do n't know how long she has been doing it , but I witnessed her jumping on the platform into the hole , grab and turd and jump out . I flipped out ! I placed this litter box on a 12 inch box to prevent my dog from being able to jump into it that easily or at all . The box is sturdy and could last forever practically , but did not out smart a chihuahua like I thought it would -LRB- the whole purpose for buying this litter box -RRB- . Looking for an alternative to prevent my dog from getting into the litter box . Maybe just have it placed high up somewhere is the only answer . Ugh !
 Everything advertised about clever cat litter box is true . Our cat adopted it quickly and digs away without raising a litter storm ... . Hardly a bit escap&egrave;s the box . The liners are great also . We 'll never go back to an old style litter box again .
 I really love this litterbox . I 've had it for about half a year now and it 's been great . At first I was worried that my kittens could n't jump that high , but they adjusted to it very fast . It 's very convenient for them to enter - they can see exactly where the `` war zones '' are and know to avoid them . However , one of my cats has recently become a little big for it -LRB- he 's hitting the ceiling standing inside on top of the litter -RRB- . He also has a weird habit of pawing the entrance of the box and the top instead of the litter to clean up after himself . Not sure if that 's some sort of design issue that 's bothering him or he 's just silly like that . Anyway , both my kitties have loved it so far . I 'm switching to a taller one for my largest , but this is still an incredibly clever litter box . And the best thing about it is the lid with the ridges . My cats virtually do n't track at all after they get out of it !
 i received my clevercat top entry litter box today and my cat is already using it ... love it ... i use the black garbage bags to line it as that is what i was using in my other box and it fits great under the cover and the cover holds it in place ... cheaper than the special liners and her nails dont tear it ... . i placed some litter and a piece of her poop in the box so my cat would realise what the container was for ... i put her on the cover and when she had to go she did ... . no mess around the litter box ... it was an easy transition but what helped i think was that i placed one of her poop pieces in there so it would smell familiar ... i am truly happy i got it although litter boxes today are so expensive ... here you are overpaying because of the design ... i place a small amount of litter in the box liner and i change the liner and litter every other day ... i am not a poop scooper person ... if i change it out every other day there is little mess and no odor and less litter waste ... but we all have our methods ... this litter box is WONDERFUL ...
 We just recently moved into a new house , and there really was no good place to put a litter box . The previous tenants kept theirs in the half bathroom , but they never used that bathroom and it was right off the kitchen . I wanted to be able to use it and not have cat stench permeating the entire bathroom and kitchen . So I decided to give the Clevercat Box a try . I bought two of them and placed one in the living room and the other in the family room . All I can say is that these things are fantasic , and both of my cats had no problem taking to them . Other than the temporary bad smell when my female goes poop , the smell does not last long . As for cleaning , OMG , what a difference these make compared to other litter boxes . I clean both of them everyday , and it only takes five minutes . I use four to five inches of litter , so the litter does what it is supposed to , it clumps all the urine together . There is never any residual at the bottom or on the sides . All I do is scoop , and I 'm done . I add litter once per week . After a full month , both boxes are still clean and I have not needed to get rid of any litter . So long as your cat takes to this type of box , you ca n't go wrong . The only problem I could see with this box is if you have an extremely large cat . The box is 15 '' tall , which might not be enough for a very large cat . My cats only weigh 9 and 11 pounds , so they are not very big .
 This liter box has reduced the kitty bathroom mess by 90 % . We still have a small amount of liter that sticks on the cats ' paws as they exit , but they ca n't throw it out of the box like before . They both adjusted to it immediately .
 I love this litter box . My kitten 's breeder recommended it . I had never seen a litter box with a top opening and for years I lived with scattered litter all around the box . I tried different boxes but the problem continued - until now . This box keeps the litter where it is supposed to be - inside the box . I hope this litter box will be as effective once my kitty is an adult and a much larger size than he is now .
 I love this litter box for keeping the litter tracking and odors to a minimum . I used it for years until one of my cats became quite large and could no longer use this one well . His head had to remain out of the top hole , which limited him covering his waste , so the smell became a problem . Otherwise , it would be 5 stars .
 I keep two of these in the basement . One is for cat litter . My cat has no problems going in it . The other is for her bowl of cat food . This setup keeps our little dog from snacking on both the poo and the food . Nice .
 It took each of our cats no time to learn how to use this litter box . It makes life so much easier since we also have dogs . There are no doggie noses in the litter box and no disgusting snacks being taken by the dogs as well . This is not an odor-free litter box even though it has a `` lid '' . Some could find it cumbersome to clean thoroughly , but I have yet to have much of a problem with it . I often recommend it to people who need a `` dog-proof '' litter box .
 We have 3 cats . Our newest , Buddy , is 2 . He sits on top . . teetering on the edge , and poops into the hole . Then , he turns around and reaches in with his front paws and covers it . My other cat , Stan , gets in and does his business . Our cat Stella could n't get out so we had to take the top off . She is really fat . It is hilarious to watch Bud go poo . He does get in to urinate.We love it just for the entertainment value .
 I was about to buy this but fortunately many other people gave the suggestion to make your own ! I went down to walmart and got a rubbermaid tub the right size for my kitten and it was on sale for $ 3.50 ! I cut a 7in diameter hole in the lid and then hot glued a towel round it . The kitten took to it right away and I put the lid on after one day . She is very happy with her litter house ! The dog ca n't disturb her while shes in there OR eat her droppings after she gets out.Thanks Clevercat for the concept ! Maybe if you take about $ 20 off the price it would be worth it for the convenience of not having to make your own
 I originally purchased one from PetSmart on a recommendation from a local kitty rescue foster parent . We had a MAJOR problem from keeping our Pom out of the previous one with the front door opening resulting in finding kitty logs under the couch . It was a little spendy , but worth it . Now that we have adopted two more , Bean and Chauncey , one box just is not enough ... and the price here CAN NOT be beat.If you have a small dog like we do , this is your best bet !!
 we got this litter box because we wanted a covered box without latches or doors that could break . We were also trying to minimize the amount of litter tracked out of the box . Our cats took to it really well . I filled it with the same type of litter they have always used -LRB- I put in a little bit of dirty litter from the old box so it would smell like them . Gross I know but I figured I would try it . -RRB- , and I put it exactly where the old one was . The cats did n't seem to have any problem figuring out how to get into it , I think it might help that our cats are pretty young and did n't have years of habit to break . I 've read reviews that the cats tipped this over , ours never have but its wedged in a corner so maybe they 've just never had the opportunity . Since getting this we 've had very little cat litter tracked onto the floor , it seems that the combination of having to jump out and the textured top does a really good job of cleaning off their paws . They do make liners for this box if you want to go that route . I did n't use them on our old box because the top latched on and of course the latch would rip up the liner . I tried them on this box and while it seems like a good idea in theory , my cats just scratched at the liner and ripped it up . Its super easy to clean because its such a simple design . I 'm very happy with it . I 'm sure you could just go buy a really big rubber bin and cut a hole in the top to get the same effect . But you would n't get the textured top , which is nice to catch litter from their paws , and really how much is your time worth ? Also it seems that while the bin itself might be about as strong as one of those bins , the lid seems stronger and thicker to me , I feel like a regular bin lid wouldnt really hold my cats weight as they jumped out .
 When I saw this product I felt my prayers were answered ! I have two short hair cats 14 and 12lb . The male 14lb cat kept doing something that who drive me crazy . When he would urinate he would do it right in the corners of the old box and it would always leak out of the crease between the lip and cover . I was not even as bothered by the cat litter scattered around the opening as much as that ! Then I found this product and based on the design and claims I decided to try it . At first I did what the instruction suggested , keep both boxes for several days and the lid off of the new box . This did not work because both cats just were not curious about the new box . My wife suggest to just remove the old box ASAP put the lid on the Clevercat box . This way the cats had no options . She said worse case is that the cats mess up the floor and we clean it up.I did that and spent a llitle time putting them onto and gently encouraging them through the opening . Granted it 's only been about 3 days but they seam both to be getting use to it . Also I 'm just half cleaning the boxleaving some waste so they they know it 's still the place to go . Most of the hesitation comes when they have to go head first in . Once there inside they seam ok . They are also not covering there dropping and getting out of the box ASAP . This does not bother me at all because with the plastic liner there is no smell and scooping is so easy !! I suggest that if you buy the Clevercat box buy it from your local walk in store and make sure they have a cash back return policy . Also when you set it up make sure to use the free liner and use the same cat litter there uses to !! No more scraping the bottom of the box , filters , leakage , and bleach cleanings . Now every 2 to 3 weeks just tie up the bag and toss it in the trash !! Best pet product on the market today !!! A small suggestion to the Clevercat makers ... release a model that is perhaps 15-20 % larger for larger cats . THANK YOU CLEVERCAT !!!
 The Clevercat Litter Box is a marvelous invention . We just got our 11 week kitten . It was trained by the breeder to use this litter box , so we had no problem getting her to use it . We use it in conjunction withPrecious Cat Kitten Attract Kitten Training LitterandLitterMaid LMC100 Litter Box CarpetandClevercat Top Entry Litter Box Liners - Package of 10 . Scatter still happens , but it 's at a minimum . I do n't feel like I have to vacuum every single day and there 's no tracking into my hallway from the laundry room.The litter box comes with one liner . Liners are not completely necessary , but I like to make my job as easy as possible . The cat is young , but so far , we 've not had problems with her shredding it . If that becomes a problem I will come back to update the review.The shape of the box makes scooping easy . There are no cracks and crevices , which makes it easy to clean . The four walls means no spraying outside the box . The liners make changing litter a cinch.I was concerned about odor . Except for just after she defecates , I do n't notice any odor at all . Must be the design of the box or the litter or both , but so far , everything is working together fine.The litter box is inconspicuous . Apart from odor , I find most standard litter boxes to be unsightly . This just look like one of those plastic storage tubs , except it has a hole in the lid.I 'm very happy with the Clevercat and highly recommend it . ____________________________ UPDATE
 Best litter box EVER !!!! No more mess in the floor and my cats love it !
 With two 6-month old kittens using a covered front-entry litter box , litter tracking was a significant problem , and we had to vacuum almost every other day if not every evening . But after seeing the Clevercat in a friend 's bathroom then reading the reviews listed here , I decided to pluck down the $ 30 at Petsmart and give it a try . I initially placed the Clevercat next to their old box and threw-in a few clumps to serve them `` notice '' . Then , I placed the more active outgoing kitten on top BUT NOT IN the box . The little girl sniffed around the hole , peeked in a few times , leaned forward to stick in her front paws , and dove right in . Then , I was pleased to see her doing her thing . After she left the box , the other one jumped right in and did the same . Yes ! ... But they continued to use the old box for 2 days until I decided to gamble and put it in storage . Fortunately , they made the complete transition very quickly and with no problems.After only 1 week of use , I 've only had to vacuum a minimal amount of litter ONCE - a remarkable improvement that well-justified the cost . The corrugated top catches litter as advertised , and the container is study and heavy enough to maintain stability with the cats jumping all over it . I do have a couple of gripes though
 I 've had several types of litter boxes for my cat . All of which he scatters the litter everywhere . This fixes that easily . No more him playing with the litter and me having to clean up every other day . Also , I just bought this today at a Petsmart for $ 30.99 so you might want to check out your local Petsmart before buying online as they are discounted with a perks card .
 After years of searching for a litter box that does n't track litter everywhere , I 've found it ! I have 3 cats ranging from 10lbs to 20lbs and all 3 use it and do n't have problems with it . Now , instead of needing to sweep every few hours , I only need to sweep , like once a week ! I can understand why some folks do n't want to spend 30 bucks on a litter box , but for me it 's totally worth the money spent to not have to worry about sweeping or vacuuming all the time or stepping in litter . I highly recommend this litter box & I will definitely be buying another one so the kitties have an extra .
 I live in the UK and sadly these are not available here , but I managed to get one during a recent trip to the USA and its great , the seller shipped it in time to arrive during the window of my stay so I was exteremly pleased !! No litter tracking , cat took to it immediately and best of all the dog ca n't get his head in !! Would be good if they were available in the UK !
 This litter box is great . It helps keep tracking down , my cats took to using it immediately , and it 's easy to clean .
 We have a 6 month old kitty who loves to `` clean-up '' after himself . The result is that litter was track all around the bathroom and even into the hallway sometimes . This is every day occurances and I clean his litter and the floor everyday . I have tried getting litter box with a deeper well but it did n't seem to matter . Finally , I saw the review here about this box and give it a try . Robyn-the kitty JUMPED right in almost before I finish filling up the new litter box . I leave the top lid off a day for adjustment . After I saw that he had `` try-out '' the new box , I put the lid on the next day . The tracking now is almost nothing . I will find a few traces on the tracks in the top lid and that 's it ! Awesome !!! Wish I find out about this sooner !!
 I debated purchasing this for a long time because of the price -LRB- and the thought that I could make one myself -RRB- but I have to say that this product is worth every penny . I doubt you could make one this nice at home out of a tupperware . The lid to it is VERY effective at trapping litter . The cat took right to it , even without leaving the lid off for the first day as suggested . Highly recommend .
 Neither of my kittwins had the sand-flinging tendency with `` standard '' boxes ; instead one or both of them would occasionally decide the box was just for standing in while the business goes on outside . So I bought this top-entry tub and they both took to it immediately , and I mean they jumped in one after the other to try it out in tandem . And me worried about territorial disputes . Anyhow , one time I filled the box too high with clean litter and one of them decided to tuck his head under the lid and hoist his heinie out the round door . Not a mistake I 've repeated ...
 I love this litter box . It 's inconspicuous , contains everything , easy to clean , seems to contain the smell better , and the cats took to it immediately . It has greatly reduced litter on the floor . I just wish that I had gotten it sooner . Coupled with Duranimals Durascoop , I am in catbox heaven .
 I absolutely love this litter box ! And of course , since cats are naturally nosy and curious , one of my kittens jumped into it while I was still setting it up and immediately used it .
 The product is amazing , our cat is getting up in years and has some bladder problems . We used to have to scrub the floor daily , with this she drops right in and I do n't have to do anything more then clean the box . Great great product , keeps `` everything '' inside so I do n't have to scrub our carpets any more .
 I have two cats and two miniature Dachshunds . With other litter boxes , they would get in the litter . With the Clevercat , they have not even tried . And the cats took right to it . Really solved this problem !
 Yes , it 's a rubbermaid bin with a hole in the lid ... but it the lid on the Clevercat has ridges that helps to trap the litter . Works well for us . We got 2 on the recommendation of a friend . Both of our kittens have taken to them and we have no issues . Helps to keep litter misses and messes to a minimum .
 We 've got three cats , and one of them likes to pee right up against the side of the box . It 's usually not a problem , but after I spent three evenings in a row cleaning pee off the bathroom floor , I knew we needed something with higher sides . I looked at other boxes , but they all still had the one `` entrance '' side where the lip was lower -- prime pee-over-the-edge area . I found this one and was worried about how well they would take to it , but decided to try it anyway . They alternated sniffing and ignoring for the first half of the first day until , lo and behold , the problem-peer jumped right in and I could tell from peeking in later that the other two had followed suit ! I put the lid on the second day and crossed my fingers that that would n't discourage them from using it ... no problems ! :D I 'm so happy that there 's no litter on the floor and better yet no pee ! I 'm planning on buying another one to replace our other box . Definitely would recommend !
 Trying to keep our dog out of our new kitten 's old litter box was a hassle . The Clevercat box has done the trick . The only problem has been our eight week old kitten is so small she could n't easily get in or out of the box . I finally put a step stool next to the box so she can climb up and filled up the box more than half way with litter so she can climb out . Would have been nice for the instructions to give a bit of guidance for kittens .
 It was a gift for my older sister as an apartment warming gift . She said she wanted a new litterbox for her cat and both the cat and she love it .
 Found this after falling for the pretty but expensive ModKat , another top-entry litterbox . I 've tried several litterbox solutions , and really needed one that could contain at least 3-4 inches of litter -LRB- less clumps on the bottom , less broken up pieces of stinky litter , less changing -RRB- . We have a multi-cat household -LRB- all feral kitten rescues -RRB- . It felt like I was sweeping up litter off the floor five times a day . Add Leo the tabby , who occasionally likes to play tornado in the litterboxes -LRB- chasing his tall and the sound of the litter spraying in every direction -RRB- . Clevercat ai n't pretty but it 's big enough for several inches of litter , easy to move around and most importantly has stopped my house from being a sandbox . Somehow the grid on the lid traps most of what 's on their feet . HUGE difference . I 'm barely sweeping now . None of our 7 kitties -LRB- including the big guys -RRB- were afraid to try it and all clamored to peek inside within 10 minutes . I just bought a second one and wo n't be surprised if I just replace all my boxes with these . It 's good at keeping the dogs out , too . Highly recommend these to foster kitty folks who do n't want to clean litter off the floors all day ! -LRB- Would give another star if they at least came in some bright colors ... form is as important to me as much as function ! -RRB-
 This is amazing . I was reluctant to spend this kind of money on a catbox , but my cat was about to be slaughtered from all of the litter he drug all over the house . I swear he grabbed paw fulls and sprinkled it all over the house . Now , there is litter on the floor , but it 's right beside the box . The way he `` jumps out '' of this must be the only way to get him to let go of the litter stuck to his feet . truly saved my cat 's life ! LOL
 I did n't think my boys would like this but they both too to it the first day . They have always had the self raking type , but the last two broke way to quickly to risk dumping another $ 129 on . It also controls their tracking of litter very well . only draw back is the replacement liners , if they were only an inch longer .
 I was skeptical at first . I thought my two cats would not take to it right away but they did ! They love this litter box . They can scratch to their hearts content and my floors are clean ! Very little litter is tracked outside of this box . I only wish I had seen this product and bought it about a year ago . My cats are pretty good size 10 lbs . and 12 lbs . Another added benefit is that my dog can not get into it and eat the feces . You do n't really need the liner but if that is your preference buy the plastic liners by all means .
 Yeah , yeah , you could make one yourself with a Rubbermaid box . I 'm lazy and not very handy , so that was n't going to happen -- especially since the last time I tried to do something like it , using a box cutter , the edges were raggedy and messy and it took forever . That was n't worth it . $ 30 for this is.My girlfriend was getting grumpy about the litter my cat tracked out -LRB- and which got stuck in the cracks of the wood floor . First we had thePetmate Hooded Litter Pan Set Large , Black/Gray , which was fine , and thenOmega Paw Self-Cleaning Litter Box , Large , which was cool but did nothing about tracking.This thing is n't pretty or fun , but it works . It cut tracking by 98 % , so the daily dust-busting and vacuuming just is n't necessary.I 'm sorry to give up the Omega Paw , but this is great .
 I got this when I got my new kitten about 6 months or so ago . The first week I was worried about how he 'd adapt so I left the regular cat box next to it . Turns out he was using both ... but the dog was eating the poop out of the regular open one , so someone I had coming by when I was out of town kept thinking the cat was only pooping in the clevercat and peeing in the regular box ... but it turns out that the dog was just slipping some midnight snacks ! gross ! Anyway , I got back and quickly took away the regular box once I caught onto the dog 's dirty secret , and the kitten has not had any problems whatsoever . In fact , he has a somewhat annoying habit of going to use it right as I 'm cleaning it out every day or so ... I clean , he pees . Looking up at me while he is peeing being all `` hehe , silly human ! '' . Repeat daily.Anyway , it 's working awesome . No unintended doggie treats . Cat has no problems . I 'm overall a very happy cat and dog owner . Also , I find it very easy to find the matching liner bags in a local all-natural store for like 7 dollars ... cheaper than on amazon ... so I just get those . If the cat scratches through or something and something leaks , I just use a little bleach when replacing the liner and the box is actually very , very clean .
 had bought one at the store when we were down to one cat to see if it would keep our mastiff puppy out of it and to keep my grooming shop/mud room area of my house neater ... worked like a charm . We moved , added two kittens to the family but I could n't find another one of these at the store so went with a standard covered litter box for the second box ... lived with for a year ... remembered all the things I hated about it ... more mess , etc. ... finally got online searched for Clevercat . . found it ... ordered it ... now all is right with the cat litterbox world at our house ...
 Thanks to the new box , my dogs can indulge . I an delighted and my cat is delighted with the new product .
 We have two cats , one kitten and one adult . Both cats took the new box right away -LRB- even the 9 week old kitten can use it ! -RRB- and we just love it . It 's more `` discrete '' than a regular box and cleaner too . Our kitten will grow quite large so I am curious to see how it will work for him when he 's at his expected 20 pound adult weight .
 Length :
 I do n't know if my cat likes this , but I do because my dog ca n't get in it . I have tried many containers to keep my dog out of the cat litter , and this one works flawlessly . He ca n't get into it.My cat I do n't think really likes it , but she uses it . If you have a large cat I do n't think they would like this because of it being confining , but my little cat fits in it just fine . She has started just standing on the top and aiming down the hole to poop , which is odd , but whatever , as long as my dog does n't eat it.It is essentially just a storage tub with a hole in the lid , although it does have little grooves on the top to get the litter off the cats feet and the plastic is sturdier than a storage tub -LRB- although you probably could try making this yourself -RRB- The other nice thing about this is that because the cat has to jump out and walk across the top to get out they ca n't kick litter out of the box and I do n't have litter all over the floor .
 Cutting a hole in a Rubbermaid lid might work , but it would n't be the heavier gauge plastic that the Clevercat box is molded from . It is apparent that some thought went into the design from people that understand cats and their nuances . The lids are solid , seat firmly , and knock the litter off of the cats paws . I have n't seen my 4 indoor cats using this , but I can sure see the positive results ! Gone are the territorial/stress pees and poos like that were found outside the traditional boxes . I would suggest getting the box liners that fit exactly in the boxes . These keep the boxes from soaking up the odor that any plastic box will do . The liners are of a heavier gauge plastic than any yard or trash bag I know of . I have three of these boxes and am ordering two more!Update after living with these boxes
 I guess when this product was designed , they assumed that the weight of the litter in the bottom would stabilize it . Well , I use an incredibly light litter made out of cedar shavings , and yesterday I came home to find that my cat had tipped the whole litter box over . I had noticed it wobbling at times when he stood on it , and he seemed a bit apprehensive , but I did n't honestly think the thing would fall over . I have no idea yet if my poor kitty was standing on it when it fell , but I assume he was . Now I guess I have to find a way to stabilize it . I really hope that does n't make him stop using it because I 'm pretty pleased with everything else about it.I would caution people who have large cat against getting this particular box . My cat is a medium-sized male , and he seems pretty large when he stands on this thing .
 This litter box has saved hours of my life ! I am serious ! No more cleaning up every day . There is no litter on the floor !! Maybe at the end of the week there are 3 pebbles on the floor , that is it ! You can fill it with lots of litter so it 's so much easier to clean . You do n't have to worry about the cat scooping half the litter out . My cats , both boys , are over 15lbs each , HUGE !!! They use this box without a problem . I took out there box and put this one in and they used it without a problem . No issues whatsoever . I recommend it to all my friends that are cat owners .
 This has worked great . My 4 lb yorkie had loved the tasty treats she could get out of the cat litter box . She ca n't get into this one . Problem solved . My cats -LRB- I have 2 -RRB- love it and had no problem transitioning to the top entry . There 's not as much litter getting on the surrounding floor either ! Should have done this sooner !
 We 've had Fritz for over nine years . We spent the first five years trying to find a litterbox that did n't create a mess . This one is perfect . We have two of these in the house , and Fritz took to it immediately . And best of all , there 's no mess.Tip
 This is a good product ; there 's definitely less mess/smell , and the cat seems to like it just fine . It 's definitely overpriced , though . $ 35 for what essentially amounts to a plastic box with a lid on it ? I do n't know . You could probably make something similar yourself for half the cost if you have the means , and the skill . Still , if you 're lazy , it 's a great purchase .
 First ... I give this litter box 4 stars instead of 5 for the exorbitant price . It 's plastic and costs pennies to make . The Big Box `` pet-company '' store has one for $ 5 less.Next ... prior to purchasing this , do an easy test to see if your cats will go for the top entry . Tape up a sturdy box and cut a hole inside . Do n't put litter in it of course , but just see if your cats will jump in and trust it.One of my cat 's did . The other was n't interested , even when I placed him on top and pointed him to the hole . Thank goodness he uses it now , but it took him a while.Ideally , I would rather the hole be in the middle so there is an even ledge on both sides .
 We had a lot of special requirements for a new litter box because we have dogs , infants and a toddler , and one poor little cat whose litter box needed to be hidden away in plain site . Unlike all our past litter boxes this one does n't leave us with stink or with litter -LRB- and worse -RRB- scattered all over the floor . I do n't think I have ever bothered to review anything on Amazon before , but this litter box actually made a difference for us !!
 When we first got our kitten , we had a real big issue with one of our dogs eating her poop . Even constantly watching our dog , he would always sneak off and get a bite . This litter box saved us a lot of headaches and some very stinky breath.We did n't want to use clumping litter in case the dogs ate it , so we are using pressed newspaper litter which disintegrates when wet . We are currently lining the box with 120L Garbage bags -LRB- A lot cheaper then buying the liners -RRB- . Because the bags are pretty deep and the lid keeps it in place , it does n't shift when our cat paws at the bag . Very little litter ever gets tracked out , it usually end up on the lid.I would recommend this litter box to anyone , especially to people who wants to keep smaller dogs out -LRB- not sure if it would work with larger dogs -RRB-
 I have two of these litter boxes and they have been amazing stress reducers for me when it comes to my `` stay-at-home cat-mom-clean OCD '' tendencies . I must confess my three cats are of superior intelligence -LRB- just ask them -RRB- and adapting to the new box was a no brainer . When I got the boxes , I just sat them in the middle of the floor , with the lids on , for my cat masters to investigate , hatch , and play in ... just like they EXPECT to do with any other new box or bag that comes through the door or postage stamp size scrap of paper that falls on the floor . After they lost interest 15 minutes later , I moved the boxes to each of the two locations where their old ones are and , before I switched them out , I placed some of the litter from the old box into the new one . -LRB- I clean the boxes as soon as my cats use them ... they even wait in line ... so they would be appalled , as would I , to find cat feces in their new box , yuck . -RRB- And so , it was done . No drama at all ... and one of the boxes is even under a bathroom vanity which has about 9 '' clearance ... honestly , I think they believe the box really was named after THEM . Anyway , onto the stress reduction ... my only male , a Selkirk Rex , obviously has observed my husband in the bathroom and insists on standing to pee in the litter box , which caused me to constantly be wiping down the lid , box , and associated connected surfaces with disinfecting wipes . Now with the Clevercat Top Entry box our little man can stand tall on his hairy little tip-toes and still not cause me to whip out a wipe . Ahh , bliss . And yes , the litter scatter has been significantly reduced too , so much so I am considering taking the broom and dustpan out of my bathroom closet . As a domestic servant to feline royalty , I applaud the makers of this litter box for making my job a lot easier !
 I bought this for my cat because the dog kept getting in the cat box . I followed the directions and put a piece of her `` kitty business '' in it and put it next to her old box . When she went to use her old box I picked her up and put her in this one . She took to it right away . The instructions say not to force your cat into it . I did n't force her in it , I just put her into it and she loves it . She is a digger and now there isi n't litter flying all over the place when she is done . Also , she would sit on the edge of her old box and I would have to clean up the edges and the floor . Now it all stays in , and thanks to the liner it does n't even get on the box ! She is only 6 pounds so she fits this perfect . I got it at PetsMart and they said that if your kitty does n't take to it you can wash it out and return it . Just an FYI .
 We bought this litter box at Pet Smart instead of on line . It saves litter usuage , the dog dose n't get in it and the cat took to it right away !! It was a little high for what seemed like a simple design but my cat Skeeter likes to spray pee and it went through the crack onto the floor , wall and surrounding area . This would infuriate my husband as he does the litter box duties . Has n't happened since we got this box .
 I have 2 Abyssinians who will use any litterbox so in the past I 've generally gone with something that will look someone inconspicuous in the bathroom . I also do cat and dog rescue and lately have been having to foster cats and dogs longer . I have found that when integrating young kittens to my household , they take to the Clevercat litterbox immediately . I am used to kittens making a big mess as they ` learn ' what litter is and how to cover up their mess . Now they can dig away without making a mess for me to clean up . I can not use the liners , however , because my cats have claws and tear the plastic bags.This has also helped me keep my small dog away from the litter box which he is inexplicably drawn to . But be warned , though , large dogs like my Great Dane can still get their heads in the hole . A rescue Labrador was also tall enough to get his head in the box but he was n't interested . I would say anything larger than a Cocker Spaniel could get into the box.If you want something that 's going to be less mess for you , this is the box . It 's simple and cats take to it quickly . If you want it for dog control , evaluate the size of your dog first because it does n't deter all dogs .
 My cats took to the new litter box right away . They were curious about it as soon as we put it out . There was no training or learning curve at all . They just hopped in , started digging , and did their business . I 'm very pleased that I no longer have more kitty litter outside the pan than inside ! In fact , there is no litter on the laundry room floor anymore , and the odors have diminished as well . Overall I 'm very happy I purchased this box , although I will not use litter bags that are recommended .
 I have a cat who pees horizontally . With regular covered boxes her aim was right at the seam where the top meets the box and it was always a smelly mess . After trying lots of other litter boxes , I saw this and it was a heaven-send ! It took no time for her to get used to it and when we adopted another cat , she had no problem either . The top traps most of the extra litter . I do recommend the liners , whether the ones they make for it or trash bags because it makes it easier to clean up , especially with the clumpling litter .
 I live in a small apartment with 3 cats and one dog . The cats -LRB- especially my 1 and 4 year old ones -RRB- seemed to take great delight in seeing how much litter and poop they could fling out of their old hooded box with the front opening . Not to mention my dog , who loved being able to reach in and grab little `` snacks '' , leaving a trail of litter behind for me to clean up . YUCK ! Now the litter flinging problem has been resolved - the brat cats can scratch down to China if they want to and the litter stays in the box ! What little bit remains on their feet stays in the grooves in the top ... and my dog no longer has cat poop breath ! Halleluya ! It took a while for them to get used to the top entry , but now it 's old hat . I use bio-degradable clumping litter and keep the box in the bathroom so cleaning out the waste is a snap . Both the litter and design of the box keep down the odor and I 'm not dust-busting the floor every hour !! My prayers have been answered . Yes , it was a bit pricey but boy is it worth it - especially when walking around the apartment bare foot ! Thanks , Clevercat !!
 I got this box to stop my little dog from sampling the `` cat treats . '' I 've owned a few different styles of litter boxes , but this is the best ever . She got used to it very quickly , and I think she really enjoys the privacy . The ridges in the top catch most of the litter when she hops out , so there is very , very little tracking . Best of all , it really does contain odors ! And , for something so big , it 's really very unobtrusive . I 've had the open litter boxes , and the front entry kind , but with a small 6 lb . dog , none of those kept him out!This one does .
 The main reason I bought this litter box was to get my dogs to stop eating kitty treats ! This is just the right thing for it . My two 18 '' tall dogs can not get into this thing and I am so relieved I do n't have to smell their poo breath anymore .
 I borrowed someone 's suggestion and got two - one for food/water and one for potty box . This keeps the dog out ! She got used to them within minutes . Granted , I still get to sweep the floor as she manages to have litter scatter as she jumps out - but not as much as with a side entry box.The one big bonus is that since there are no seams -LRB- I had a covered corner-shaped box before -RRB- she ca n't pee out . She has a knack of peeing right up against the box so the urine would seep out of the join between the top and bottom . Now that this is a solid wall there is NO more problem with that.Not pretty - just gray tupperware - but quite efficient . I 'm pleased .
 As an owner of cats for over 20 years , I have to say this is , by far , the best litter box I ever owned . My current cat , a little over 1 year , had no problem converting to this box . Less litter on the floor , less smell , and easy to clean . Highly recommended .
 When I first got my kitten , my friend gave me an ExquisiCat Litter Pan which I used up until I bought this . The ExquisiCat Litter Pan was/is horrible ! My kitten would kick litter and dried poop all over the bathroom floor . I had to sweep several times a day . It was very irritating . My sister , who used to use a CatGenie , recommended this litter box to me . At first , I was skeptical because it 's $ 33 and I really did n't want to spend that much money on a litter box . I got fed up with my old litter box and decided to give this a try . Needless to say , I am super glad I bought this . It is worth every penny ! I have had it for about week now and I have yet to sweep the bathroom floor . It blocks what little smell there is really well . I highly recommend using Dr. Elsey 's Precious Cat Ultra Scoopable Litter with this box . Clevercat Top Entry Litterbox + Dr. Elsey 's Precious Cat Ultra Scoopable Litter == AMAZING !
 I was having serious issues with hardwood floors and feeling kitty sand under my feet , regardless of sweeping . My 2 kitties just love to kick their litter everywhere , even through the flap of my newly purchased ` covered ' litter box . I was fed up and considering finding them new homes when I found this box on the internet . It keeps all the litter inside the box , not matter how vigorous they get . However , they still tracked the sand from their clumping litter out of this box too . I ended up finding a litter called ` Harmony ' , which smells like wet sawdust , therefore eliminating odor , and it 's like pellets which does n't track out . I LOVE THIS COMBINATION ! No more sand under foot , no smell and they can kick and scratch as much as they want . I was originally concerned with how large it was but I just set it in the corner of my living room with an overstuffed chair in front of the box and it 's completely out of sight . Thanks so much !!!
 Best litter box ever . Cut down on tracking by 99 % . The cats love it too !
 I purchased this for my 8 month old kitten because my dog has a habit of trying to `` go '' in the litterbox and the cat was disgusted by this . I tried everything from Hooded pans to a `` Booda '' box and he always managed to pee in it . About to give up I stumbled on this box and FINALLY something that worked . The cat had no trouble figuring it out and is super happy that his litterbox is all his again . The dog still tries to `` go '' in the box , but it gets on the pee pad next to it instead saving me the hassle of cleaning up his mess daily .
 I just ordered this litter box and I know my little kitty is going to love it!She only has 3 legs -LRB- one hind leg and two in the front -RRB- but she can jump nicely.And she loves to hide when she 's using the litter box , so this will be a real treat.But the reason I 'm writing this review is to share the miraculous litter I 'm going to use in it - Fresh News.It 's in the form of pellets - most cats adjust to it , and it absorbs odor like magic!I do n't have to touch the litter for weeks ! It dehydrates solid waste which loses odor fast.When it suddenly starts to smell strong , I know it 's saturated.Dump , refill , that 's it , - it leaves the box cleaner than any litter I 've ever seen!You do n't really have to wipe the inside of the box if you 're in a rush.This litter is recycled paper , and it 's dirt cheap . Check out Amazon for it.With Fresh News in this ingenious box , I doubt I 'll see any litter on the floor -LRB- since it stick to anything -RRB- . This will be fabulous - I 'll write another review after I actually use the box . Ca n't wait !
 I was happy with the product . However I did not get my $ 25 rewards for getting an Amazon visa card . I still dont know how the visa card rewards work . Looks like I am getting gipped by Amazon .
 I had the Omega box before this . The Omega box worked O.K. . It did make cleaning poop easier , but sometimes the clumps would break up and throughly cleaning the box was a big hassel . Litter would sometimes come out from the sides when rolling.We had to move the box to a small linen closet so we needed something slimmer . Thats when we bought this litter box . This litter box is amazing . Our cat took to it right away and has had no problems using it . Cleaning up is actually pretty easy since this prevents a lot of the tracking the Omega box did not . The Clevercat Litter Box is very well made and just plain genius . Our dog can not reach the poo poo anymore -LRB- we had to face the Omega Box toward the wall -RRB- . It looks great too in the linen closet since it is small . Though it is small , the footprint of the litter box is bigger than the Omega box litter side . This was a great purchase .
 We tried this box to see if it would prevent our two small dogs from raiding our cats ' litter boxes . -LRB- Their persistent litter diving had driven us to hoist our former litter boxes onto tables and countertops . -RRB- This box completely baffles the dogs -LRB- a Shih Tzu and a Lhasa Apso -RRB- . They leave it , and its contents , completely alone . As an added bonus , the box is easier to clean than a normal litter box . Love it so much , I wrote the review when I logged back on to Amazon to order a second box .
 I bought this litter box on a whim after I had tried the Booda Dome -LRB- and was not too fond of that ! -RRB- This thing is amazing ! Best litter box ever ! I was n't sure if my 2 cats would use it , but they took to it right away without me even doing anything . I do use it without the liners because one of my cats likes to scratch endlessly on the sides of all litter boxes , so the liners end up in shreds . But it is very easy to clean , it cuts down on the amount of litter tracked out , and it is roomy enough for my cats -LRB- one of which is very fat -RRB- . Overall WONDERFUL !
 I have 2 cats . They are about 10 to 12 pounds , and will be 13 years old in October . They love to kick and dig , and litter ends up all over my floor . Living in a small apartment , this was becoming unbearable . I figured I 'd give this box a shot , since I 'd tried just about everything else.It took them about a day and a half to get used to it . At that point , I felt comfortable throwing out the old , standard litter box they 'd been using . It 's AMAZING how much less litter I have to sweep up . It 's almost none now ! I LOVE this litter box -- and luckily , so do my cats : -RRB-
 This is a very simple , common sense design . It nearly eliminates the messiness around the litter box , making clean up a lot more pleasant . It took no time for our cat to adjust to the new litter box .
 We purchased this litter box a couple months ago because we were moving to a new apartment . We have a male cat that pees high and would spray outside of the old litter box with the open front . With the Clevercat that problem was solved . There 's no way he can pee outside the box with the opening on the top and there is no strong urine smell either when he goes . We have three cats in our home and all of them use this box . Like some other reviewers have stated , it does not stop the tracking of litter , but I 'll take a few pellets of litter over a puddle of smelly pee any day .
 My 2 14-week old kittens took to this new litter box immediately . It has cut down on the amount of litter tracked out of the box . It also prevents my Jack Russell and Rat Terriers from munching on treats out of the litter box ! I would definitely recommend it and the price is about 30 % less on amazon than at local stores .
 I have tried several different types of litter boxes to keep my dogs out . This litter box definitely works the best . I was concerned about how my cats would feel about the top entry system , but they began using this litter box immediately and stopped using the regular entry one . The only problem I 've had is one of my cats has pottied on the top but that only happened a couple times ; I think she has the hang of it now . This litter box is easy to clean and I do n't have to worry about urine getting in the area where the top of the litter box connects to the bottom like in other litter boxes I have used .
 I have two twelve pound cats that were having issues peeing all over the back of their regular box , which would then drip down the back and all over the floor . Not great ! Litter on the floor was also an issue but nothing compared to the puddles my lovelies would leave behind.They took to this box without any trouble ; just follow the acclimation instructions.Our -LRB- clever -RRB- cats still manage to track a little litter onto the floor but not as much as before and there are no more puddles to clean up , thank goodness!Unless your cats are HUGE this should work just fine .
 Do n't get me wrong , I would buy this again because it works so great for our cat and keeps the dog out . It also keep the litter in the box where it belongs . I only wish it were n't so expensive . It really is just a rubbermaid box with a hole in it . I would probably buy it again , though !
 This litter box is a great idea , and does what it promises in general . My mother has a lot of cats and uses a few of these . I finally got one when I got tired of cleaning up all the litter tracking from my cat 's old box . No track mat can contain the litter scatter from this cat . The box worked very well to contain the litter scatter , reducing it by probably 80 % . I followed the directions from the manufacturer and had no problems transitioning him to the new box . All was well for a few months . Then he started leaving `` presents '' on the rug in my home office . I secretly watched him and observed that he would go to his litter box in the bathroom , do some of his business , and then run full speed to the office and finish . This became more frequent until it was the norm . I tried a few things and finally figured out that he does n't have enough room inside the box to do what he needs to do . He 's a very large cat -LRB- 16 lbs -RRB- , and just needs something bigger . I finally took off the lid and he is back to using the box exclusively . Unfortunately , now I have the scatter again .
 I 've had cats for 15 years . Litter boxes get kind of gross after 5 or 6 years and need replacing . My previous litter boxes have been Van Ness covered boxes . Some of these boxes have 90 degree corners in them and it is difficult to scrape clumping litter balls from them . These corners are also a bit difficult to clean . I like the Clevercat because it has just four rounded corners . This box is pretty tall and I can put 3 '' of litter in it and my cats will still fit in it . It also does a much better job of keeping the cats from tracking litter through the house . Unfortunately , though , my cats will NOT use it with the lid . And one of my three cats wo n't use it at all . But I still like this litter box even though it is a bit pricey . I have high hopes that a future cat will love this box .
 This is truly the best way to take care of litter problems . I have tried several containers and did not find any that helped with the trailing and kicking out of litter . Many of the ones I see and tried make a complicated matter out of a simple problem and they are so large ! I had actually tried to find just such a high walled container at some home office stores because I thought that would do the trick and I would not have had the great litter catching grill that goes on top . This top entry litter box is as close to perfect as I hope to get . It takes up the least area of any I have seen , just take the measurement of some of these other containers , this was another big consideration to me because I live in an apartment . I am really pleased with this box .
 Keeps the litter inside the box where it belongsKeeps the dogs outside the box because , despite their beliefs , they do n't belong inside the boxTry to clean every day , because it is enclosed & does not get air circulationHave two , will be ordering a third when my rescue kittens get biggerWorth the price
 My crazy cat never covers up his business ... he does it and then does a Fred Flintstone out of the box kicking so much litter -LRB- and poopies -RRB- out with him that it is unbearable ! Coupled with the ungodly smell ... let 's just say the litter box has always been a serious problem in our home . The Clevercat Top Entry box arrived yesterday afternoon and I was a little worried because some of the other reviews said that not all cats take to it . I have to say , my cat , as crazy as he is , had no problem at all jumping in and giving it his best `` christening '' . Definitely much less litter on the floor and no way for him to kick out any poops . The product works but is a little pricey for what it actually is
 This is the best litter box I 've ever purchased . I have 5 cats and all of them transitioned to these boxes without missing a beat . No more peeing over the sides and virtually no litter scattered around the house . Also no more problems with dogs getting into the boxes for `` snacks '' . Truly a great product . I just wish I 'd thought of it first .
 So glad I found this litter box ! It has cut back dramatically on the amount of litter being tracked out of the box , due to the top exit and ribbed cover . When I bought the first one , I placed it next to our kitty 's old litter box , and within a day , he had tried it out , and a couple days later , I removed the old box . I like a covered box , and this one is so easy to remove the lid for cleaning ... unlike having to undo the clips around the cover of the old front-entry litter box we had . I got the second Clevercat because we travel every so often , and the two boxes work fine if we are gone for a week , and the person checking on our kitty does n't have to do litter box duty . This has been a great discovery ! Ordering through Amazon has been a breeze !!
 FORGET THE BAGS ! WORTHLESS !! Just use it and wash it with a pet safe cleaner . I use a $ ! squirt bottle with about 2 tbs of isopropyl alcohol and the rest water and RINSE WELL !! I use Feline Pine Cat Litter and I just put one tupperware bowl of it into the box and the next morning - every morning , we throw it in our bagged trash can . Then I spray the inside of the box with some natural cleaner and hose it out and leave it in the sun to dry . -LRB- I have two of these -RRB- . I can not stand the smell of old litter just sitting around , it 's so unsanitary ! Anyway , the box is GREAT . I bought TWO!I think this item is over priced as well , after all , it 's a litter box . However , it is very sturdy and well made in comparison to other litter boxes . My cats are adjusting well , it DEFINITELY cuts DOWN on the litter all over my floor . That is one major plus !
 This box actually does what it says -- reduces the amount of litter kicked or tracked outside of the box . The only problem is that we have two older cats , and one of them refuses to use it . We started by adding it as an extra box along with the old box , with the lid off . Eventually we put the lid on . We then removed the other box which was where the problems started . She just does n't like it for some reason . The other cat is totally fine with it . So if you have older cats who are set in their ways , you might want to take that into consideration before buying this box . I only wished we would have had this box years ago when the cats were first litter trained .
 So glad I bought this product . Before I had to vacuum the floor because the kitty would kick and track litter all over the bathroom . Now , this litter box keeps my bathroom floor virtually litter free , greatly reducing the need to sweep up after my kitty . There is very little tracking because of the deep covered design and the grooves located on the lid that trap litter on the cat 's feet . And my cat adapted to it instantly . Highly recommended !
 When I think of the things I 've done in my life to improve my quality of living -- giving up smoking , going for walks , getting more sleep , buying flannel sheets , stopping listening to that mean voice in my head -- nothing comes close to the joy getting Clevercat Top Entry Litter Box . Once I had one cat , but then it was two , then three , and now there are two outside that we neutered ... anyhow , the point is , if you like cats you will end up having tons of them because jackasses get them and them abandon them and there you are holding a half dead little kitten . Then if you really like them , you will be responsible and keep them inside . Better for them , better for the birds . But they pee and poop constantly and while it is amazing that they just know to use a litterbox , they do n't have a good sense of `` down . '' Two of my strays prefer the shoot everything at an angle approach which means the wall behind the litterbox is disgusting . Then they drag out litter all over the floor . But then they purr and try and catch their own tails and all is forgiven.But back to the review . These things are the bomb ! Sure they are really just a cheap plastic tub with a top and if one was handy one could probably make such a thing for $ 8 . But I would pay $ 300 for them . No more urine getting on the wall or sneaking out the crack of a side entry one . Also -- a big plus is that less litter gets dragged around . It also is amusing how they stick their heads out the whole , so you 'll get an occasional giggle .
 I 've bought just about every kind of litter box ever made . Tray boxes , self cleaning boxes , hidden boxes - you name it ! By far , the best litter boxes I 've ever gotten my cats are these Clevercat top entry boxes . They hold a lot of litter -LRB- for those with a tribe of kitties -RRB- are easy to clean and the plastic does n't hold odors . The lids are n't as strong as they could be -LRB- they crack -RRB- and they can be a little difficult to remove from the top of the bin at times . I wish I could buy replacement lids as the boxes are n't inexpensive.Don ' t get suckered into thinking you have to invest a bunch of money into the Clevercat brand liners . There 's nothing special about them except for their size . They are n't very strong -LRB- my cats shred them -RRB- and heavy duty garbage bags do a much better job for a lot less money anyway .
 Why did n't someone think of this sooner ? I have a cat AND a dog , and this litter box solved two very annoying problems :1 -RRB- The cat sometimes missed the litter box and ended up piddling on the floor , which resulted in many clean ups and lingering ammonia odors for days afterward .2 -RRB- The dog , a terrier mix , thought the kitty litter box was a snack bar.Now the cat can not piddle outside the box because she is deep inside with the opening over her head . And the dog is too short and not quite bright enough to get her face into the opening.Thank you Clevercat !!
 I have two cats , and a busy life schedule . I do NOT enjoy changing the cat box . This means I have about 6 cat litter boxes in my house and when they get full I just dump the litter . I am so lazy I 've often considered buying the $ 300 flushes-itself automatic cat litter box , but the number of reviews about system malfunctions puts me on edge.This cat box is AMAZING . I am replacing ALL of the cat litter boxes in my house with these guys . They do n't track out litter -LRB- my cats do n't track it on their paws much -- they dig the litter and it flies out of the box -RRB- The boxes themselves look like ambiguous rubbermaid bins which means my billions of cat boxes around the house blend in like they were never there . They 're very deep bins so my 2 dogs ca n't get their head in there and eat the cat poo -LRB- I 've got a TALL german shepherd and a dobie -RRB- . Basically , this is my perfect litter box . It 's easy to dump the litter -LRB- no fiddling with latches or fancy hoods and flaps -RRB- , it 's ambiguous design does n't attract attention when I have guests over , and the cats do n't throw litter all over the place.It may seem like the simplest solution in the world to a cat litter box , but that does n't mean it 's bad . Keep it simple , stupid . It just works .
 pros
 I adopted two brother kittens about 9 months ago -LRB- lewis and clark -RRB- , and have gone through 4 litter boxes since then . I tried all of the traditional ones and while they worked sort of there was always litter everywhere -LRB- somewhat because the cats like to make messes -RRB- , and I would have to sweep the whole bathroom at least once a day . Not only has this almost eliminated the litter around the box , it also helps with odor as well . My cats had no trouble adjusting to this box . I just placed some feces from their old box in this one like it said and kept the lid off for a day or so , and they use it no problem now . Super easy to clean because there are n't a ton of fancy parts , and it fits neatly in a corner . I am extremely happy , and I 'm never using another box again . The only trouble I 've had is finding durable litter liners , the ones by the company are a little flimsy .
 I 've been using this type of litter box for about 5 years now . My `` wildcat '' had no trouble adapting to it , as she is a big girl -LRB- Bengal -RRB- and a regular litter box was just too small an area to use as a potty . With the Clevercat , she can scratch and fling as much as she desires and it all stays in the box.I noticed in a couple of reviewer photos , that the hole on the cover seemed to be facing the front . I place it the opposite way , giving the wildcat the longer space as a sort of landing or `` porch . '' That one or two steps on the `` porch '' helps catch litter clinging to her paws.Another helpful thing I use is an old thick shag bathroom rug , -LRB- I got mine at a thrift store , -RRB- placed on the floor in front of the Clevercat . What is n't caught on the cover is definitely caught in the rug . When you scoop the litter , give the rug a shake over the litter box or trash can and VOILA ! And , you can just throw the rug into the wash every now and then.One more thing ... If you are ever in a situation where you and kitty have to evacuate your residence -LRB- I live in a hurricane prone area , -RRB- the Clevercat is , by far , the easiest cat potty to load up in the car and take with you . No worry about spilled litter , just pick up and go .
 Our two standard poodles ruined two carpets in our house by throwing up after snacking on cat do-do . My husband and I were beside ourselves . We had to tear up wall to wall carpeting and try to figure out how to keep the dogs from getting into the litter box of our growing cat colony.I saw this on Amazon and ordered it . My husband was skeptical , particularly whether our older cat would take to it . Within a week , the cat and the two kittens were using it quite happily . It is amusing to watch them stand in line for the litter box . One waits outside while the other goes in . And we did not have the mess to clean up around the box either.We do put the litter box against the back wall , and then my husband puts another plastic bin in front of the litter box to keep the tallest poodle 's head from reaching into the litter box . We have replaced the carpeting and hope we will not have to go to that expense again.Highly recommended for those who have the doggy snack issue .
 Our older cat would use this some , but preferred front entry boxes . Our kittens think it 's great , but now at 7 months old they are starting to get too big for it , and it 's starting to seem a bit small for two full grown cats . It is the best thing we 've seen for reducing scattered litter , they still track a little but nothing like a walk in litter box . I just wish they made a larger version , I may end up trying to make my own version but it would be really hard to duplicate the top .
 I LOVE this litter box . I went searching for a new litter box , because my new puppies had decided that Kitty Krunchies were delicious . I could n't seem to stop them from heading straight for that litter box when they smelled a deposit . NASTY!I 've put this litter box on a shelf in my laundry room , that is about 2 feet high . I then used one of my husband 's c-clamps to secure the litter box so the cat would n't knock it over as he was jumping out . The c-clamp is basically tightened on the wood of the shelf , right up against the litter box , so the litter box has no wiggle room . I probably could have left the litter box on the floor , and the puppies probably would have left it alone , but I felt better having it up a bit.Anyway , this litter box has successfully stopped my puppies from the Kitty Krunchies ! It 's also EXTREMELY reduced the cat litter that is around the box . I wish I would have gotten this box when my cat was a kitten , not 14 ! My cat is one of those that LEAPS , nay FLIES out of the box when he 's done , spewing litter to all four corners of the earth . This box has slowed down his exit , and the grooves in the lid really catch litter . My cat took to the box very quickly , I did n't gradually remove the old for the new , I simply got rid of the old for the new ! YES , I 'm impatient . I put my cat on top of the box , and he was immediately curious . He stuck he head into the hole 4-5 times , leaned in a few times , then finally decided to take the plunge , and peed right then and there ! Ever since it 's been used without issue . I think he likes the privacy aspect of the box . Also , he 's a fat old cat , and can still jump in and out , so that should n't be an problem for most.I use the Glad Strong Large 30 gallon black trash bags for this . Cheaper than what they sell , and fits great.Don ' t delay , order today !
 Good litter box but might be too small for some cats . The liner that comes with it seems to fit nicely and the top entry design does seem to limit the amount of litter on the floor . If this was a bit larger I think it would be perfect .
 I bought this product so that my kittens could have a litter box that would be easy for them to access -LRB- as my big cat 's box was up on a desk and too high for them to reach at the time -RRB- but that my small but very determined dog could not get into . I 'm very pleased with it , and pleased to say that the dog has not managed to get into it even though I have seen him fit into much tighter places to get food . -LRB- And he considers what 's in the cat box to be really tempting food . -RRB- The kittens took to it easily . I just put them in it once , with the lid off , and they got the idea . The litter seems to scatter less than with other cat boxes I 've tried , too . My older cat wants nothing to do with it , but I have n't really worked with him with it .
 I got two kittens and thought that this litter box would work well to keep the litter inside the box . I still need to go in the laundry room and sweep up the litter about once a month . Also , sometimes my cats step in their do-do and then track it on the floors . This also hold a lot of litter which can get expensive . I generally put a half of a 30 lb bag in the container once a week . I hoped that I would have been able to use less litter but it is a very large box . Otherwise , I think it is great . It is easy to clean and the cats do n't seem to care .
 I recently got a 3rd cat . My other 2 are very tidy when it come to litter box cleanliness . However , the 3rd one likes to uriate over the edge of the box and onto the floor . She just does n't squat down far enough . I tried several boxes until I came across this one . It is deep enough that she can not miss the litter and enclosed enough to keep litter tracking down to a minimum . It took a couple of days using it without the lid to get her used to it , but now she uses it just fine . The only problem with this box is that my 13 year old cat cannont use it because of her size and arthritis , she just uses a regular one instead . -LRB- Fortunately the messy one does n't use the regular litter box anymore . -RRB- Therefore , this is a great box for a regular sized cat who can jump easliy .
 I purchased this product in the store and it came with a base , top , and 2 sample liners . To begin , the liners are quite useless , they are the exact size of the box so it 's impossible to tie it to keep the sides tight so , if you follow the recommended instructions of keeping the lid off the box for a few days , the sides will fall into the box and create quite a mess . If I chose to use liners I will most likely try a drawstring trash bag or drawstring liners if I can find them large enough . I also found a snag in the liner within the first 2 hours because the cat was trying to get out of the box , after he gets a routine down I 'm hoping there wo n't be a problem.The box itself works very well , I love the fact that I can just turn the cover over at anytime and clean off the crystals . My cat crawled in immediately after I filled it with litter so he adjusted very well , I then put the top on so he would get used to crawling out , that 's all it took . I have yet to see any litter on the floor . Here are the major problems I have found with the box :1 . It is very large for one cat , if your cat is very diligent about covering up his/her messes you may have to dig for the `` treasures '' .2 . If you have a very large cat or an older cat it may be difficult for them to get in and out of the box .3 . There is no odor control such as with the Booda , a covered litter box is going to , of course , control some odor but I have found that the crystal cat litter made by fresh step has absolutely no odor so the two combined work perfectly .4 . This takes a lot of litter because it is so large , I was using a very small litter box and changing the litter almost completely everyday , I 'm going to have to break this habit or go broke .5 . The price is quite high for something so simple but if I had cut the top of a storage bin I would be concerned about jagged edges and the ability of the bin to hold the cat 's weight or not slide around . If I could have I would have bought the top and found a better bottom , perhaps not as deep.Good things about the product :1 . It does n't look like a traditional litter pan so it can sit out of hiding .2 . One reviewer commented that the top was difficult , I actually found the exact opposite , I find it very easy to maneuver .3 . There are grooves on the top that catch litter granules , and can be cleaned by flipping the top over or the directions suggest using a brush to clean the top .4 . The top is very sturdy and I 'm sure could hold even a large cat 's weight.All in all this is an excellent product I am very happy with it and would definitely purchase again or as a gift for a friend.As an aside , this product would most likely work well if you plan to toilet train your cat , it is almost the height of the toilet so would get your cat used to jumping up on the toilet .
 What does this have to do with cleaning a dog 's teeth ? < above review > How silly.This is truly a clever design , but not well executed for cleaning or for fat cats.Clevercat should look into the sifting trays and change it slightly to overcome any patent or trademark infringement.I 'm with the reviewer who suggested cutting a hole big enough for your cat , in a plastic tub . Square recycling bins work well for this , due to their shape , if they are big enough . For the sifting fans out there , simply cut a hole in the top of your hooded pan using a wood burner and seal off the front door .
 When I first started using one of these a little over 2 years ago , I was worried that my cats would n't like it or use it . We had just moved and were in a temporary apartment . I put it in place where the other litter pan had been and they used it right away ! One of my kitties is a Bengal and she 's super-picky about her litter . She used it without hesitation.The top does help keep the litter mess down , although with regular litter I still have to sweep fairly regularly to keep it under control . It is much better than a side door litter box ... they ca n't push litter out when digging around.During regular cleanings it is very easy to scoop . The high-walls keep litter inside when I 'm digging around . Every couple of weeks I like to dump the old litter and put in fresh . It 's super-easy with this box . I just take the top off , hold a kitchen garbage bag on one end and dump the litter in ... easy peasy.In fact I just ordered a 2nd one to replace a side-opening litter box .
 I have been a cat owner for my entire life ... and also dislike litter all over my floor . Domed , uncovered , high-sided boxes ... none of them did the trick . With this one , my home does not have a speck of litter anywhere , including right outside and around the box . The only litter not in the box is a little bit on the cover that comes off of their paws as they exit it . When their paws brush against the treaded top , the tiny amount of litter remaining comes right off . I have my litter box in my bathroom and I can , for the first time , walk barefoot before and after bathing with no fear of litter pressing into the soles of my feet and grossing me out . In addition , I used to have to keep the window partially open to keep the bathroom smelling fresh . No more !!!! I will never purchase another box unless it is this one which grows legs and arms and happens to walk the litter out to the trash .
 My pug ca n't get into it , and my cat ca n't track litter out of it ! What more could I ask ? Perfect !
 We used a Cat Genie for the first year that we had our cat . She 's full grown now and does n't have a whole lot of room to move around in the CG with the hood on it . And I ca n't leave the hood off because when I did , I discovered that she 's a back sprayer with horrible aim . My poor wall has the paint peeling off of it now ! Also , it seems that my cat got tired of the CG altogether and just started using the floor right in front of it.I had to find a different solution and fast . I did a lot of research and came across the Clevercat . I love how big it is . The walls are high , no seams to leak urine , and the top catches a LOT of the litter that would otherwise be strewn all over the floor . I do n't think I 'll be going back to the CG at all . Yes , I 've got to scoop every day , but the box is quiet , it does n't stink and I do n't have nearly the litter mess that I used to have . I recommend the Clevercat to all pet owners who have 10lb or bigger cats.And I do n't use the liners . My cat likes to spend a lot of time scratching inside the box and on the walls , and the liners kept coming down . I like it better without the liners anyway .
 These boxes are well worth the price . They drastically reduce the amount of litter you have to sweep up because -LRB- a -RRB- there 's no place for it to go when the cats dig around in it and -LRB- b -RRB- the lid traps a lot of litter from their paws when they exit the box . My four cats adjusted to using this type of box very quickly . And , these boxes are very dog proof - even for large dogs . We have large dog and she does stick her head inside the hole but rarely is she able to get it in far enough to get anything . The boxes are easy to clean . You can remove the lid or just leave it on and clean through the hole in the lid . I maintain 5 litter boxes for 4 cats and I have switched to using only this type of litter box .
 My cats really took to this box . Additionally , there is much less litter scatter . There is still SOME tracking , but it is greatly reduced compared to their previous box , which was a Littermaid -LRB- one of those very expensive , fancy-shmancy self-cleaning boxes -RRB- . This low-tech solution worked much better . The only downside is that you do have to scoop it . And if you have a cat that likes to urinate high up , this is a great solution . Buy a set of the liners that come with it , and you wo n't be disappointed . As a veterinarian , I frequently give recommendations to clients about getting more litter boxes when they have one cat that has inappropriate elimination.The first litterbox rule is N +1 , meaning if you have 2 cats , you need 3 boxes.The second litterbox rule is use a litter your cat likes . They like very fine sand type litters , and they HATE flowery smells.The 3rd litterbox rule is to use a BIG box ; cats like to really stretch out their paws and rake the litter over a wide area.The 4th , and maybe should be number one rule is this : scoop the box daily and keep it scrupulously clean . Have you ever noticed that the minute you scoop the box , your cat jumps right in and uses it ? And have you ever noticed how bad a porta-potty smells when lots of people have used it ? These boxes with covers are like big porta-pottys , and they seal in odors . Imagine that being the only bathroom option your kitty has ! If you leave the lid on this box and do n't clean it , you will turn it into a big gas chamber .
 I was hesitant - pricey for a litter box and what if the cats rebelled and went outside of it ? My senior citizen cats do n't like change , and my two year old is a huge Maine Coon so I was afraid he 'd simply be too big to fit . But I was so sick of the litter scattered all over the floor it was worth trying . Well , it works ! I 'd say there 's 90 % less litter on the floor . And it 's easier to scoop than my previous hooded box . When it arrived , I put litter in and placed it next to their existing box . I kept the lid off . Of course they did n't use it but I wanted them to get used to it . A few days later I put the lid on . They did n't use it but I did n't expect them to , not while the other box was there . I think it 's important not to place your cat inside , they know what it is and forcing things is never good in training . Then the young cat started to use it just for poop but that was progress . After about a week I took the old one away and put this one in its place . They used it right away and there have n't been any problems . It 's been a few months now and I 'm so glad I bought it .
 Length :
 My cat tends to drag litter with her everywhere she goes , so when I moved to college and brought her I wanted to get a good box that would keep my small room clean . I did have to live with it , after all . What a success it has been ! You have to leave the lid off for a while until the cat realizes it 's a box for them . Then you put the lid on , with the entry facing the wall -LRB- which forces the cat to jump out onto the platform first -RRB- . Most of the litter is trapped in the textured lid - and not on the floor!I 've had people over that did n't realize I had a cat box when I had n't vacuumed in days . While some litter pieces will always get away and into the carpet - this certainly keeps it at a minimum . The plastic does n't hold odors , either . I do n't use the liners - Snowy 's nails tear them up anyway . I just fill and scoop out , top off , scoop , etc. I also bought this for my mom because she has a larger cat -LRB- as in long body , not fat -RRB- , so he would get in traditional step-in boxes and think he 's being a trooper - and miss . With the only escape on the top , this box eliminates all misses from him , keeps the house cleaner and more sanitary , and even helps deter the dog!A bit pricey for a plastic box made for - well we all know - but certainly worth it if you 're tired of cleaning up after messy or would-be-do-gooder cats .
 Nope ! It 's a litter box ! I have a small apartment w / no real room to house a litter box inconspicuously so I got this Clevercat one and I keep it in my hall and no one notices it ... ever . And the litter does n't really spread around b/c they have to touch the top which has ridges to get the litter off ... I would suggest keeping it over a mat though , just in case . Perfect for cats who like to be covered and perfect for people who hate the smell and sight of a litter box .
 This is a great litter box . I have a 9 year old cat and she did not have any problems using the top entry -- after putting new litter in the box , I put the top on and `` hoped for the best ! '' She did not have any problem accepting the top entry as her new litter box -- best of all , I am not having to constantly sweep up litter -- her old box had a top with a door , but she still kicked litter out the door !! I have recommended this litter box to a number of cat owners .
 I 've had cats all my life and I 've used every kind of cat box and litter imaginable - even the really expensive , automatic ones - and this is hands down , the best litter box out there . The best part is that my 20 pound dog is baffled by it . Just not having to worry about racing him to the catbox is a huge weight off my shoulders . And it 's so easy to clean ! My cat dutifully wipes his paws on the top grid , so that I can just take the lid off and tap the litter back into the box . Using P-Pod Litter with it , makes it absolutely perfect . I 'll never waste my money on those stupid , hard to clean , automatic things again !
 I 've had my CleverCat box for 3 years now and it 's been the only box that has kept my pooch from snacking on the cat poop . The only downside is that I wish the box was a bit smaller but the good thing is that you only need to fill it about 1/4 of the way full for your cat to do his/her business while still keeping your dog out . The Tidy Cat Crystals litter works great as well keeping the box super easy to clean . Tidy Cats Crystals -LRB- 8-lb jug -RRB-
 My cats were the worst about flinging litter . With this new box , I do n't have any issue ! The top entry gathers the litter stuck to their feet as they exit the box , too !! When I got the box , I just put it in the floor so the cats could examine it and put a toy or two in as well . The next day , I took it and filled it with litter , put the lid on and they never had any issue with using it . It 's a great product !!
 Fantastic litter box . I echo others ' praise and add that that this seems to have eliminated tracking litter -LRB- although a small amount may be flung out of the entrance when the cat digs -RRB- . It took a day or two for my cat to get comfortable with the new box .
 I was not keen on shelling out $ 35 for a tupperware but did so hoping this would release me from extreme cat box despair . The item performs well WITH CLAY LITTER which is all I have used . My current housing situation leaves me nowhere to stow the box -LRB- e.g. , a basement , a closet -RRB- that would keep the trail of Feline Pine sawdust and clumping litter from getting all over my bathroom floor , my bed linens , etc. . Bottom line is if you 're in a confined space I highly recommend using clay litter with this product because you will never see a spec of litter on the floor . My cat took to this box right away .
 We love our Clevercat litterbox . We have three cats and need to have a litterbox on our main living level , which is mostly open . We had a large Boodadome litterbox -LRB- with entry stairs -RRB- , and litter constantly got scattered all over the floor , plus odor control was poor . The Clevercat has dramatically reduced the amount of litter that gets onto the floor , and even our larger cat -LRB- who has objected to covered litterboxes in the past -RRB- uses it without any issues . I also find it less obtrusive - we have it in our kitchen by the basement door , and I have not noticed any odor issues -LRB- which I definitely did NOT want in the kitchen -RRB- . We are planning to get a second one to put in our guest bedroom to prevent litter from being scattered on the carpet .
 Our cat loves to fling his litter , he will even roll in it if it is a fresh batch . This litter box has saved our bathroom . Our cat did n't have any adjustment period.Sure you could just buy a tote and cut a hole in the cover , but the gridding on the cover top is really useful in getting bit of litter of his paws .
 I have two cats and two litter boxes because the cats tend to like their space , but my female cat refuses to use this box completely . I 've read that this is n't uncommon as this type of box can create a kind of port-o-potty feel for the cats . Also , the product description mentions that the litter box is `` virtually dog proof '' , but both my beagle and yellow lab -LRB- who love to raid the litter box when I 'm not around -RRB- can easily fit their head in the hole and/or tip the box over completely , so it 's a bit misleading in that regard . However , it seems like it would n't be an issue with smaller dogs . Overall , it 's a pretty sturdy litter box and the male cat seems to enjoy the privacy .
 I , too , had problems with scattered litter , but this box substantially solved that problem . I first placed it next to the regular box with the lid removed . After a day or two I replaced the lid then removed the original box after another two days . Voila !
 I have a male cat that was urinating outside his box . The height of this box is wonderful ; both my kitties use and love it . I did remove the lid after three weeks because the male was having trouble entering and exiting . I would highly recommend this product . Now I can donate all the other boxes I have tried !
 Still makes a mess with the liter ; however , kitty loves it and so do I since no other thing finds its way out of this box ! = P
 Love this litter box , worth the cost which is not unreasonable with free shipping . I followed the directions , and our two cats adapted within 24 hours . It is wonderful not stepping on litter any longer in the kitty room . Our heavier cat is 17lbs but has no problem getting in or out . Litter will accumulate a bit on the top of the lid but just tap the lid over the litter when you clean the box , no muss no fuss . We still keep a mat under the box , but I detect very little litter on it . A great buy , and the jumbo liners make cleaning much easier . Service was great , the box delivered 2 days prior to the arrival date given . Could not be happier with this purchase !
 I got this product for my new kitten to keep my two small dogs out of the litter box . My small dogs do not even pay the litter box attention anymore because they know it is impossible for them to get to the litter in this box !! The design also helps to keep the not so nice litter smells inside the box . The process of the kitten having to hop back out of the litter box keeps most of the litter inside of the box , but what little he tracks out with him ends up stuck in the grooves on the top of the litter box . There is pretty much no litter on my floor outside of this box . Since the litter box is in a high traffic room , the design also helps to give my kitten privacy when he needs to do his business . I am sure a motivated individual could get a basic tub from Wal-Mart and cut a big hole in the lid , but the grooves on the lid really to help a lot in controlling the tracking of kitty litter .
 Much less mess ! I love this litter box . My cat was making a terrible mess with her litter so I decided to try a different type of box . My husband joked that we could use a rubbermaid tote . I 'm glad we did n't . The top is what really makes this box . It 's worth every penny .
 I ordered the Clevercat litter box to prevent my dog , Danny , from eating the cat poop -LRB- or Litter Rocca as my friend refers to it -RRB- ! It works perfectly ! My dog is small-ish - about the size of a Bishon , so he ca n't possibly reach the inside of the litter box.My biggest concern was whether my cats would adapt - especially my older one . Both cats accepted it . The older one took a few minutes to decide to use it , but ultimately he did and it has worked wonderfully . The design has also decreased the amount of litter tracked around .
 This box is wayyyyy expensive for what it really is , a plastic tub . Same as one that would cost 10 bucks tops at a major retailer . That said , the lid is something you wo n't find anywhere . And you are paying for the idea not the material . My belief is that the idea is a good one and thats great but I 'm not the true `` user '' of this product!I have 4 cats . 2 like it , 1 will use it if she has too and 1 wo n't use it at all . That sucks cause I 'd really like to use only these boxes . They do work really well and reduce the litter tracked out of the box by as much as 95 % . That is if your cat will use it.Final verdict , it 's a great buy if your cat will use it . I would suggest you have a long talk with your cat -LRB- s -RRB- and get their opinion prior to purchasing . -LRB- Just kidding , buy it . You 'll probably like it . -RRB-
 Hands down , the best litter box we 've ever had . No more dogs grazing the litter . No more litter tracked out of the box . The cats caught on immediately . I was hesitant to spend this much on a litter box and now I 'm glad I did !
 I 've tried the regular pan box , an automatic box , and switched to the Clevercat and have had it for about 5 years now . It definitely is the BEST at keeping any extraneous litter * in * the box and not on the floor surrounding it . I have noticed , as others have mentioned , that my cat has gotten lazy over the years and stops covering her poops . I 'm not sure if it 's because of the design of the box or just some random thing that happens to random cats ! I would definitely recommend this product .
 I was initially concerned that Goliath would have trouble adapting to the top entry design . I could n't have been more wrong . He took to it right away , and he is already enjoying kicking the litter around to his heart 's content . Goliath has had some troubles with going on the floor lately , but this litterbox stops that problem in it 's tracks . FIVE STARS
 If you are a dog AND cat caretaker , this is the perfect solution to keeping the dogs out of the cat box , as they seem to think cat poop is like a crunchy little snack -LRB- yuk -RRB- . This product is sturdy and affordable , and I bought it here on Amazon , as they seem to no longer carry it at my local chain pet store . The top entry also cuts down somewhat on litter being tracked around .
 This is a very good litter box . The amount of litter on the floor around the box is drastically reduced . Our cats went right in , no problems .
 We are going to travel the USA with the cat and needed a cat box that would work in our trailer . This is a great box , the cat took to it right away . We just unpacked it and left it on the floor without litter , of course he thought we had bought it just for him , like he does everything we get , but this time it was his . He loved just sitting in it peeking out . I am thinking of getting another one for him just to play in . He has no problem using the box for it 's purpose .
 While I 'm pretty sure nothing will prevent the cats from spreading litter - this does nearly eliminate it ! If you get one , definitely follow the instructions and put the hole side against the wall - I did n't do that at first and the cats were still hopping out and tossing litter everywhere , but as soon as I put it against the wall , they started walking across the top and leaving the litter there instead of all over the floor ! Both cats took to it right away , and up until I bought this , they had been in a lid-less box because they had been peeing on the sides of the lid , which ran down and out on to the floor . Lovely creatures . So I could not be happier with this product - it 's much less expensive than similar designs and it really works !
 Pretty much the best litter box I 've ever used , and the cats did n't need any training to get used to the top entry.When they 're inside they can spray pee everywhere and throw litter as much as they want , and there is no leaks ever , because the sides are one solid piece . It might not seem like a big deal , but it 's a massive improvement if you ever had regular litter box with messy cats.The top entry is suppose to keep the litter from getting everywhere , and it sort of works , if your cat climbs out the top . If your cat jumps out of the hole then it does n't help much.I was going to order this on amazon , but ended up getting it from Petco since I needed it that night . It was about the same price , $ 36.99 + tax .
 My dog used to keep getting into the cat box now with this new litter box the dog does n't mess with it anymore . Plus my cat loves the new litter box ! Less cat litter on the floor and little to no smell . Much better than any other litter box I 've had .
 I was skeptical at first of spending $ 40 on a litter box , more so when its basically just a Rubbermaid tub with a special lid , but now I 'm convinced . My cat is a litter kicker , spending an absurd amount of time moving litter around in the box for no apparent reason . This leads to litter getting thrown out and all over the place . I do have a couple of caveats with this box though : The fancy lid does absolutely nothing unless the back and sides of the box are blocked for the cat . Otherwise , he will just jump in and out of the box as if the lid were not there , defeating the whole point of this . At my old apartment this was a problem because even if you have it in a corner of the room , the cat will still just enter an exit via whichever edge is not against a wall . Fortunately , at my new place , the space between the toilet and bathroom cabinet is exactly the size of the box so it works great and barely any litter escapes.Another thing I love about this box is that it is much easier to clean/open than most littler boxes I think . Also , for whatever reason , my cat appears to do a lot less of his unnecessary scratching in this box and that that he does do is quieter.A cheaper and slightly less effective solution is to use a normal litter box but have it face your wall and have the sides blocked as I described earlier , then the cat has to get out and then climb/jump over the box to leave the area , causing most of the litter to stay in that region .
 That darned cat of mine kept kickin ' and throwin ' her litter all around the gosh-darned room , but with the Clevercat , she ai n't able to do that no more !
 This works very well for my 2 Pit Bulls . They now have enough room to both stretch out in the back without being cramped . The extend a seat is very sturdy . It is money well spent !
 I bought this as a present for my cousin who hauls 4 dogs in a Honda Accord . She loves its versatility and ease of installation and removal .
 Purchased 2 of these , intending to use 1 in each vehicle , but ended up using both together for extra reinforcement due to weight of dogs . Surface fabric was very slippery , but this was overcome by throwing a blanket over the pads , which we use for the dogs anyway.Just returned from a 4 hour , one-way camping trip and the pads were great for adding extra space for our 2 labs . Plus , it gave them a wider area for jumping up into the seat .
 My dog is a 65lb lab/chessie mix . I keep her belted in the car -LRB- using a harness and zipline -RRB- but she would still slide off the back seat of my SUV.I bought the Extend-A-Seat and love it . It easily holds her wait . Much of the time , she lies on the Extend-A-Seat instead of the car seats.I 've noticed some people saying it could n't hold their dogs ' weight.It took a bit of time to figure out how closely I needed to position my back seat to the front seat in order to make certain the Extend-A-Seat is stable , but I have n't had an issues . If you can move your back seat close , do that.I ca n't give this five stars though because :1 . The barrier is useless . My dog can just push it down .2 . It takes time to get it set up.All in all , I 'm happy with the product and my dog loves having more space in the back .
 I was a little skeptical that this would work as advertised , but it works just like they said it would ! I would recommend it to anyone needing to fill the space between back seat and front .
 I agree with the other reviewers that this is great if you have a dog that is less than , say 50 lbs or so , -LRB- or who just lays on the seat and does n't move -RRB- , and if you have four doors and do n't want to move the seats -LRB- recline , reposition . -RRB- If you move the seats it might fall -LRB- and they have to be far enough back to touch the back of the seat and rest on the back seat -RRB- so you ca n't recline or move the seat forward or back . Other than that , it 's awesome for me . I have a pack of small dogs . The `` built in barrier '' to keep dogs from jumping in the front , does n't work . They just jump up on it and it slides down . So if you want a barrier , you need to by another one separately . But it works as a seat extender for small dogs .
 This extend a seat works well in my Prius with the shifting weight of my five dogs moving about . I do not use the product as pictured , but have my rear seats folded forward allowing my dogs some room to move about in the hatch area of my car . I also have all of my leather seats covered in seat covers for protection and a custom made cargo liner that lines the walls and hatch/backseat area of my vehicle . I use the extend a seat under the cargo liner . I love it and would definitely recommend in a similar situation . If you do n't want it to move , I would invest in velcro as well . This will not keep your pet from entering the front seats , but it would prevent your pet from getting wedged between rear seats and front seats if you had to stop quickly . I hope you enjoy many safe years of travel with you pets . Warmly
 I 'm not sure why it 's so hard to figure out if a specific comb works with a specific clipper . It felt like finding this particular comb took much more research than it should , but I 'm glad I can confirm that the Oster `` Universal '' combs seem to fit on my Fast Feed perfectly . It also seems to be of higher quality -LRB- smoother teeth and attaches more securely -RRB- than the combs that came with the unit . In fact , the reason I bought this was to replace my 1/4 '' comb that had poorly cut teeth that 'd scratch my scalp.I was hoping to move up to stainless by tryingWahl 3372-100 # 4 Stainless Steel Comb , but unfortunately it did n't quite fit my Oster correctly.One more note in case it was n't clear
 This is a pretty good clipper guard . I really like how the metal clip is spring loaded so it can fit many different clipper blades . The plastic is also very hard , not flimsy like most guards out there . The only drawback is that the spring can be too weak at first causing the guard to detach from the blade . However , once the clipper blades form a slight groove in the plastic , that should solve that problem . All things considered , I am very satisfied with this product , and I have not seen a better replacement attachment after ordering several .
 Was great to be able to purchase Oster combs in the shorter hair lengths -LRB- 1/4 , 3/8 -RRB- without having to buy a full kit . These combs just snap on and work very well for grooming my dog in a puppy clip / summer shorter haircut when it 's warm . They are durable , too , have never broken one in years of grooming with larger ones -LRB- 3/4 , 1 '' sizes -RRB-
 I bought this for my Oster Golden A % for personal -LRB- not professional use -RRB- . It fits tightly and seems solid .
 My cat has had intestinal issues for years . She overgrooms herself and ingests a huge amount of hair , which causes intestinal obstruction or blockage . My cat has also had the tendency to throw up all the time because of hair ingested . I 've had to take her to the vet numerous times for this problem because obstructions can be fatal if not dealt with . Purina hairball formula food was not helping her . I 've used this product for a year and it is nothing short of miraculous ! No more blockages , no more vomiting , no more vet bills , just a happy cat ! I think that this food is good for overall health of any cat .
 My cats love this cat food ! All I have to do is stand near the food dish and they begin circling and crying in anticipation . I highly recommend this product as cats love it , it does n't smell too bad , and it 's easy to find in most grocery stores .
 My dog always is jittery/jumpy in the car ... I tried soothing music , I tried bribes . I got this CD and by the time the 2nd track is on my dog is zoned out ... this really works ! Now , if only my dog can count as a commuter passenger !
 Tried this CD 3 days ago and noticed a huge difference in my terrier Max . He gets freaked everytime I go to work . I put the CD on 5 minutes before I left and by the time I said goodbye , Max was zoned out in front of the CD player.Now that has NEVER happened ! The only complaint I have is that Petco was sold out of the CD when I went to buy some for friends.I wonder If it works on husbands ?
 It calms me down too , but not to the point of being sleepy . It 's a great CD ! I highly recommend it !
 Wow . I brought home a shelter cat and was SO worried that the first thing to go would be my couch . I was really sweating it . I bought a Super Scratcher and a sisal post , put catnip on both , and hoped for the best . Brutus rubbed up against the post , but never clawed it . He naps on top of his Super Scratcher he loves it so much . I could not be more pleased !!! Brutus and I are going to have a fine life together now that my couch is safe . : -RRB-
 This is a wonderful , inexpensive , practical product . Cat 's just love it . I recently adopted 3 shelter cats and felt heartbroken for the 27 I saw there - waiting for someone to come along and give them some love and a home . I could n't take them , but I could give the shelter 27 super scrathers for the kitties - I was told that they just brought some of the shy/depressed cats right back to life - they sleep right on them , scratch to their hearts content . The other nice thing about them - when they really start to wear out from use - just flip them over , add a bit of catnip and start again .
 If you love your cat , please give her this scratcher . My cats fell in love with it immediatelly . The cat will use it all the time and never touches your furniture again . Best , best thing you can do for them .
 My cats LOVE this thing . They scratch on it , fight over it and sleep on it . It is very messy the older it gets though and does n't last very long . Still , happy kitties .
 My female cat was spraying in one area of our dining room . This little fix took care of that!I tried everything to try and break her of this spraying . I cleaned the area , used baking soda , fabreeze , laid down painters plastic , out out two additional litter boxes in different areas of the house , and none of that mattered . Every morning there would be puddle.Then my vet told me to try to make the area where she sprays a fun place for her . Put something there that she would rather play with than spray on . I was so skeptible but I figured what the heck . I decided to try the cheapest fix first to see if it would work instead of dishing out $ 30 on a cat condo she 'd probably pee on too.So I get this thing home , spread the catnip in there , and lay it right where she sprays . Sure enough , she went to approach the area , saw the cat scratcher , and stopped dead short . She timidly approached , then began rubbing her head all over it , followed by climbing on it , and scratching the corrugated box rows , more face scratching , and finally just sitting on top of it . This is now her favorite spot and needless to say both she and I are very happy.I 'm going to pick up a few others and try to build a little box out of them so she can nest more comfortably . But as of right now , this thing is a miracle worker .
 I 'm a volunteer at the local animal shelter , and I 've never seen a cat that 's come through the shelter that did n't know exactly what this thing was , and was n't wild about them . They all seem to instinctively know to sit -LRB- or lay -RRB- on them while they scratch.We had a 9-year old Maine Coon cat that had been in the shelter for about 7 months , and it got to the point where I just had to take her home . So I stopped at the store and got one of these on the way home with her . If you know anything about Maine Coon cats , you know they have enormous paws , and therefore very large claws . Chloe regularly goes to town on her scratcher , but has never shown the slightest interest in scratching anything else . Except when she decides to lay on me and then `` make bread '' , but that 's an entirely different thing.You may think that , being cardboard , these things would n't last long . But they do . And , as others have pointed out , when they get too worn on one side , just flip them over.And you can buy a whole lot of $ 20 cat scratchers for the price of one good piece of furniture !
 Over the summer I let my cat go in and out of the house as he pleases , so he gets his scratching done the natural way up in the trees . . However the winter season here can be quite harsh . The poor boy gets cabin fever like you would n't believe . He just wants to scratch the life out of everything around him . So I searched last winter for a product to help out , and I came across this . At first I was iffy , with it being cardboard . But being on unemployment I could n't afford to go out and get a big fancy scratching post . . However , I think I will stick to this product forever ! He just went to town with it . Even found him sleeping on top of it , and guarding the scratcher from the dog.I love the fact that once the top side is worn down , all you need to do is flip it over , and it 's like brand new .
 This works 1/2 the time . I think some of it is in part to the fact that my puppy is stubborn and wants to try andnestablish dominance . But like I said over all it 's not that bad of a product . Matter of fact the best out of allmthebsprays I have gotten .
 four paws wee wee housebreaking aid works really good , i had a Maltese and in no time he was houesbroke and i have a shuh tzu now im training , i have some wee wee housebreaking order now . i have used other that do n't work but i give this high rating . good stuff .
 This stuff works good and not just for puppys ! the fanted smell will draw your dog to pee almost anywhere you wont it ! Even my pug is drawn to this spray and she is not a puppy she is 5 yrs . and i used it to get her to use the pee pads after she found a fast hatred for the fake grass pee catchers for inside outside use . I wonder if this will work with wild animels ill have to try.lolthanks for the help ... . Tommy
 After a little over a week of trying to puppy litter train my puppy she just was n't getting it . My puppy is an American Eskimo - they are very intelligent but also can be VERY stubborn . The first couple of days we tried just putting her in the potty but she did n't want to use it . I had read to try putting a box around the litter so they are n't able to run off and play when it 's potty time . So we tried that the second half of the week - Well my puppy ended up just playing IN the potty and even laying down to nap and our theory is that she ended up seeing it just like a second crate and so she did not want to potty in it -LRB- she loves her crate and was crate trained from the.first.night . -RRB- So THEN we bought a puppy pad -LRB- did n't work - she tore it up -RRB- and this spray . We also removed the litterbox from the surrounding box and tried just putting it out on the floor again . . She went in the litter box , sniffed , circled twice , and started going in her potty . . ! For the first time . . ! -LRB- She had gone a couple of times `` finishing '' after we caught her but that was very rare usually she would just hold it and run off and go somewhere else 2 minutes later -RRB- . Since then she has only had 1 urine accident - I think she was just overly excited - and about 60 % of the time she is going number 2 in her potty as well -LRB- this spray only teaches them to go # 1 -RRB- . In a short while she should be 100 % trained on number 2 as well.My dog went from 0-80 like * that * and I truly was amazed with this product . From reading the reviews -LSB- . . -RSB- I have noticed those that had trouble with the product were those using the pads . The pads already have a scent so it probably confuses them even more . Also I spray alot and I spray more a few times a day just to make sure . . I reccomend trying with the litter if the pads or pads + spray are not working . They still like to chew on the litter but the pads they love to DESTROY and rip to shreds instead of going potty on them - lol.Also another tip if your dog does n't take to it the first time do n't give up - maybe they do n't even have to go at the moment or they could just be a slow learner .
 We received this with a dog potty that we recently purchased and , so far , it 's working great ! The only downfall is that she loves to rub her face in it after I spray it on the potty grass . But it definitely makes her go in the right spot . I usually spray it on the grass just before I think she needs to use her potty and it 's training her away from using her normal spot in the yard .
 have a silky terrier ... with the cold weather here in the northeast , its impossible to take my dog for walks ... had a PEE pad in the house for over two weeks and the dog never used it . Bought the spray and still no luck . Put the pad outside and the dog pee 'd everywhere but the pad . Even with the spray was n't much luck . Finally I started spaying the pad before we let the dog out , without the dog seeing me so it would think another dog used his pad . IT FINALLY WORKED ! even after a while the dog stopped peeing on the pad , and used the spay and almost right away went on the pad . Now i use this spray sparlingly , the key is just to have it go on the pad once with the spay . Def . works well with a handful of treats !
 I had purchased a potty patch which my dog was not attracted to . But after getting and using this product Tucker was more inclined to use the patch . Thank you
 I sprayed a spot one time and she found it right away . The scent does n't last too long but at least she was able to find it the first time .
 This worked for my puppy on the first try . She is three months old and still has that `` do it my way '' about her so I was thrilled to have a solution that we are both pleased with . I recommend this product for anyone looking for a potty training aid.It 's oderless , easy and best of all-it works .
 simple solution does work pretty well ... for maximum results this product should be used from the beginning ... my dog is already trained for the puppy pads -LRB- chiahuaua -RRB- but I use it for a little more reinforcement for rainy days or when I can not take her out ...
 Worked , but we did n't need to use it much ! It does what it says it will do , though ! Good product .
 Our new puppy would only go on our antique rugs until we got this spray . Couple of squirts on the wee wee pad and that 's it !
 This spray has worked very well in training our new puppy , which is a breed that is notorious for being difficult to train .
 I think that it works ... . i dont ever put a potty pad down without spraying it so i dont know if it really works but i am not willing to try without it !
 I use this with the puppy pads and the Pet zoom green fake grass pads and it was successful . I always put my dog on the pad and rewarded her after she went potty to reassure her and she got it with a little time . Thank You . A great training aid
 Works well with the pet park training system and gets the puppy initially interested in the Pet Zoom Pet Park Potty .
 I do n't know what I would do without it . Makes my life so much easier ! Great invention !
 I am sure the product is good . Trying to train a 12 year old Samoyed who has just been diagnosed with Diabetes . Not having great success in re-training an older dog .
 I have been using Simple Solutions Diapers on my 14 year old dog for about 6 months now . Previously she would be up multiple times per night and soiling the floor . Simple Solutions Diapers gave us our first uninterrupted night sleep in over a year ! After a few weeks in the diapers however she figured out how to remove them herself during the night . I had the idea of adding a cloth diaper over the disposible one so she would keep it on . That worked well until a few weeks ago . She began te pee more at night and started peeing through the tail hole in her diaper . I was n't sure how to fix the situation until I saw the Simple Solutions Diaper Liners . I put a liner in the disposible diaper and have it come halfway up the tail hole . When I pull her tail through the hole , the liner sits just under her tail , absorbing all of the exess urine before it soaks the cloth diaper or the floor.We are once again sleeping through the night ! We are so happy with the Simple Solutions product line , I have recommended it to family and friends in the same situation .
 I guess I could have bought just reg ladys liners that is what these look like . Shipped fast and product was ok
 I would have given 5 star but 2 of the cans were slightly open when they arrived so They turned bad . My dog likes it and it settles ok with hos stomch .
 We used this product for the first time last spring . My dog unfortunately chose to use the front yard as her main `` pee '' area . I was horrified to see all the brown spots on our `` typically '' beautifully green lawn . Here are the steps I took and much to my dismay , it actually worked . First I raked all the dead grass away so it was almost a bare spot down to the dirt . I then poked a bunch of small holes into the area as to airorate -LRB- unsure of spelling ?? -RRB- it some . I then put grass seed down . Lastly I sprayed it with the Lawn Spot Away . Since I had multiple areas , I had to duplicate this process 15-20 times . I think it mainly camoflages the areas however I do believe it also neutralizes the soil some as to encourage regrowth . I then watered the grass regularly and resprayed the areas every few days or so -LRB- maybe every 4-5 -RRB- . After about 3 weeks the areas were repaired . I figured for $ 10 -LRB- for the 32oz -RRB- even if it makes the spots look 50 % better temporarily and accelerated regrowth some , I was happy . I have just repurchased and am ready to do it again for this year . On a side note , throughout the summer I give my dog -LRB- yellow lab -RRB- Green Um tablets -LRB- also sold through Amazon -RRB- to help with summer burn . I take her off them in the late fall for the winter months since they suggest not giving it year round . Considering how damaging dog urine can be , I have done tons of research and nothing is 100 % -LRB- or even close -RRB- .
 Lawn Spot away is controlling the yellow spots in my yard . With 3 dogs I have many spots . Plus the hot summer sun does not help either !!!!! I use it weekly now to help the problem areas heal and to prevent new areas from getting out of control .
 The product is great and does exactly what it says - `` covers pet stains '' The product come out of the bottle a little `` greener '' than anticipated , but gives the lawn an attractive appearance . Once you try this product , you will be addicted - so buy the bigger size !!!
 Simple Solution Lawn Spot Away is so easy to use . I ca n't believe my lawn is so beautiful and green , You would ' t know I have a dog running around on my lawn .
 The burn spots seem to be going away , I 've only put 1 application down , and the spots are getting smaller . The grass around the edges is VERY green and lush . So far so good .
 While this is a non glamorous product it is very useful for many purposes and keeps the clippers well lubricated . Also good for fishing reels and other purposes .
 The clippers came with a small tube of this stuff , but we ran out pretty quick . We use it on the clippers regulary to keep them from jamming and rusting . it works great .
 If you are wanting your hair trimmer to last years ? Keep it up with this product . Hay ask your Barber . Nice bottle . SW
 Wow ! You get a good-sized bottle -LRB- 4 oz -RRB- of this oil for a very small price and it lasts forever . Fantastic for lubing all kinds of clippers - we use it on the dog clippers as well as my professional human clippers - works equally well on both . Save your money and buy this oil rather than the more expensive ones sold for human hair clippers . It 's exactly the same product .
 The Oster Premium Lubricating Clipper Oil works fine on our razor . Oster is a name brand that can be trusted !
 Picked this up for my cheap hair clippers that I use to give myself buzz cuts because the shears started to pull . Added a little of this and problem solved .
 the oil flows well and the top caps it beautifully . It is the best clipper oil I have ever used .
 This issue was my own fault but I did not realize the S&H charge was about $ 8 + . -LRB- The oil itself only cost about $ 2 -RRB- . Other than the high S&H , it is a good product . I 'll need to check S&H charges more carefully in the future since it somewhat ruined the savings cost issue .
 have n't tried it yet but I 'm sure it 'll do the job it was made for . the bottle is designed to dispense oil neatly . It has a better design than Wahl 's oil .
 expensive for only 4oz . . It is a good product but I could find something similar for a better price somewhere else .
 I put 1-2 drops on my clippers once a week when I shave my head to keep the blade lubed . Works great , will probably last me 10 years .
 This works as just as well as the tiny bottles given with a braun razor , at a fraction of the price . I use it for my face shaver , head razor , and lubricating the ball lock seals on my beer kegs . The 4oz will probably last for my lifetime .
 i love this product . Its very helpful and i love it very much since im an aspiring groomer . Thank you
 Regular oil doesnt do the trick . If you want your shaver to last a lot longer , spend the few bucks and get this . I think mineral oil also does the trick but this applicator helps make sure you get just the right amount on the blades .
 Great product . Very fast shipping . I should have bought this product years ago , when I first bought the hair clipper . Glad I have it now !
 4.0 oz should last more than a lifetime . In any event , It 's large enough to where I do n't loose it and it stays visable near all my electrical shaving equipment .
 Blades overheat quickly with my dogs thick fur . Keeping them lubed saves my clipper motor and having an extra blade makes clipping easier .
 I put a line across the running blades before starting to cut hair . Have done this since first use of cutter over ten years ago . Blades are still sharp .
 Havent used it yet but it got here fast and I got it for a bargain so I ca n't complain !
 I have had three dogs with the same clippers . I oil the blades to make the clippers run smoother . I like the Lucky Dog Clippers a lot and it does a good job on my dog . I oil it all the time for a great smooth job .
 When applied to my three head rotary shaver , I was very pleased at the results . A Couple of drops applied to each shaving head , ran for a few seconds , and then applied to my three day moderate beard . Shaver ran Cool , Efficent , and I received a smooth , comfortable shave . My face felt like it was free of post shaving dryness , yet NOT greasy like some lotions can leave it feeling . Granted , this oil is designed for `` Clippers '' but its light enough for my shaver . Priced FAR FAR lower than some `` Aerosols '' that are nothing but expensive alcohol based cleaners , that DO NOT work , this bottle will last for MONTHS . I tend to be VERY critical of products that DO NOT work , so when I find something that DOES , I will do my best to share it.Bottom line , Odorless , NON-Greasy , , Evironmentally Friendly .
 Got to have so just get it . Makes my clippers run like new -LRB- Oster Old 76 -RRB- . Keeps the rust off and your blades clean ...
 Without this product , or another of its quality equivalent , the blade of your clipper will have a short life . I found this out the hard way . And those blades are quite costly.This is the way I use it
 Received this one item of my order , which arrived March 14 , 2012 via U.S. Mail sooner than expected in separate package . The Oster Premium Lubricating Clipper Oil appears to be in good order in single package , but unable to use until the clippers & comb set in another part of the order 's shipment arrives , hopefully tomorrow .
 Not only have I been using this on my clippers/shavers , I 've also been using it on my scissors , pocket knives and any other little thing that may need a bit of lubricant .
 Really not much to say about this product . I have been using it on the clippers without any problems . It keeps the blades lubricated as discribed .
 Large bottle ... will last a while keeping my Wahl Clippers going.Cant beat the price + free shipping !
 The Oster oil was just what I wanted , the price was right , and it was delivered promptly .
 WINNING!i mean this is the cheapest oil and works perfect . plus it is alot of oil ! i mean a lot ! i use these on my blades everytime i use them and yeah . winning!PRo : really?cons : no grilled cheese sandwich ! and cake ! -LRB- i 'm Hungry > _ < -RRB-
 i love how the spout whit the long kneck stick out so far so you can oil your blade EZ !
 It pays to keep your clipper blades lubricated `` after '' you have cut hair and are preparing to store your clippers . Put a small amount of the Oster Clipper Blade Lube/Oil on the blades and then turn the clippers on for a few seconds to spread the oil over all the blade surface . The oil will cling to the surface and keep your blades from rusting or pitting until your ready to use the clippers again . The `` lack '' of lubrication allows the blades to pit and/or rust , causing the blades to pull or pinch the hair on your next hair clipping procedure . The bottle has a large quantity of Lube/Oil at a very reasonable price . Protect your clipper investment .
 People are always looking to cheap out on oil for their hair clippers . Well recently I got a Classic 76 which was $ 100 so I decided not to mess around with products I do n't trust . If I trusted oster that their $ 100 clipper is better than a $ 20 clipper , and it is , why would I not trust that their oil is also better if they say it is.People on the internet will tell you to do all kinds of things to cut corners . I actually read people frequently telling others to use vegetable oil . That will absolutely destroy your clipper motor . Run your finger over the hood of your stove . Feel how sticky it is ? That 's vegetable oil.For clippers , you need a low viscosity oil . And it needs to be ultra refined because clippers have a very high degree of vibration and friction when the blade rubs against itself.Would I trust 3 in 1 or WD40 on a $ 500 power tool ? Yes , because power tools are built to take abuse and have mostly permanently lubed bearings.But when it comes to my $ 100 clipper , I 'm willing to spend $ 4 to get oil specifically designed for it , because there is a difference , and food grade mineral oil is not the same , it is higher viscosity , which is bad.Hope that helps clear some of the confusion about lubricating oil .
 This 4 ounce bottle of lubricating oil will go a very long way . I use about 4 or 5 drops per use of my clippers . At that rate , this will last for years.This type of lubricating oil is needed to coat the blades of hair clippers . Otherwise , the blades rust quickly and can be relatively expensive to replace . A little prevention saves a lot of trouble.The way to apply this product is to place 4 or 5 drops on the clipper blades after use . Then wipe or swab the blade and put the clippers away until their next use .
 While I 've only used it a few times , this product does the job well . Just apply it to the sliding surfaces of the cutter blades and it quickly distributes and provide the necessary slick surface for the blades to oscillate rapidly without jamming .
 I use the Wahl Peanut to shave my head once or twice a week . If you use your clipper often , buy this . Not much to review . It 's lube . It works . If you need it , you should buy it . Ships fast from Amazon . Should last me quite a while .
 This Clipper Oil is great , does a wonderful job - BUT , I think it could of been 1/2 the size for a person that only has 1 dog ! I hope it has a LONG shelf life ! lol
 Oster premium lubrecation clipper oil is a must product for Oster clipper blades . Would order from this person again . Came in the mail fast as advertised . Since I trim my dogs , this is a must have product.Thanks for the prompt service .
 Lasts a long time . It has a nice pointy applicator so you do n't make a mess . I would buy again .
 I am completely happy with this purchase . Does the job at a reasonable price . If you need oil for your clippers , I would highly recommend this product .
 thank you very much for the clipper oil.It was very helpful.I have used it twice with no problems.recieved it in good timeing .
 I was using sewing machine oil to keep my blades running cleanly , but bought this to use instead . It might be the reason my blades are lasting longer than they were .
 My shaver works a lot smoother now.Shaves nice and easy . No more blade sticking . I would recommend it to all Barbers and Hair Dressers .
 Good , much easier than the little tubes.Going to try the cool spray next time.All & All good and convienient.Thank you !
 great product , works well , althrough i have not used it more than once as i brought a few weeks ago
 I use this on my razors and my clippers . It does the job its meant to do . And it lasts . My blades stay sharp and my clippers run great .
 Bought it from Amazon . Way more then I need , but it should just last forever . For the price , I believe it 's a lot of oil .
 perfect . works great for our hair trimming devices . and theres plenty of it so i wont have to go buying another one in a month !
 Uh yeah this stuff will really lubricate your clippers so Hard ! I am not sure what else to say . Its blade lube . Yawn .
 My clippers have always heated up mid-trim , and I used to cool them on ice in a freezer bag . Then I discovered Oster Kool lube which cools them right down much better than the ice bag . But I mistakenly thought that the &#34; lube &#34; in Kool Lube would protect my blades . But no -- they began to get grime in between the tines of the blades , which turned out to be rust . My blades were ruined.Now , I apply the Blade Oil at the end of each session , before storing my clippers . The Blade Oil works great as a lubricant and protectant , and I use the Kool Lube during the clip to cool down the blades . Blade Lube is wonderful oil and everything runs much better now . You can feel the difference from regular mineral oil . This is much finer quality.It is great to have plenty so I am not stingy with it , fearing I will run out like I did with the little tube that came with the clippers . But now that I know Amazon carries it , I wo n't have to worry about having to find a store who carries it . Man , do I love Amazon !
 Good value for the price . Machines do cut better with lube used frequently . Not much more you can say about engine lube ,
 Having children , dog , cats , etc. ... this stuff is absolutely the best and most cost efficient product for sale that I 've found so far . It had completely removed all odors from carpeting and padding , and I even used some in the laundry for an incontinent person once with great success ! Where is the gallon size ?
 Over the last several years one of my cats began occasionally peeing on things in our homes . I 've tried various enzymatic - and oxy-solutions , moving on each time I found a better one . I wo n't need to try anything else as long as Simple Solution makes this Cat Stain & Odor remover . It totally removes the smell . I would highly recommend trying his Simple Solution product .
 None of these products are perfect but the scent on this one is pretty nice and I felt that it cleaned to my expectations .
 We first tried Nature 's Miracle , because our new cat was marking his territory . It did not completely remove the stains/odors -LRB- YES , we dumped that stuff all over the place , heavily , through to the pad ... lifted the carpet to check -RRB- . You have to wait 2 WEEKS for the `` miracle '' to happen -LRB- Meanwhile , your house reeks of cat pee -RRB- . Simple Solutions removed the extra carpet stain left by N.M. Literally , it disappeared before our eyes -LRB- We 're using a UV light to detect the urine -RRB- . After 1 day , the solution dried and the smell was completely gone.I was very skeptical , but this stuff really does work.In comparison , both Simple Solution and N.M. have enzymes to speed up the decay process . The difference is that S.S. contains good bacteria ... GREATLY speeds up the process , because they feed on bacteria in the urine.If this stuff does n't work for you , at least it will only take 24-48 hours to find out ... compare that with 2 weeks for N.M.We now use it to clean all other stains in the carpet -LRB- food , drinks -RRB- , because it is safe for animals -LRB- unlike Resolve -RRB- . Ever since we plugged in a Feliway , the cat stopped marking altogether .
 Product works very well in eliminating the odors from cat urine . Easy to use and has a pleasant smell , which does evaporate reasonably quickly .
 This stuff works as soon as you poor it . No perfume cover-up . I mean really neutralizes the ammonia odor in a well saturated and sun cooked carpet . Saved a cat from being homeless .
 This is a very reasonably priced product and it works as advertised . The smell is a little strong , but it goes away after a while .
 The hardest part of using this was figuring out where to put it as I lost the owners manual to my clippers . I found a link online with instructions that I used and the grease worked as expected . This tube is very large compared to the one that came with the clippers and will probably last for the rest of my life or the rest of the life of the clippers which ever is first .
 Do n't be fooled by the picture . This is the black tube currently used . I tried to find this at the local supply shop but they only carry the oils . I guess even they want you to buy new clippers instead of prolonging the life.I bought this for Wahl lithium trimmer so I could clean properly . Works like a charm .
 What a clever idea !! No mess , no sippage to clean between cracks and joints , no spills , no cleanups ! Superb product . The inside lining is a bit flimsy though and it needs to be just a bit larger in size .
 No pet stores near me sell this product / Was greatful for the price and speed at whcih this arrived at my home . Much more effective then driving to a different town to spend more if not the same money . Greatful !
 These deep liners are usable for only one type of box
 When I first got the top entry cat box I was sure I did n't need these liners . And the truth is that for the first year or so I did n't even use the liner at all . I 'd just take the box outside and rinse it out every once and a while and it was fine . Over time though I started cutting my own liners for the box out of regular trash bags . This works pretty well , but the problem is that the bottom of regular trash bags is n't designed for a large square box like this so the litter ends up getting trapped in the wrinkles in the bottom of the bag . Still , it 's a cheap solution.Lately I 've tried these liners . I 'm finding that one liner can last a couple months before needing to be changed . I use a clumping litter -LRB- World 's Best -RRB- and when I 'm ready to clean the box I just tip the box to one side , then tip it back and all the litter is nicely clumped so I can scoop out . The liner is holding up well so I 've decided the additional expense is worth it . I 'll end up getting a box of liners once a year or so probably .
 I got these bags for my clevercat top opening cat box . They fit the box exactly as desired . The bags work great . The only catch is that the cats front claws tend to poke holes in the bag if I do n't trim them often enough .
 Who would have thought to come up with a TOP entry litter box ? GENIUS ! And the JUMBO liner bags are flawless . My cat is a scratcher and is always very persistant about tearing his litter bag to shreds . His claws are no competition for these DURABLE and NO NON-SENSE bags . I buy them by the bulk because I fear they will go out of stock -LRB- i hope not but ya never know -RRB- !!!! I give these TWO products ... Two thumbs up ! FIVE stars and all that jazz . Not to mention my maltipoo can NOT get into the litter box to eat the cats poo -LRB- my initial purpose for buying -RRB- . ENJOY!AD
 Clevercat Jumbo Liners really fits the Clevercat litter box ! When I first got the Clevercat litter box , I cheaped out and used a standard HD garbage bag as a liner . I fought with an oversize , floppy bag as a liner for over a month . With the proper liner , the daily scoop is much easier and faster . More of the litter is available for cat-business since it is not hidden under folds of the wrong-sized liner bag . Wish I had gotten this liner from the beginning . What about cat nails ? Kitty has not shredded this plastic or punctured it .
 you need these bags . They are strong . I just wish they had a drawstring top . The cat does n't care , but I do : - -RRB-
 liners are OK . Do n't quite stretch to top of box when litter is placed in them . But otherwise more or less OK .
 We have three cats who used to share a jumbo litter box using Johnny Cat liners and Tidy Cats non-clumping litter . I used to change the litter in that box about every 3-4 days . I was a big fan of Johnny Cat liners because they were much thicker and longer lasting than other brands . When I first opened the box of Clevercat liners I immediately thought , `` this wo n't work . '' They are much thinner than the Johnny Cat liners . It was a real concern ; we have a cat we nicknamed `` velcro '' because her razor sharp claws stick to everything . I was pretty concerned about these thinner liners because sometimes she would destroy the Johnny Cat liners to the point where I could n't lift them out of the box without spilling litter on the floor . Nevertheless , I figured I may as well use the box of Clevercat liners before trying to find something else.It 's now been a few weeks . I 'm ordering the first replacement box of Clevercat liners . It seems that the design of the Clevercat box keeps the cats from tearing up the liner the way that they used to . Curiously , somehow the litter lasts longer in this new box too . Our three cats have gone as long as five days without requiring new litter -LRB- although it was a little stinky . -RRB- As far as price goes , the lowest price I 've ever found Johnny Cat liners for is $ 2.50 on sale at the local store . That 's a box of five liners , each liner costing $ 0.50 . At this time the cheapest I can find the Clevercat liners is $ 6.49 . With ten liners in the box , it works out to $ 0.65 per liner . If these came down to the $ 0.50 range I think we would all stop complaining about how much they cost . They do use more material than Johnny Cat , but they do n't have a drawstring either so it should work out.Regardless of the debate over price , the liners work as advertised . I have n't had to clean the litter box due to torn liners and leakage inside the box or on the floor . That 's a big plus for me . The only other thing I wish they had is `` flaps '' to help tying the bag up easier .
 These are excellent liners for the Clevercat litter box . They are a bit thinner than they were when the litter box first came out , so I usually double up on them and throw the top one out when litter needs to be changed .
 I 've been using the Clevercat boxes and liners for several years , and it 's the best system I 've found . I think some of the other reviewers have missed the point . The fact that these liners exactly fit the box is why they work so well . Using a garbage bag would leave extra plastic flapping around , which is the last thing you want -- it will get shredded . The liners need the weight of litter to keep them in place against the sides of the box and fill out the corners , which is why you need the litter a couple of inches deep . You also need to secure the top of the liner on each of plastic protrusions on the outside corners of the box by shaping and pulling the liner around each protrusion so it wo n't get pulled inside the box . Then you need to burp the liner by lifting it with your finger in the middle of one side to let the extra air out while smoothing it with your hands . It helps to have two sets of hands for this , but is not necessary . You should just have enough liner over the top of the box to cover the corner protrusions by about 3/4 '' . But too much and the liner will not fill out the inside corners in the bottom.I use two liners to eliminate any chance of a leak and I only change litter every 40 days -- I use Litter Pearls litter which is made of silica . I also trim my cats ' nails every two weeks . I had some liner tearing in the beginning but by following the above steps I stopped it . I have two cats and two boxes . I only give the liners four stars because including a tie would be nice .
 I ca n't find these in the stores any more so it was great to find them online . We love this kitty litter box , but we needed more liners
 These are great liners . They are a little pricey for what you get but I only use 1 a month and it is worth it . Fitment is pretty right on or a tad tight . You have to make sure you get all the air pockets out when you place it inside the box . I like to attack the bag to all three corners then add litter and finally attach the last corner . My cat does n't really claw the liner so I do n't have that problem . When I am scooping I grab the liner with the scoop but the liner does n't rip . It is pretty thick and strong .
 There is nothing special about these bags . they 're not very durable , actually they 're kind of flimsy but I have the box so I need the bags . I 've tried using generic garbage bags but they just dont fit as well ... cats do n't like that . I 'm too busy to go out into the world and track these down everytime so thank you Amazon for delivering these to me at work so that my co-workers can think I 'm buying really cool stuff , cause I 'm not . If you do n't have the box , get it . It is a vast improvement over the conventional litter box . Less debris . You could make one easy but , do you really want to ?
 They are almost the right size , but I feel like if they were a little bit bigger they would never slide down the side of the pan . The lid keeps it in place , but sometimes it stretches a little too much and then it rips and gets pretty messy . I have n't found a better one for the Clevercat top entry litter pan , though .
 These liners are specific for the top entry litter box from Clevercat . They work well with the box -LRB- which is great for our cats as an additional box in our spare bathroom - for when they do n't want to go into the garage during the cold months of the year -RRB- .
 I tried using a trash bag to line my litter box and it did n't fit well at all . I was really glad I ordered these liners because they fit the top entry box perfectly .
 My cat is especially long so I have a huge Clever Cat litter box . I 've tried other `` jumbo '' brands of liners because a particular store was out of the Clever Cat liners and they -LRB- the other brands -RRB- were AWFUL ! These , however , ROCK ! I do n't have to double line at all . -LRB- My cat has all of his claws and he claws through other litter brands , but NOT the Clever cat brand !!!
 The litter box is a superb design . Helps keep litter in . One of our cats likes to scratch the sides of the box when covering waste with litter , and he does tear up the liner , but in general it is tough and works well . It fits the box perfectly .
 My cat is declawed so I do not have a problem with her ripping the plastic . I would purchase again .
 We have a top entry litter box with lid . These liners fit perfectly . I wish they did n't have folds on the inside bottom that trap litter , but that may be a manufacturing limitation . Maybe they could make the folds on the outside ?
 These go with the Clevercat litter box , of which the dimensions do not allow for regular trashbags to work as a liner . These were delivered quickly , so not having them available locally is n't a problem , now that I found them on Amazon .
 Works well with the CleverCat litterbox . Have n't found other products with the same dimensions . Would like to see the thickness increased so the corners wear as well as the rest of the liner .
 We recently aquired a shelter cat and were dismayed at the strong odors eminating from the litter box . We purchased the Clevercat System from Amazon and could n't be happier . The Liners are so easy to use , they are very strong and stand up well to the scratching , the litter box is also excellent , Miss Whiskers has to jump up and in and has a private toilet , when she jumps out all the litter is left on the top of the box and not carried onto the floor . The disposal system is pure genius , we never have to come in contact with the droppings , just bag it all up and deposit in the garbage . We strongly recommend The entire system .
 I know this sounds like a major overstatement however this stuff literaly saved my dogs digestive system . He was having a horrible bout with hemoragic diarrhea this was because the acid was eating the sides of his stomach creating bloody and foul smelling diarrhea -LRB- as if it does n't smell ! -RRB- This stuff contains a mixture of clay that begins to react with the stomach lining mucus and thickens it enough to allow the stomach to begin healing . This size syringe is for large dogs like mine -LRB- German Shepherd -RRB- and foals . It is rather large and I think contains about 5 days worth of two a day doses . This is a great product and I now keep one on hand for those emergencies that GSD 's call a digestive system . Good luck !!! FOLLOW UP !!!
 Great product to have on hand if you live with dogs!Clears up loose stool . Grateful to have a box of it on hand .
 Diarsanyl is a great product if your pet has acute intentinal attack . The only problem was it took so long for the vendor to deliver it that I had to get some from the vet at 3 times the price . Probably good to keep on hand .
 I got this on the recommendation of my Vet . It is the best product I have ever used to help with doggie diarrhea . I always keep some extra around , just in case I need it .
 My vet prescribed this for my dog when he had diarrhea , it works very well and is MUCH cheaper on Amazon . I keep some on hand . One dog does n't like to take it , the other eats it out of my hand .
 I thought this could be a darrhoea-stopper . It is not , by itself , butit helps a lot together with Zoolac .
 The medicine I ordered for my cat is exactly what the cat needed . Additionally , the size of the container is much larger than what was available by the vet , allowing us more convenience to have meds on hand . Also , because of the reduced price through Amazon , I was able to purchase 2 containers . Thank you so much for this opportunity ! Yvonne
 It took a while for the birds to figure this feeder out but once they did they love it-it is hysterical watching the squirrels trying to get to it-they now get what is on the ground . More birds than ever-less critters in my peaceable kingdom . Droll Yankees YCPT360
 I have purchased three of the tipper feeders . It works very well but has to be hung with at least two feet from anything a squirrel and climb on , otherwise , the squirrels will jump on it and knock seeds to the ground . Also , the feeder has to be hung high enough so the squirrel can not reach it by jumping from the ground . It also works well with a dome also by Droll Yankee . The first one I purchased is still functioning 20 years later .
 This is the first feeder I have found that is truly squirrel proof . It holds a lot of seed and is well constructed . Very happy with my purchase .
 This is for sure a squirrel proof bird feeder . When we first put it up , we had a kick watching the squirrels trying to stay on . They are and were created on different methods to stay on , but they failed . Now they just pick up the scraps the birds drop on the ground . If you are looking for a bird feeder , this is the one to get .
 Finally I have ended my ongoing dilemma of trying to keep the squirrels off feeders . They can not get anything from feeder but still can get the seeds that fall underneath .
 This is my second Droll Yankee feeder and both are truly squirrel-proof . I would highly recommend this product if you have any issues with squirrels at your feeders .
 The feeder arrived very quickly which was really nice
 I love the feeder ~ it holds a lot of seed and the squirrels can not eat from it ~ ~ but the birds are not that crazy about it.I put black sunflower seeds in it and they just pick at it and then really mob the one that is not squirrel proof ! Maybe it just takes more time to get use to it . Anyone have comments or advice ?
 We love feeding the birds that come into our yard and have several feeders around but hated the fact we had to fill the feeders every single day . This feeder is a pleasure because the birds love it and we love it more simply because it holds enough seed to last several days . Because of that , we have just ordered a second one . Happy bird watching !!!!!
 Just as advertised . Large enough to host a whole flock of mixed species and lots of seed . Minimizes spillage with its bottom platform . And it 's great fun to watch the squirrels tip over and plummet to the lawn .
 Great feeder -- tips the squirrels right off ! Multiple birds can use at once , including cardinals . Food comes out neatly and it holds 5 lbs of seed . The squirrels got tipped once and are not about to venture on to it again , though they try to figure it out . The squirrels are not happy but the birds are ecstatic -- they now have plenty of food and do n't need to worry about being chased off by squirrels .
 Does anyone know if the Blue Jays will not be able to feed on this feeder ??
 Well . I have n't tried all the `` squirrel-proof '' feeders , and this one wo n't qualify , but it makes the little buggers work for their calories . It 's the cleanest feeder with a seed tray I 've ever used . In fact this feeder is overall easy to clean and easy to fill . My only complaint -LRB- and this is tongue in cheek -RRB- is that my pesky raccoon with his ` coon IQ of 180 managed to unscrew the washer that holds the tray on . The birds did n't like the absence of the tray , but they adapted , hanging on the ports to feed . The raccon went hungry . My kind of feeder.Outwitting Squirrels
 The birds love this product and the squirrels do n't , that 's exactly what we were looking for . We get many hours of enjoyment watching birds eat and squirrels be baffled .
 I have one of these and it is wonderful . This one was purchased for my 82 year old mother-in-law for a gift . I know she will love it . She has very aggressive squirrels and I know they will have met their match with this feeder !!
 This is a great bird feeder . We have had many others and this one is so much better . We enjoy the birds year round as they feed . Very affordable at Amazon .
 I did n't buy mine on Amazon , but I have owned one of these for 10-12 years.This feeder has been knocked down by bears , attacked by squirrels , and raccoons.I do take it in , in the evening , because bears could damage it , but have n't yet.Sometimes I forget to take it in . If it lands on the ground they roll it around to get the seeds out . I have hummer feeders that the bears have tried to eat.The bears will be hibernating soon I hope . I live in the Colorado mountains.Squirrels can not feed from this . They have tried everything and they leave hungry.With all the attacks this has had , it is still in great condition.This is a perfect example of you get what you pay for.Resists squirrels and is extremely tough .
 Our previous bird feeder , despite cones and shields on the pole , always had 5 to 8 squirrels -- crowding out the birds . Now we enjoy birds only -- all squirrels have left ! Also , the large capacity means I only fill it every 3 to 4 days . I plan to buys another one for a different part of the yard . The only drawback is the price -- a lot to pay for a bird feeder .
 This device works as designed . It is very entertaining to watch the squirrels try to figure out a way to get to the seed -LRB- they can , but only a few seeds at a time -RRB- . It works so well that my wife feels sorry for the squirrels and fills a squirrel feeder so they wo n't starve during the winter .
 I think that this feeder is one of the best for keeping squirrels out of the bird seed . I do have a couple of squirrels who have mastered the art of hanging on with their teeth and claws for a few minutes to eat out of the holes , but still find it to be the best so far . Most of the squirrels are content to eat any seed dropped on the ground underneath the feeder . I do have one PROBLEM , however and that is that the tray has come off several times and is now completely gone.I have tried to find a replacement part online so that the birds will have a place to perch and can not . I do n't think that this should be so difficult to find . This product started loosing the tray no matter how tightly I attached it a two months of use .
 The birds do n't like it as much as my `` Yankee flipper '' but it is well made and the birds probably will get used to it .
 After purchasing some cheap bird feeders at my local home improvement warehouse , the squirels robbed my seed daily , and I could see bird seed money just being wasted . I took them back , and ordered the Droll Yankee , Tipper from Amazon . GREAT INVESTMENT , the Squirels tried for two weeks , but finally gave up ! SO the extra investment in this feeder is worth it , will save you money , in the long run from wasted / stolen bird seed . Keep seed DRY ! . Sturdy construction , large capacity . FIVE OUT OF FIVE STARs ! A must buy for any backyard . My only tip , is make sure you put it up on a high pole or wood pole , and keep it far enough away from the poll , so the squirels do n't reach over and grab it and pull it over . I had to do a slight mod to my poll to keep the feeder out far enough . Other than that . WORTH EVERY PENNY !
 I purchased several different bird feeders at the same time from Amazon . This is my favorite feeder . I rated it only 4 stars because the screw on the bottom falls off and the platform base keeps falling off . Already lost original screw . The birds seem to really like it -LRB- main objective -RRB- . Wish the top was n't flat because it gets bird poop all over it . All in all , very pleased .
 I got this feeder yesterday afternoon and hung it up . First thing this morning , 3 squirrels came to investigate . First , one of them had to shimmy down the straightened coat hanger wire I use to hang feeders . That sort of wire is hard for them to get a good grip on . He finally slid down and onto the top of the feeder . He checked it out to see if he could open it and gave up on that idea.The tube is too long for a squirrel to hang onto the lid and still reach the seed ports , so this squirrel let go of the lid and fell to the tray ... which promptly flipped him right to the ground with a thud . Scared the bejeebers out of the other squirrels and gave me a great morning laugh!There was only one more try after that , and then all three gave it up.I also have a feeder that has the metal tube that slides down to shut off access to the feed ports . It works well , but it does n't hold much , and I have to refill it twice a day . This feeder holds plenty of seed.So far , there have only been a couple birds eating at the new feeder since yesterday , but once the word spreads , more will come . The birds always take a few days to a week to get used to a new feeder.A side note
 this is a great bird feeder for all types of birds , and the squirrels can not get to it . the bottom flips them right off - well , something like that . the company shipped it out faster than requested and customer service is great . highly recommend .
 We have two cats and my husband is slightly allergic . I wipe both cats down with this product once a week and he is essentially allergy free . If I forget and they go more than about 10 days then my husband starts to complain of allergies . In addition to the cats ' once a week wipedown , I keep the couches rolled off and the floors swept but the key has been using this product consistently .
 I 'm mildly allergic to my new cat Pounce so I decided to give this product a whirl in addition to weekly dusting and vaccuuming , and it works great ! After application and drying , I can put my nose right up to him and sniff away without any nose itching or running . You do have to apply every week or so for best results , but i stretch it out by lightly moistening my towel with water before fully moistening the towel with the Dander Reducer Serum for application . Plus this product is only half the price of AllerPet C , what 's not to love?Another tip for those with * SHORT-HAIRED * animals
 For some reason they stopped selling this product in stores so I was super happy to find this product here . Thanks !
 I have used this dander reducing serum for almst 13 years now with over half a dozen cats with no ill effects . I had a moderate to severe cat allergy when I started using this , and it has allowed me to be around my cats without suffering . I do also regularly brush my cats , use an OTC allergy pill , and have a vacuum with a HEPA filter , but I think the shampoo really helps . I also stretch it out by wetting a washcloth with warm water before adding the serum . I have had friends over with cat allergies who are n't regularly exposed , and they 're fine being around my cats . My cat allergy is now only mild , but I still use the shampoo , just a little less often than I did before . I brush or comb my cats out when they 're done before I let them go , and they always smell so nice after they 've been done . It does an excellent job at reducing dander and pulling off some of the loose hair .
 I ordered this because I was going through the pre-moistened wipes very quickly . This product does work well for allergy symptom reduction , but the wipes are MUCH more convenient for a busy mom .
 Having three cats , my wife and I have searched for a good stain removal product for years . Because we have a cat that is elderly , and has issues with his bowels and occasionally vomiting , we have some challenging stain and odor issues . We have tried a number of products on the market with very mixed results . And , nothing we have tried comes close to working as well as this product does.The product has actually lifted stains from our carpet that carpet cleaners have told us were irremovable . In addition , it works very well with stains and is extremely easy to use . Pretty much just spray and forget . -LRB- It also works really well for human stains , too . A friend of our daughters was over recently and vomited on the carpet several times ... it took the stain out without a hitch . -RRB- We have had the product for 8 months , and I wanted to try it really well before I wrote a review and can say we are both thrilled with the product . I can say with certainty that this is the best product we have ever found and I am out to buy more !
 It 's important to thoroughly soak the area in order to remove the odor to avoid a repeat performance and occasionally you may have to repeat the process , but when the area is completely dry , the odor will definitely be gone . This product also works extremely well on stains -- all stains . I 've been able to remove old set in stains on carpet and clothes and always take a small amount with me in a tiny travel bottle to remove any stains from clothes from food or drink spills . I 've also found that by adding it to my washing machine along with detergent , my laundry comes out virtually stain free .
 I have a cat that likes to go potty on my furniture when I 'm gone longer than he thinks I should be . I bought a wet vac and with water and vinager , I was able to get most of the pee out of my couches . I kept smelling the pee smell though . I bought the UV light and the Simple Solutions Cat Stain and Odor Remover . The stains were old , but the remover erased the awful smell ! GREAT PRODUCT ! Also important , the spray does n't have a strong smell itself , either .
 My beloved Betty started peeing on my bed , on electronic equipment , on rugs ... everywhere ! It was horrible , as you can imagine . I used this product and it completely took the smell out , which is essential if you do n't want your cat to think it 's okay to pee in these inappropriate places . I also found it removes stains of ALL kinds . I love this product . P.S. , if your cat is peeing where it should n't , try taking the lid off of the litter box - the smell inside the box repels cats and that 's why they -LRB- or at least Betty -RRB- choose to pee elsewhere .
 We have a cat who developed a terrible pee-pee problem , and she went on the wood floor in a room and , for the life of me , I could n't get the smell out . I tried about every product out there with no luck . Even ripped out insulation under the floorboards , etc. . But finally , I tried this product and it really truly worked . I also used it on a throw rug she has used , and it got out the smell and so far -LRB- fingers crossed -RRB- she has n't gone back to that rug . I could almost weep with relief over finally finding something that is giving me my house back .
 I really love this stuff as it is the only product I have found that really cleans up cat stains and urine smells . I did n't know that the company had changed and the product went from OUT ! to Simple Solutions until I ordered it from Amazon . I could n't find it in the stores anymore and maybe this is why , I was looking for the wrong stuff.Also Amazon packaged the product extremely well , something I am always concerned about when purchasing a liquid through the mail . The price was great and shipping free . It is a great product I would recommend anyone .
 The smell in my chair is gone . The cats have not retuned to use it as their liter box !
 I have tried just about all cat odor removers including vinegar and this works the best . It has not only neutralizing enzymes but bacteria as well to help eliminate the odors . It takes about 2 days to work completely.Dr Foster-Smiths has an odor remover with similar chemicals but this one is much cheaper and is more effective .
 I needed this product cuz I took too long to get my kitty fixed , so he sprayed in a few places . The bottle explains how much of the product you 're gon na need . No smell after using product .
 I bought this product to remove an odor from an area where my cat had peed . The first time , I do n't think I saturated the area enough at it did n't work . It did work the second time -LRB- after using A LOT -RRB- , but it left behind it 's own odor . It definitely has a fragrant scent , but not one I 'm fond of . Had to cover it up with regular carpet cleaner afterward .
 I have been searching for and used a number of cleaners with mixed results in the past years until I used this Simple Solution cleaner . My cat had IBD , although she was cured with help ofHipet Feline 3 in 1 Formula - All Natural Mushroom Multi-functional Beta Glucan Supplement for Cats , my place just do n't smell well after what went through ... actually it smells pretty bad and I was about to either hire some professionals or move out at the time . But this product helped , it was the best cleaner out of the bunch that I 've tried.It lifted some stains spots out from my carpet that all other cleaners was failed to , It also take care of the order that was there . I had to change out the sofa , but areas where I can clean with this cleaner have given me amazing results , even certain stains from throwing up from my cats although was n't completely cleaned , the odor was lifted out . I 'm really glad I give it a try.What I like the most about this product is that it does not have a harsh chemical smell that hurts my nose after cleaning like most other I tried cleaner on the market does.On some tough spots , like areas where my cat had throw up , I did sprinkled some baking soda and vinegar soak for 3min , press paper towel on top to try , and immediately cleaned with this cleaner again . Results came out like magic , although the stain was n't completely removed , the odor was gone!Only thing I wish is that the trigger for the pump can be longer and have a longer throw , to spray out more with less pull .
 This product works well in keeping my cat from urinating on the same spot on the carpet . I am getting hardwood floors , so I am anxious to see how it works on them , since it needs to be left and not wiped up .
 Works great to remove all types of stains and odors . Someone spilled cappuccino in my car and unfortunately I did n't realize it until several days later . By this time the smell was awful , it smelled liked something had died in there ! But I just saturated the spot with simple solutions and it completely removed the bad smell leaving behind a very nice almost vanilla like scent .
 Before I realized that my cat had a urinary tract infection , it was too late . She had backed up into my silk curtains to relieve herself . These are n't just any silk curtains , they are felt lined and weighted ... very expensive . In addition , she had soiled two of my oriental carpets . I bought simple solutions cat stain and odor remover , and it worked like a charm ! I saturated the affected area of my carpet , waited a few minutes and then blotted with a clean towel . I repeated this process until I was satisfied that the urine was removed , then left it to dry . For my curtains , I rinsed the urine out of the bottom of the curtain with water , then saturated with the solution . I was nervous because these are suppose to be dry clean only , but obviously they had already gotten wet ! The solution did not discolor either the carpet or curtains . They both dried and look fine , with no visible urine stain . I can put my nose right into the area that was soiled and all I smell is the clean , fresh scent of the solution . It is great stuff ... I bought a gallon so I always have it on hand .
 I tried the baking soda/vinegar/etc . solution 2 times and found it only relieved the smell temporarily . Once everything dries , the smell returns.This seemed to be the cheapest product that consistently got good reviews . I had two odor areas to address - one in a carpeted room with padding below the carpet , the other , a rug on a wood floor.I applied once , by spraying the surface of the areas liberally and working it in with a rubber glove . The smell was replaced by the smell of the enzyme , which is neutral and unoffensive smell -LRB- it goes away with time -RRB- . After allowing it to dry for 48 hours , I still found the area to have traces of odor , so I reapplied , but this time by pouring rather than spraying , then working in with a glove again . . This was the solution , as it was important to fully saturate the padding below the carpet . In the case of the wood floor below the rug I rolled the rug up and sprayed the wood below the rug thoroughly.By the next day , the smell was completely gone ! I 've had a few people come and smell just to make sure I was n't growing accustomed to it . So , all in all , I did use the whole bottle to kill 2 stains , but I consider that to be well worth it ! I would definitely buy this again if the need arose .
 I have used this solution with great success on hairball cleanup and spots where my aging kitty has decided to poo . However , for a cat urine issue in my storage room that was not found until a week or two later the results were not as successful.Regarding the cat urine issue , I did end up buying a black -LRB- UV -RRB- light to aid me in finding the spots , and I treated the affected areas ; however , the end result has been a room that smells like a combination of Simple Solution and cat urine . Part of the problem could be the humidity level being somewhat higher this time of year along with the fact that the room is not well ventilated . Either way , now I associate the Simple Solution scent with cat urine in my mind.In summary , I believe this solution is good from `` fresh spills '' , but I will need to try something else for the cat urine problem.Update 5/10/2010
 Nothing is worse than finding cat pee in your house . I have a beloved cat who made this a habit for a while after I moved to a new place . We used this quite a bit , but also tried homemade remedy 's with peroxide , vinegar , and soda . Both worked to rid of the smell . I think it would have been enough if the cat was not feeling threatened somehow in this new place . He could still smell it and would re-soil . We finally refinished the floor and re-sealed the tiles after repeated washing with this product and the homemade remedy and the cat is no longer peeing in the house . Of all of the products out there this one is the best I have purchased . It does have its own smell , but I do not feel it is just a cover up smell , like some others . I feel for anyone in this situation and I would recommend trying this product .
 The product seems to work pretty well . It smells good and takes the urine smell out . If the location where there was urine is very concentrated , it may take several applications to get the smell out . But overall , I 've been satisfied with this product .
 We 'd tried a number of sprays and liquids , but none were able to get the smell of cat urine out of my leather couch . This , however , worked like a charm , and its own smell faded completely after just a couple days . Great stuff !
 I rarely leave feedback ... but will when a product does exactly what it claims and this one definitely does !
 Hate to admit it , but my cat is getting way up there in age , and decided that the litter box was a little too inconvenient to use , and used the corner of the living room to do the number 1 . Well , I cleaned that up , but a few days later , she decided to use the bedroom closet to leave another liquid gift . That cat now lives outside.LITERALLY hours of soaking , scrubbing , chemicals , the `` vinegar and baking soda '' trick later , the stain seemed to be gone , but a day or two later , THAT ODOR would return . More scrubbing , soaking , etc , and that would cure the problem for two days or so , but THAT ODOR would return again . I was ready to literally cut out areas of carpet.I found Simple Solution recommended on another web site , so I came to Amazon , and ordered some . Used it in the living room , ONCE , -LRB- thoroughly soaking the problem area , down to the pad -- that 's important -RRB- and let it dry by itself ... . no blotting . It 's been three weeks and there is NO ODOR left , even with the nose to the carpet method . It 's been one week for the bedroom closet , and I mean NO SMELL is left behind , other than a slight , slight , perfume smell from the Simple Solution . I have since vacuumed and steam cleaned the areas , hoping that the agitation would n't `` wake up '' the cat odors . They did n't , and I could n't be more happier.The only thing I changed , was that I emptied a bottle of the Scrubbing Bubbles battery operated spray bottles , rinsed it out , and put the Simple Solution in it , so I would n't have to squeeze the spray trigger two thousand times to saturate the soiled area .
 Not a bad smell , either . Kind of a ` powder ' smell . This is better than thier ` oxy ' product .
 cat peed in 5 corners of my new house within a month or so of moving in , despite cat door to garage and garage door being 1ft up . bought a 150 $ carpet steamer and some other urine away type products . the steamer got most of the pee but i had to even replace the padding in those spots . went through three other products before this one and none worked . finally i found this and the smell is totally gone . do not expect it to work like magic , it still requires alot of prep work . the cat got ran over the day after the smell was finally gone , karma is a bitch aint it . my other two kitties doin great and still no smell now two months later
 This product works very well . I bought sprays from the store and they were too expensive and do not work good . This product cleans and deodorize great . This is the second time I bought this spray
 My wife has been using this for years and is very pleased with it . Removes odors and stains effectively . We plan to buy this again in the future .
 Simple Solution works . Our resident stray got in two years ago and sprayed in the corner by the tv cabinet . Jack has continually pee 'd there during two years of building works , the old carpet going down , the cement dug out and relaid and a new carpet going down ... . we were desperate . I bought this product for hard floors and sprayed the skirting , the new laminate and drenched the wooden tv cabinet . Once dried , we waited ... . problem solved . We put a litter tray by the side of the cabinet just in case but he doesnt even use that now , just gone back to his original tray in another room . BLISS ! Great stuff , easy to use - spray and let dry - nice smell and lots of it . will last ages .
 This product does exactly what it says it does . The fragrance is pleasant & works better than Oust and other prodcut like .
 Best on the market . I purchased the gallon size and use it for everything . Your pet odors WILL be eliminated .
 This works great on throw-up stains . Thank goodness I have n't had to use it for stains coming from the other end of my cat . However , given how well it works on new AND old vomit stains , I 'm sure it would work for that as well . You do have to SOAK the spot per the directions , thus needing to buy gallon size now that I know it works . Follow the directions and you will be amazed !
 I do n't know why Amazon labels this VetRx for Cats because it is the same VetRx that I 've been using on my poultry for years . Go ahead and buy it even if it is for another type of animal .
 If you read the product itself , VetRx is the same for all the animals . Just different box . AND instructional insert in box is for the animal on the box ie . dogs vs chicken . I got the `` dog '' one for my chickens because it was the cheapest one at the time of purchase . Just look up and print out the instructions for the chickens online.UPDATEFeb 2013used it for red itchy legs on my hens - cured right upused a drop or 2 a day in the water used to make feed mash for 3 hens - seemed to reduce sneezes in the winter.wipe it on the scales of the legs on chickens after `` spa '' day . - just my experience - not medical advice
 These pet wipes work surprisingly well . Over a year ago we adopted a puppy who appears to be a labradoodle . Due to my allergies and asthma we wanted a poodle mix . Well it was n't long before I realized I was breathing better away from home than at home , so clearly I 'm still at least somewhat allergic to this dog . We 'd heard of Allerpet but could n't find it in stores . We tried the Simple Solutions wipes and it 's amazing . My pet allergies are fine for a week or two and then they 'll gradually start to be problematic but if we wipe her down again , I 'm fine . I did n't believe such a miracle wipe really existed until I tried it myself . Try it , I think they 're even guaranteed . You do n't have much to lose and you have so much to gain !
 We rescued a black lab recently and she seems to have a high amount of dander , much worse than our yellow lab had or our mixed breed . Since I do not want to have to give her a bath every week I decided to try this serum . I have used it a couple times and it seems to have reduced the dander quite a lot . She now only has a few flakes instead of being covered all over her back . I switched to using a soft brush to brush the serum into her hair instead of the recommended cloth because I wanted to really get it down close to the skin.Her coat is very soft and shiny after a few treatments of the product and she is not itchy so it is not drying out her skin as some products do.I am very excited that this is working to reduce the dander that I am allergic to.I also ordered an allergen spray for the house that neutralizes the dander in carpet and rugs . That product seems to be helping my allergies as well .
 I wish I could find these balls again . I have one broken one left and I heard they are n't making them anymore . My poor pug . It was shipped to quickly to me , packed really well .
 My cats love this treat ball . One of my cats suffers from separation anxiety and the cat behaviorist I hired suggested this ball and it worked wonders . My cats love rolling it across the floor to get the treats out and it gives them a focus other than `` Mom '' not being home . I 've had them -LRB- yes I have 2 treatballs -RRB- for a few months now and the recording is no longer working but they still love using them anyway .
 This treat ball is great!When the cats play with the ball they does what it say!Wow !!!
 I bought a new recliner and my cat use to scratch on the side of the old one . I started by taping foil on the side and now I spray the item once a week , without the foil . Have not noticed anything but I ca n't watch him all night . This item does smell good though .
 I gotGrannick 's Bitter Applespray at the same time as the Four Paws Bitter Lime spray . I do n't know exactly what is in the Bitter Apple spray , but the Bitter Lime spray contains Bitrex , a trade name for denatonium benzoate . If you Google this compound , you 'll find that it is the most bitter substance known to man . It is commonly used to keep kids and pets from consuming such poisons as antifreeze , windshield washer fluid , denatured alcohol , and the like . The state of Oregon requires it to be used in poisonous products as of 1995 . It 's also a key component in anti-chewing nail polishes.Denatonium benzoate is so bitter that humans can detect it in concentrations as low as 0.05 PPM -LRB- parts per million -RRB- . At a concentration of just 10 PPM , it is unbearably bitter to humans . Concentrations used for preventing ingestion are typically in the 10 - 40 PPM range . That 's equivalent to just 2.5 to 10 milligrams of denatonium benzoate per 8 oz bottle of spray . I have no idea what concentration the Bitter Lime spray uses -LRB- Four Paws Bitter Lime gelclaims its Bitrex content is 0.0025 % , or 25 PPM -RRB- , but it does taste very , very nasty -LRB- I did n't taste it intentionally ! -RRB- . The Bitter Lime spray uses isopropyl alcohol and water as its primary ingredients . This is very useful , since it dries quickly , thereby preventing `` Mr. Lick 'n' Chew '' from attempting to rub it off on the carpet or on his bedding . The spray does n't seem to bother him when I apply it , something I was worried about due to the alcohol content , but he sure hates the taste of the stuff
 I originally got the bitter apple spray to cover wires and keep my ferrets from chewing the cables . However , it did n't seem to deter the , from chewing at all . I have only used the product for a few days so I cant attest to the longevity of the spray but so far they hate it . They have gone up the sprayed wires to sniff but shake their head when they touch them . Does the trick so far !
 I have a german shepard mix puppy who love to tear up my indoor rugs . She loves nothing better than to grab the kitchen and door rugs and drag them through her dog door out to the back yard , shredding them and leaving them in the sprinkler . I bought this spray and coated the rugs with it . At first the smell was pretty strong for the human 's to handle but it faded within an hour or two . It 's been over 3 months with regular vacuuming -LRB- no washing -RRB- and the puppy has n't touched a single rug . I could n't be happier !
 My basset finds it entertaining to chew on anything and everything . I just bought new leather shag area rugs , and these have become his new chew toys . As soon as I got this bottle , I tested it on one of the loose leather strands . It did not change the color , so I sprayed the entire rug . He tried chewing on it , but did n't like the bitter flavor . He has left them alone since . The only thing I do not like about the spray is it burns my lungs when I spray it .
 This band spray worked with my small dog . It smells ok when applied to items around the home , such as pillows . Once sprayed , the pup would n't go near the items . Worked for my dog .
 I have a 7 month old shiba inu and a 11 week old shiba inu . I have only one room with carpet and they love it ! They chew it , pull it , tug it , it has been a constant battle . I researched spray for those times I am not in the room to stop them and THIS IS THE STUFF !! I give them their warning no , and give them one of their hunderd toys to chew on , when that feels me I pick them up say No and spray -LRB- I keep them away from the initial spray to protect their eyes -RRB- I would say 3 or less sprays and they stay away from that area effortlessly ! I was actually shocked at how well this repelled their carpet massacre ! Highly recommend !
 I purchased this to keep my bunny from chewing ... everything ! Seems to be working well so far!I realize it is for puppies but it has the same ingredients in bitter apple for small animals but received better reviews ... because she hates it so much she wo n't be ingesting any of it !!!
 The costume is well made and fit my 70 pound dog . The only negative comment is that I thought the Batman logo would be on the back of the cape like the Superman costume I bought last year , but it was not . Other than that , it is a great costume and worth the money .
 This was great - even as a L , it fit our 70lb dog just fine . He gladly wore it for about 3hrs and he usually is n't a clothes dog .
 Bought this costume for my 70lb Pit and it fit him perfectly ! I think he loved it too because he was prancing around the house as soon as I put it on him -LRB- and he actually let me put on some glasses for the final look -RRB- . The only down side is that I would wish the Batman Logo was somewhere on the cape . Did n't need to put on the bat ears since his ears are perfectly cropped and they look like bat ears already.Overall great quality costume .
 LOOKED GREAT ON MY PIT BULL . SHE WAS THE LIFE OF THE PARTY . I WAS BAT WOMAN SO WE MATCHED . EVERYTHING FIT WELL AND I WOULD RECOMEND THIS PRODUCT .
 Last year my 80lb American Staffordshire Terrier was a fire chief . This year he 's gon na be Batman . He looks great in the costume , which came just as pictured . He hates the bat ears piece , but his ears do that naturally , anyway , which is why he 's Batman ... Anyway , the price was right , and the costume 's fun . The materials used are the same ones you find Batman costumes for children made out of ... some synthetic fabric.I loved the fire chief outfit , because it doubles as a rain coat ... alas , this one does n't . Still , it 's cool .
 This is an effective product to use to get rid of cat hairballs . My cat readily eats it off our fingers . The price is reasonable . We have been using it for a number of years .
 Good product for the price . Excellent size to use in nano reef tanks . I 'm very pleased with how I 'm able to use this product in my tank .
 I also use these syringes for my cat . I 've use them for measured medicine and I 've used them to give her food . I 've read in many places that 1cc and 1ml are the same measurement . . and the veterinarian comfirms that both are the same . These syringes are sold at an excellent price from KV Pet , and you can buy as many or as few as you want . When I buy them , I buy 100 , so they ship to me in the factory sealed box . KV Pet always ships them quick and the shipping charge is very reasonable . Each syringe is in it 's own protective hard case that keeps it clean . It 's handy to be able to set them down or put them in a drawer without worrying about contaminants . My husband sometimes uses them in his shop for small amounts of glue . They are always very uniform , and I 've never had one that leaked or anything like that . I will continue to buy these syringes from this seller and I will recommend the syringes and KV Pet to other people .
 I use these when painting miniatures . They allow for very precise mixing of acrylic paints .
 I like to think of myself as an avid DIY-er and i bought these to apply small amounts of glue and paint around the house and it works perfect on broken pottery and other delicate items to be fixed . Very rarely do i have one of these clog on me while working with them , Thanks for the great product and even better prices !
 With 6 cats , I use these syringes to administer a wide variety of medications . Could n't live without them , but my vet charges too much for them . This is a great price , and they arrived quickly .
 i found this product to be well-constructed and sturdy , easy to set up and use , and best of all it was definitely the best price of any i searched for online . the rubber stoppers prevent any mars or scratches to my doorframe , and keep it in place against the nudgings of my small dog as well as my friend 's 2 year old daughter when she visits . the actual mesh is coated with pretty heavy duty plastic so it wont snap or break , but also wont snag or cut anyone/thing like plain wire might . and the whole piece is so lightweight i can easily maneuver it with one hand . definitely give it a shot .
 We got this for our pet rabbit , who gets a whole room to himself . I was skeptical when the fully-assembled gate first arrived because it was light and seemed flimsy , plus the packaging was literally plastic wrapped around the gate , with a paper insert . But once we got the gate into place in a doorway -LRB- following the paper 's exact instructions -RRB- , we were surprised by how secure it was . Seriously , we ourselves -LRB- 2 able-bodied adults -RRB- could n't yank it out of the doorway unless we tried really hard.Some random stuff that may be good to know : The gate is high enough to keep bunnies from escaping , but is still low enough for us to step over to go into his room . The wood seems to be untreated , which is great for potential gnawers . The wire is coated with white plastic -LRB- ? -RRB- and has n't rusted at all , after almost a year of use . The rectangular holes between the wires measure 1x2 inches , and our bunny has n't gotten anything stuck so far . Once you figure out which notch to use , getting the gate secured and unsecured is easy enough to do with one hand.Overall , I think this was a really good investment , and I 'm glad we bought this gate .
 We bought this to keep our 9 week old kitten in the master bedroom with us at night , and it worked for a day or so . Until the kitten figured out he could climb it . So I made some cardboard panels -LRB- out of the Amazon box the gate came in ! -RRB- to cover up the wire mesh . That worked for about a night . Until the kitten figured out he could jump up , hang off the top of the gate with his paws , and pull himself over ! We did n't think he could jump to the height of the `` extra tall '' gate . Oops . Lousy smart Siamese kittens!However these issues are no fault of the gate . Consider that a kitten is like a toddler with fangs who can climb your curtains at will . This gate would probably be good for a human toddler who does n't have those features . It 's decent for the price , as we were looking to just try * something * and did n't want to spend a lot of money . The only thing I do n't like about it is that it 's a little difficult to expand -- like the two sides do n't really want to pull apart . That 's the only reason I gave it a four .
 When I received the gate it came with a split rail . A nail split the wood and the split adversly affected the integrity of the gate . I contacted the company and they eagerly sent me another gate with free return shipping for the defective gate . The gate works very well and is of the quality I expected from a gate of this type . The plastic clip that locks the expansion device in place is difficult to release and requires extra effort to manipulate . I do recommend this product ; it is a good value for the money & the company stood behind their product .
 I am pleased with this gate and for the price paid through Amazon . I got it for keeping my dogs in certain areas of the house . If you have a high jumpers , they still may be able to clear the jump . The wire mesh allows open visibility for interaction . The pressure mounting is easy to use . The release knob on my gate is difficult to operate .
 Had given away all our child gates and then wound up getting a pup . Works fine for our dog . Wood is unfinished , might not be best for a toddler . Good for the price .
 One of my cats has victoriously found a way to jump over any other gate I have purchased -- until now . SO happy . It 's a very sturdy piece and easy to manipulate . Highly recommend .
 This pet gate is what I expected and works very well for our two cocker spaniels . I do wish that the plastic fastener on the adjustment bar was made of metal like they are on our other pat gates but so far it is working fine and we would purchase another one if needed .
 Fast delivery , excellent pricing and good quality child/pet gate . I will recommend this vendor to my friends .
 This gate works fine and and most adults can step right over it . It 's not fancy and probably has a shorter life expectancy than do the metal equivalents , but at it 's price , I consider it a very good value . The only suggestion I have is to mark the appropriate slots for the restraining arm with something MUCH darker than a pencil .
 I bought this gate to hold back two aggressive dogs . I did the job , it 's strong and holds in place . I gave this 4 out of 5 stars because it was difficult to open and close the gate when you need to get through it . If you plan to block off an area that you do n't need to go through often , this is a great gate .
 I own house rabbits so I found the wire mesh to be more suitable for keeping smaller pets enclosed . What I found with this gate is that a child or dog could easily push this out of a doorway . The locking system is a little tough to get an exact fit in a warped doorway in an older home . I like the sturdiness of the wood and wire . Rabbits chew plastic so the wire makes this ideal for ferrets , rabbits or guinea pigs .
 This is a great little gate -LRB- for the price -RRB- to keep out small dogs . It suits my purpose of keeping the dogs out of the kitchen . They are more afraid of the noise of the gate more than the gate itself . I do n't know if it would be safe for a young child . I know my 2-year old great granddaughter could possibly push it over or try to climb it!GMI Guardmaster II Standard Wire Mesh
 I am a wildlife rehabilitator and these syringes are perfect to feed small animals . The tip is smooth and you can measure quantities very effectively .
 This was exactly what i needed . However , I agree with a previous review . There needs to be a better description of that you are getting . I bought this thinking it was a pack of 100 from the comment mentioned earlier . When my package came it was rather small . It contained 1 syringe . Very disappointing when you are expecting 100 .
 My mini-dachsi ca n't eat these . I wish I had known before I ordered them . They are too high in protein % and the wrapping agrees that they should not be fed to small dogs -LRB- under 20 lbs -RRB- . My neighbor 's golden retriever , however , loves them .
 This stuff is great for my dogs fur - maintains a healhy glow like when she was a puppy - thanks
 Have used this product for years . Ca n't get the larger size in stores . Our dogs do n't itch and it is easy to use buy putting it on their dinner
 We started using Linatone years ago when our dog suffered allergies in the humid gulf coast climate . It helped with the allergies and has kept our dog 's coat looking thick and healthy . She 's almost 15 years old and still looks fine , albeit greyer .
 Ten years ago I adopted a stray black Lab/mix which showed up at my door . He was between eight and ten months old . He did n't look neglected but his skin and coat were dry . I had used Linatone Plus in the past so I bought it again . His fur now looks like silk and his skin is no longer dry . I have recommended this to friends who have had fantastic results with their dogs too . Would n't be without it . Great product !
 I have used this product for many years with several dogs . I highly recommend it for beautiful coats , finicky eaters and over all general health.I purchase thru Amazon for the best price .
 I have used this product before on another dog years ago that had skin problems and it worked very well then . When my dog now started to have skin issues I thought I would try it again . It has already helped with his dry skin , and dog odor . I will order it again and continue to use it .
 GREAT PRODUCT , I have been using this product for some time and it truly helps my dogs stay healthy ! I highly recommend this item .
 I happen to own a dog who is very prone to allergy problems . He can not tolerate most additives , but I was able to add Linatone Plus to his diet without a problem . Linatone has dramatically reduced the incidence of dandruff and/or flakey skin caused by allergies . This is so simple to use ! I highly recommend it .
 Scratching has dropped 75 % -80 % since we started using the product . Product seems to enhance the flavor of the dry doog food it is added to as well .
 great for pets with allergies . easily broken into smaller pieces , so if you 're like me and have dogs of different sizes , everybody gets a size they can handle.dogs love these . i love them too . no stink , no stain .
 My dogs love these Pet-Tabs Plus . While they think it is a treat , I know it is for the good of them to take it .
 This product healed my 12 yr old female Sheltie mix of a calcium phosphorus deficiency so bad that she was in constant pain , unable to get up or down steps and screamed or moaned when she had to move around . We thought she needed to be put down . Within 3 weeks of taking one tablet 2 times daily -LRB- our vet gave us the answer after a blood test -RRB- , she came back to her normal running around happy self and has stayed that way as we now give her a maintenance dose of 1/2 a tab once a day . Check with a vet if your dog limps , cries in pain on movement or even has seizures occasionally . Even our dog 's seizures -LRB- attributed to aging -RRB- have stopped .
 Wonderful end to bath time . Conditioner rinses clean and leaves coat shiny and smooth . My dog has allergies and tends to have course fur , and this conditioner makes her coat soft . Smells really great , and the affects of the conditioner are long lasting . Keeps coat shiny and smooth for 2-3 weeks !
 This is a great product , and has greatly reduced the stomach upset in our 8 cats - but they need to have a picture of the actual product on here - that says 200 grams/7 oz. , instead of the 1 lb bottle they 're showing ! I thought I had ordered a 1 lb bottle of it , based on the picture !
 Bought this at the suggestion of Ward at Sojourner Farms , as an enzyme to increase food absorption . As a bonus , it has solved one of the dogs caprophagia that he 's had since birth -LRB- 7 years -RRB- - at least 75 % of the time , which is more than I 've been able to achieve with any other remedy I 've tried . Very nice product , requires just a small amount of powder with each meal .
 I have a bad problem vet always want 's to med her , No I do n't agree , but when I but some thing to try to help her skin allergy 's , Big problem she some how know 's even if she is in another room , if I put any thing in her water or food , some how even thow I mix it in good she wo n't eat or drink . I ' , so tired of her scratching digging her self up , scabs all over neck , hair gone from butt , and tail is n't fluffy any more , it just tear 's me up to see her do this to her self , no Flea 's she stay 's in the house , and I have given her bath 's ! Yes I said Bath 's she does n't mind to much since a kitten I have given her a monthly bath , because I have allergy 's also , and she loves to sleep with me on pillow beside me . I also have another cat in the house , she has no problems what so ever , she sleeps at the foot of the bed on her Blanket . She also has her Bath 's another story even thow I did also start her with baths when she was a kitten the whole time while I am given her her bath she complains , gripes , and talks her mess to me , after bath , takes a while before she will speak to me again , but the skin allergy 's hurts me to see her hurt , She is 11yr old , the other cat is her aunt at age 6 , both totally different , please any help would be very proud to hear about !
 WHAT MORE CAN I SAY THE DOG LOVES THESE THINGS WHEN I GIVE HER SOME OTHER TREAT -LRB- ASIDE FROM PEOPLE FOOD SUCH AS STEAK AND WHAT HAVE YOU -RRB- SEE BEGS TILL I GIVE HER A CINNA BONE . MY ONLY COMPLAINT IS THERE KIND OF EXPENSIVE .
 I saw results the first time I gave this to my 14 pound Chihuahua/Pom mix !!! My dog needs to loose 4 pounds rightaway . I tried everything diet food , cutting her portions down and removing reward treats . Well , none of that worked because my dog became depressed and her behavior worsened . She would sleep at her food bowl and cry through the night for a month . I loss sleep over this so I gave in . She is not a diabetic and all blood work test seem normal . Folks , I even tried a pet psychic !!! The weight is causing her joints to buckle and breathings sometimes looks difficult . I acquired this dog thru a rescue shelter 18 months ago so there are issues that are unknown to me about her past regarding food . She is a beautiful , loving dog deserving of much more than her current condition . I want so much to give her a better life . Our Vet recommended probiotics via yogurt . I did some research on probiotics for dogs and found Prozyme just by chance and decided to give it a try . WOW ! I tried it the day I got the package . Followed the directions and POOF !!! My dog for the first time since I got her was n't in the kitchen at night howling for more food and she slept through the night . She no longer begs or cries for food . I see that she is dropping weight after only a week . No farting either . She 's much calmer and is bright eyed and does n't look deprived or starving at all ! She enjoys her food now without gulping it down . She also appears stronger in her legs maybe because she is absorbing the nutrition better . Thank you for making a product that helps chubby dogs loose weight !!! Yay !
 This stuff really helped with my dogs gas -LRB- farts -RRB- One of my pooches had got where she was pooting all the time . . well not NO MORE . This stuff works really good for that plus it also helps them absorb all the nutrient out of all the expensive dog food i buy them . No sense in spending alot for good dog food if their bodies are n't absorbing it well
 I 've been giving Prozyme to my 11 yr old Yorkie for several months . Believe it or not , his breath is better and he does n't have the bad body odor anymore .
 Excellent product . I 've been using Prozyme for a while when I found it here . My Vet recomended it and I 've been very satified with it .
 I was skeptical of this product , but took a chance . After a little over two months using Prozyme , I can really tell a difference in my 2-year-old lab mix . Less flatulence , less eating of poop , less skin itching , etc. . Really - I never thought his food allergies might be caused by a lack of digestive enzymes , but now I 'm convinced .
 This is a great price for this amount of Prozyme . Best price I could find .
 I have been using this product for years for my cats . It 's a powder and they ca n't taste it when applied to their canned food . It keeps them healthy and helps to properly digest all of the nutrients in their food . I highly recommend it for any pets .
 This product helps you dog with digestion.It allows the dog to use more food and digest more food rather than eliminate it and get very little nutrition . This maximizes their intake .
 Very good product , been using it since 1-06 on the recommendation of Golden breeder , increases digestion and no gas problems . I have been told that it also helps control certain diseases .
 Using a mere 1/4 teaspoon of Prozyme in your dog 's diet daily helps to ensure they are getting all the enzymes they need . I have three large dogs that rarely have any type of digestive problems since using Prozyme and their coats are blooming with health . Prozyme and Zinpro are two supplements I never want to be without for my dogs .
 I have a doby who had to live outside for four years . As a result , she lost her hair and was not in the best of health . We adopted her and research showed an enzyme product , good quality food , and patience would help her recover . Prozyme and Nutro Large Breed Adult took about 2-3 months but she looks like a different dog ! Such a small easy way to turn a dog around by letting the good nutrients be absorbed by just sprinkling some Prozyme on their food each time you feed them . The price from this company is excellent , service outstanding , and delivered to my home . Now I have my White German Shepherd and a Golden mix on Prozyme and will continue to do what has worked so well . If it had n't been for the great price , I would not have been able to do this for all three of my dogs . Thank you times three !
 My vet recommends it for my dogs irritable stomach . It seems to do work or at least reduce her episodes of serious heartburn .
 I love this product !! It works well for reducing flatulance odor from your dog . My boxer would be living outside if not for this . It 's powered form makes it easy to mix in their food , very easy to measure and seems to enhance the flavor of the dogs food . It 's easy to order . I recommend this product to anyone suffering from their dog 's flatulance .
 I bought this after adopting our newest dog ; his stool was very loose and difficult to pick up . It did n't take a long time for the product to work . I 'll keep purchasing this .
 I have been buying this product for years now , in my case it is meant for rabbits . It works very well to prevent blockages in the intestines
 When I first adopted a dog with a very sensitive digestive system , due to several parasitic infections that took quite a while to clear up , I read about Prozyme and hoped it might help her . It certainly seems to . Along the way , we adopted 2 more dogs , one of which has digestive issues . They have been with us for 13 years now . Of course , there are others things that we do for them
 We have been using this product for several years on our small breed dogs . It seems to do a great job keeping their coats healthy and their skin from getting dry .
 I have a Shepherd/Labrador mix who will be 15 years old in May 2009 . In his prime , he weighed 72 lbs . At his most recent vet check in October 2008 he had dropped to 51 lbs . He had also picked up three habits he had never displayed in his entire life - begging at the table , rooting through the trash and eating his own feces.The vet explained that although his senior bloodwork was normal , his body was not processing the nutrients in his food so he was looking for sustenance . To put it bluntly - he was starving himself to death . My vet recommended Prozyme.After almost two months on Prozyme , Galahad has gained three pounds . He does n't hover at the table or nose through the trash and he does n't scour the yard for his own droppings . His appetite for regular food has even improved.I would definitely recommend Prozyme .
 A friend of ours told us to start giving our dogs Prozyme because we had exhausted all alternatives for my Lilly 's ear allergies . We had been to the Vet too many times to count and so I was willing to try anything ! We have been very pleased with our purchase . We give it to all four of our beloved dogs now ! In the month that I have given her prozyme , she has had only one ear outbreak and that was the first week . Compared to the four or more times it used to happen every week its a miracle :-RRB- Someone told me the allergies could be from the way her body digests the food and Prozyme helps with the digestive process . I would reccomend it to everyone .
 Prozyme was recommended to me by a friend . I have two French Bulldogs that sometimes have digestive issues and this really helped them . They just seem to have less gas when I add this to their food . What I really liked about Prozyme over other similar products is that you do not need to keep it refrigerated . I had another brand that was costly and lost the entire bottle because I forgot to put it back in the fridge after using it . I do n't have to worry about that with Prozyme.Buying it off this site was definitely cheaper . My local pet store wanted twice the price for the same size . Only downside was that the shipping took quite a while . It took them 4 days just to process the order and then they shipped it .
 My carolina dog / shepherd mix has a problem common to a lot of shepherds . . she has pancreatic enzyme insufficiency . She just turned a year old , and was supposed to be about 55 pounds . My dog was only 40 . Her medication was really expensive and because she did n't feel well , she would n't eat anything . . including her meds . I tried the most expensive dog foods , a human food diet , dog food for picky eaters , oils to make food more tasty , hand feeding , and NOTHING made her want to eat . I tried this product as a last effort to bring her weight up and it worked instantly . It almost smells like a powdered milk and I would sprinkle it on her food and mix in some sweet potatoes -LRB- her favorite food when she is feeling well -RRB- and she cleaned her bowl for the first time in 6 months . In the 3 weeks that I have been using this product she has gained 8.5 pounds . Because she is eating again and putting on weight , her temperament has improved as well . This product is like a god send , I was at the point of tears every day because my dog was so painfully skinny and unhappy , her coat was falling out , and she hated her medication . Now shes happy , gaining more weight every day , and cleaning her bowl about three times a day . Can not say enough good things about this product .
 When my vet suggested the $ 150 porcine pancreatic enzymes to help my GSD 's low normal pancreatic enzyme levels , I decided to do a little research . Poor doggie had runny stools , and one night actually got me up over 10 times -LRB- I lost count at 10 -RRB- to go outside . God bless him for waking me up and not going in the house ! But he must have been so very uncomfortable . Prozyme had good reviews , and was the least expensive , so I decided to try it first . It cleared up the problem , and now my sweet little rescue boy is digesting his food properly and getting the nutrition he needs . He was also very skinny when I adopted him from the Westside German Shepherd Rescue group , and he 's now put on a few pounds , and looks terrific . GSDs -LRB- German Shepherd Dogs -RRB- in particular suffer from pancreatic insufficiency , so this is a shout out to all you Shepherd lovers - at least try this first . When my dog 's happy , I 'm happy ! One note
 I bought this product hoping it would help resolve my dog 's itchy skin issue . I read other reviews online that said after using this product , their pet 's skin would improve . This did n't resolve the itchy skin , but her problem has not yet been positively diagnosed . I have 2 dogs and I HAVE seen a marked decrease in the size of their poop which means they definitely are absorbing more of the nutrients from their food and simply not excreting it . So in all I think it is a good product and would buy it again .
 I have used Prozyme for my 10-year old Doberman Pinscher for the entire time we have owned her and I HIGHLY RECOMMEND it . I believe this to be an excellent product . Once during the years , we ran out for awhile and I decided not to replace it to see if it had any effect . Within a couple of weeks , Mia 's coat became dull and her energy declined . Not to mention , her gas increased ! Needless to say , I have continued use and will always do so . I also believe it is a necessity for breeds of dogs prone to bloat , as it not only helps the food keep its nutrients , but I think it somehow provides the necessary enzymes in the stomach which are necessary to keep it from `` bloating '' . I have read that giving water mixed with food also can dilute these good enzymes , and can also lead to bloat . So use your Prozyme and do n't give your dog human food ! He or she will live much longer ! By the way , you would never guess Mia is 10-she runs like crazy and plays like a puppy . She has only a tiny bit of gray in her muzzle and she is slim and healthy . I wonder it it is also good for horses , because many show horses have ulcers and stomach problems . I might try it with mine !
 From the very first , over 15 years ago , I have used this product when feeding my pedigreed showcats . It boosts the available protein content of any food you feed , and as obligate carnivores cats can only benefit from its use .
 My dog started getting bloody stools from time to time at age 9 . After visits to the vet and prescriptions to solve the `` potential '' causes -LRB- whipworm or giardia -RRB- , I read about pancreatitis which fit his symptoms exactly . I started on Prozyme and his problem has never returned in 2 years . I just sprinkle l/4 tsp . over his two meals each day . I even give it to my other dog who has no digestive problems , just as a preventive measure .
 I use this for my dog who has digestive issues and who has trouble keeping weight on . It really helps her . I would definitely recommend this product .
 This is great - ordered another one because this one is too short -LRB- length wise -RRB- for my dog , but otherwise is fantastic .
 I have an 11 month old German Shepherd who loves to pull . I was a little worried about using this , as I thought it would n't be able to handle his strength . Boy was I wrong . This leash is perfect , and as a plus , it stops him from getting tangled up -LRB- with his regular leashes , this was always a problem -RRB- . This is a great leash for a great price !
 I love retractable leashes for my dogs when walking them and this is a high quality product . I definitely think that the leash is a better way to go than the corded . I have both and this one is better for my larger dog . With Amazon providing these types of products at discount , you ca n't beat the price for the quality ! Plus shipping is fast .
 This item is a great value for the price . If you are n't picky about the color you receive -LRB- I received blue -RRB- , this leash is the one to buy . My 60 lb . husky has poor leash manners and this leash is holding up great !
 This exact leash was $ 30 at every pet store in my area . My ten year old pitt bull has had the same flexi leash for 6 years , but on our last trip to the park , it finally began to show it 's age . When we went to the pet shop to get a new one , I was shocked to find out just how much they 've gone up in price . I was a bit cynical about ordering one online , but the price was too tempting to pass up . Thank goodness I took that chance ! The handle is comfortable , the leash is sleek , and retracts flawlessly . It was red as opposed to the black shown in the picture , but that color worked better with her collar anyway . I 've had it for 2 weeks and it 's still going strong , and we walk everyday .
 Have not used it for long , so ca n't say anything with regards to how long it will last , but what a bargain at sixteen bucks with free shipping ! Feels as sturdy and heavyweight as the one we have had for a five or six years that needs replacing because the retraction mechanism has gotten too slow though the leash is otherwise intact -LRB- used between two large -LRB- dining table height -RRB- dogs that do n't have great leash manners -RRB- . The large size , at least , is a tape leash the entire length , not a bit of tape leash with string wound up inside the retractable part .
 The leash works smoothly and is sturdy enough for my 70 pound lab . Other leashes have raveled but so far so good with this one .
 Beware , that you might not get the color , in picture -LRB- currently , it is red -RRB- . . anyway , as you can see none is indicated . I had gotten a hardness -LRB- red -RRB- to go with the product . Imagine my surprised when I got blue . Anyway , two phone calls to Amazon and I had gotten two day shipping and the difference for the hardness to go with , I decided to kept the blue leash but I am returning the red hardness -LRB- getting a refund as well -RRB- , they are picking it up by UPS , courteously fulfilled by Amazon . Hopefully , Amazon will fix this issue soon with either having the color choices displayed or just simply stating -- `` you will get any color we choose to give you , that 's currently available '' . Anyway , I gave it 4 stars for the headache but 5 stars on the product itself and 5 stars on customer service ; in relation to the second phone call .
 Great product , lightweight , yet sturdy . Was worried that 16 feet might be too short but realized that I have more control than with 25 feet . Well made .
 Gives a cool lighting effect but what I really like is the intense amount of bubbles it puts out . -- Does take up a little tank space but in a 55 gal tank it 's no problem for me . Aeration is important for oxygen content and fish health . So far this product has the others beat . Also , does not need a seperate pump so for the price and quality I rate this 5 stars and highly recommend !
 I am using this diaper for our German Shepherd while she is in heat . Overall it works great - I was afraid she would keep trying to get it off , but she is tolerating it well -LRB- even in the 90 degree heat today ! -RRB- . My only criticism is that the length of the velcro strip on the tabs is small - the extra on the other side -LRB- top side -RRB- of the diaper will slip out and gap a little bit . And the disposable pads that are made for this diaper are horrible , they are very small and the adhesive is not sticky enough - they shift around and I had quite a mess to deal with the first day . I ended up using Always pads with wings , which fit great and do n't shift around .
 We have 2 yorkies and to say they are picky is an understatement.They will on occasion eat the jerky treats , but only if they havenot had them in a long time . Then they fail to eat it all , just chew it for a while.They wo n't eat soft dog food -LRB- and really , it does not look veryappealing to me either -RRB- . The will munch on dry dog food now and then , however , they eatbaby food most of the time . When they are not eating people food.This product is a hit with them . We bought it originality at the price club . When we saw how well they liked it we went back to get more.They informed us that what was left was it , and the PC was no longer going to carry it.My hubby bought the 11 bags . At that point it was a search onthe net to find where we could buy it.I have not checked all the pet stores , which I will be doing.This product must taste very good for my dogs to continue to eatit and at this point , they know the bag ! ******* ****** ****** Here we are in july of ' 10 . This is still one of three things our yorkies will eat . They eat baby food and my husband BBq 's chicken or ground meat on weekends for them when we grill.I keep dry kibble down for them and give them a vitamin . I try anyway.This bag is known by sight . If it is up on the counter , they jump to get it . I ca n't tell you have many things we have tried over the years.Yes . I do know they are spoiled . But seem healthy now at 10 . There seems to be slight change in texture . These feel dry , as tho you are at then end of the bag . The dogs seemed to notice at first , but they still love them.If you have one really picky eater , this is a great choice . This would also be a good training tool .
 I have tried just about all the types of dog treats -LRB- meat -RRB- that you can get and my dog will eat none of them -LRB- you know , the funky smelling , fake jerkey and the fancy twisted things etc. etc. -RRB- . She loves this duck jerky though -LRB- and I am very tempted to try it myself ! LoL -RRB- . Good stuff if you also have a finicky pooch .
 My dog lived for his chicken breast jerky treats until he was put on a strict duck and potato diet due to an inflamed bowel and food allergies . The vet had me giving him some hypoallergenic dog biscuits to replace the chicken jerky , and my dog was having none of it . -LRB- He has never been interested in biscuits . -RRB- I found these CADET DUCK BREAST treats -LRB- which are dried meat like the chicken jerky -RRB- , and with my vet 's approval I started giving them to my dog . He loves them ! No more sad/disgusted dog face at t-r-e-a-t time ! In fact , my vet was thrilled to hear about this product and said he would recommend them to his `` duck diet '' patients in the future.CADET DUCK BREAST makes for a happier restricted-diet dog which makes for a happier me .
 Loves it , great deal !! My shih tzu has small sensitive teeth and its hard finding him things that are not artifical tasting and that he wont get a tooth ache trying to bite through !!
 My dog loves these things . Yes they 're made in China , but sometimes carried by Costco , which I trust . When Costco does n't carry them , I order them through Amazon . Literally the best part of my Dog 's day .
 I have two small dogs and ever since they were introduced to these treats , they have become snobs to other treats . They absolutely love them ! I 've been giving them to my dogs for almost 2 years now and they have n't gotten tired of them , like other treats in the past . I cut the strips in half so I can give them a couple pieces a day and not worry they are getting too much for their size . Definitely a tail wagger treat !!!
 I do n't know what I 'll do if Amazon runs out this product , my Ginger will never speak to me again . I 'll keep on ordering this as long as Amazon has it . . After each meal my Ginger goes to her treaty box and wait for her ducky jerky , which she and our big white cat Spanky shares . She got him hooked on it too . Great price , buy several and save on shipping is the best way to go ! Thanks for being there , Amazon !!
 I have a peekapoo and a minpin chihuahua and they go wild for these duck treats . Love that they are of high quality . They both stand next to the pantry in the morning and will not leave me alone until I give them a treat . It 's great to see how much they enjoy them .
 I had an issue with this product , after a note to the supplier it was corrected in less than a day . I recommend this store 100 %
 Our dog loves these treats and our vet suggested them over many other well known dog treats Great Product
 These are totally natural , and my dog loves them ! I like this brand the best because the duck is not dried out like most brands , so it does n't get caught in the dogs throat . Have n't met a dog yet that does n't love these . Highly recommend .
 Our Golden Retriever has had digestive issues since birth . This product seems to sit well with him . He really enjoys them ! We 've also whistle trained him -LRB- and the other dogs in the neighborhood as well -RRB- by using pieces of these treats as rewards .
 These are absolutely wonderful treats . I take them to the dog park , cut up and in my pocket , for my little boy and I feel like the pied piper as all of the dogs surround me ignoring other treats on offer .
 I agree that this stuff stinks - smells exactly like salmon . And since my dog loves anything that stinks , she loves it . I noticed flakey skin about 3 weeks ago and started giving her about half the recommended dose and dividing it between both meals . No more flakiness , and the bald spot from her last -LRB- only -RRB- hot spot is now growing back . She 's not itchy or flakey anymore . I 'll buy more , but am looking for a pump for easier dispensing .
 A very nice product . Have n't seen any results yet but hope to soon . It takes a while for this stuff to work
 My vet recommended adding Omega 3 fish oil supplement to my dog 's diet . After researching for like products regarding ingredients and price , I decided to order this one . I also like the &#34; pump &#34; feature which makes it very easy to dispense . I have used this product for several weeks now . My dog likes the taste over his dry food , so I plan to continue using this product for all the health features . I store it in the refrigerator and &#34; shake it &#34; before using based upon information gathered in my research .
 Just starting using this product about a month ago and my dog 's coat is noticeable softer . One the winter hit I could see his skin and coat were getting dry , but this oil really seems to help . I put a pump of oil into his 1/2 cup dry food twice a day . Yes , it does smell and my dog has fish breath for about an hour after he eats , but he seems to like it ! FYI , my 16oz bottle came with a pump .
 Our vet recommended salmon oil for our cat , we could not find any specifically advertised for cats so we bought this and our vet approved it . Unlike several others , our 16 ounce bottle came with a pump as advertised -LRB- November 2011 -RRB- . Our cat thinks it is OK , she does n't gobble it up like a dog might but she will eat her morning food with a coating of oil . She has been thriving the past year , her coat is shiny and I think the salmon oil helps for that . To us the oil is not unpleasantly smelly either . We will buy it again !
 This is totally worth it . My dogs that are labs stop shedding and my 13 yr old lab got his shine back .
 I gave up trying to feed fish oil pills to my dog.I bought this on a whim and this product will remain part of my dog 's diet!It smells deliciously salmony.My dog loves her kibbles with it.She had a terrible flaking problem for which we 've been buying medicated shampoos and torturing her with baths.This stuff really works!The oil improved her flaking significantly while all the shampoos hardly worked .
 I read the review of this product so I knew it was n't going to ship with a pump , which is the only reason I 'm subtracting a star from my rating . It 's a great price for fish oil . I had previously purchased a similar product from my vet for my cat 's dry , flaky skin for $ 27 . The pump actually got so clogged with the oil that it started leaking out the screw top and I ended up throwing it away because it really stunk . I bought a small glass jar with a dropper cap from my local health food store and put some of this in that to make it easy to dispense.A tip from my veterinarian
 I 've been using this for over a year . My golden has skin allergies and this stuff has relieved all of her symptoms . It starts working within a few days and she loves the taste ! Although I was disappointed because I did n't get what was pictured . I got 2 with a squirt top which is fine but it does n't say advanced 3 on it like the one in the picture ... the ingredients are practically the same though . I just hope it works the same , otherwise I 'll have an itchy dog again .
 i ordered this & a few other products on october 1st & i received my package on october 4th . i 've been battling fleas , dry skin & allergies on my bichon frise babies . i 've tried everything on the outside . now i 'm working it from the inside . damn these fleas . i 'm at my wits end . i feel so helpless . my babies are scratching & chewing their little bodies . if these things do n't work i do n't know what to do next . so hopefully the salmon oil , the brewers yeast , a medicated shampoo & frontline spray will work . i also bath them once a week . i oil their skin twice a day with hydrocortisone & tea tree oil . which does help keep their skin nice & i give them a benedryl at bedtime which helps them sleep through the night without scratching & chewing . i have my fingers crossed & i say my prayers for my 2 bichons . so if you are having the same problems i 'm having work it from the inside & outside of their bodies . i will update you in 30 days to let you know if my kids have had any relief . good luck to you & your battle against fleas & dry skin ...
 I love to take my Chihuahua with me on my days off . He is my lil ' companion ! He used to sit on the seat next to me , he could n't see anything and because the seat slopes back , it was only comfortable for him to lay down . I bought this Snoozer seat . I bought the medium because I wanted him to have the option of sitting or laying . This is the perfect size for that . He weighs 16.2 lbs , so he is a big Chihuahua ! This seat is sturdy , it is just the right height for seeing out and it stays put ! I love this seat , it was a worthy purchase !!!
 My puggle and cocker-jack jump right away into this cozy car seat/bed when I open the car door . The cocker-jack always stood with his front paws on the middle console so he could watch out the window . Much safer now - the bed is very high - he can see out even when laying down.The strap between the seat belt and dog is very limiting in movement . I rigged my own harness and strap to give more mobility.Beware ... the car seat/bed takes up 3/4 of the back seat of my Honda Civic.It 's very visable to everyone outside the car , especially when the dogs are in , but even empty.Washable - no problem fitting it back on the foam body after the dryer .
 This works great , but needs a better way to attach . We made our ow with a long stap and two clips that slip around the back of the seat and bed . Works much better
 I started my little rat terrier pup out in the console snoozer . Although he has somewhat outgrown it , we 've decided to keep that on in our H3 since he still loves it and can ride between husband and me . However , for our HHR , which does not have room between the seats for the console style , I decided on the Lookout II MEDIUM size . We will be driving across country , from Florida to Oregon with the puppy who is now almost 6 months old and 14.5 lbs . I wanted him to be able to stretch out so I considered the large size . The plan was to place it in the front bench seat of our moving truck . I also wanted it to be used for the HHR , but when I noticed that it only fits in the back seat , not front -LRB- bucket -RRB- seat , I looked more closely at the medium . Am I ever glad I did . This seat is larger than it looks . The dimensions are accurate , but I can never visualize things from dimensions . If you 're like me -LRB- visually/spacially challenged -RRB- then read on : This medium seat hangs over the sides slightly of the passenger bucket seat . The interior is about equal in size to the seat , but not quite as deep . In other words , if your dog fits fine on your front passenger seat without a car seat , he 'll fit just fine in this . It 's just not quite as deep inside as say from your knees to your back . It 's foam , so you can squish it it just fine . I closed the door and had to push a little to close it . The other side as I said hangs over the seat a little , but does n't interfere with the gear shift.My pup settled right it . . he can sit up or lie down . He just lies down and rests his chin on the rim and appears to be quite comfortable . It 's large enough for him to curl up completely inside too if he wants to . The drawer is great for keeping his collapsible water bowl , chew toys , treats and such to keep him occupied . So far , I 've only used it on short trips.I highly recommend this product.Pros
 This is so nice , my two dogs really like it too . Good quality , I think it will last a long time .
 This is the most awesome dog car seat ever ! I can put my 2 dogs in it and strap them in for security and off we go ! They love it cause they can look out the window and see everything , or lay down when they get sleepy , and I like because they are safe and secure . Would recommend this dog car seat !
 This is the second Snoozer car seat I 've purchased . This one as a gift for my sister and her dogs . Very easy to secure in car . My two dogs , a Jack Russell and Maltese are secure and safe while in the seat . Plus is more comfortable and safe for all of us while driving . They just curl up and sleep mostly but enables them to look out of window if they want .
 This is a great seat for my two poodles . Had a smaller one before and it was kind of tight for two . They love to go in the car and love this seat .
 Color is very good , so is size and quality . The drawer works fine as a place to store the leash .
 The seat is good . It was used and there was supposed to be some small markings or damage to the cover . I 've not found it . Unfortunately , I have a little terrier that has a great fear of the car . I was hoping this would help her . It has not . I continue working with her in the hopes she will get over her fears and enjoy the car seat and car rides . .
 Before I bought this car seat my 12lb pomeranian would ride in my lap or sit on the seat next to me in the car . He was always climbing on the door or on me so he could see out the window . Now he can sit in his car seat and be able to see everything . I think he feels much safer and secure too . I bought the medium size and it is plenty big enough for him to lay down with extra space around him . It is a bit bulky and takes up a lot of seat space but everyone is happier on car trips now ! The only negative thing about this product is the part that attaches to his harness and seat belt will come undone sometimes . I plan on replacing the snap hooks with something stronger .
 This is a great addition to our car trips and my dog loves it . He jumps right in once in the car and then sleeps . The harness keeps him tethered to the seat belt and he has enough room -LRB- 18 pounds -RRB- to sleep in many different directions .
 It is very easy to install and my dog loves it . I love it too . She loves to ride in the car and now she can relax and look out both windows with ease . I love knowing she will be safer if I have to stop fast or , heaven forbid , I 'm in an accident .
 We Love it !! We Love it !! We love it !! We love it !! words words words words words words words
 My dogs love this seat so I had to buy a second one so they each have one . Light and easy to install . My dogs use it as a travel bed too . Even my cats love to sleep in it when it is at home !
 Hershey loves his chair . He traveled all the way to Florida from Michigan and never got restless while riding . So glad I found this dog seat .
 This is perfect for our Boston Terrier ! He loves taking rides now and runs to the car waiting for one of us to get him all hooked up for a ride .
 We purchased the medium size Snoozer II . It fits perfectly in the front seat for long rides . The height is high enough that he sees everything going on while sitting . The seatbelt fits well over the back of it and it does n't seem to move any even with quick use of the brakes . I like that the cover is washable and I can store the seatbelt strap in the storage container . We leave it in the living room and he uses it as a bed during non-travel times .
 Snoozer Lookout II Pet Car Seat
 We already had a regular size Snoozer , but wanted one a little larger . . our Fur buddy can lay down with no problem . . He is 15 pound Peke ... Straps well into back seat with car seat belts ...
 I have the regular size and oversized for my 2 small -LRB- not tiny -RRB- dogs . These are great ! They are comfortable , sturdy and le my dogs look out the window and curl up and sleep on long drives . Get the versions with a drawer . It is worth the extra $ 10 . The drawer is long so it holds food , toys , leashes etc. . I thought they were expensive but when I set out to make my own it would have cost almost as much for the materials . These loo like they will last a long time One of them is a couple of years old and its cover has washed up a little fuzzy , but that is ok . The bed part of the foam was n't as cushiony so I added a piece of memory foam under the cover and it is as good as new.If your dogs are larger than `` toy '' size I would get the oversized regardless of how little they weigh . Your dog will aprreciate the roomier size ! Amazon had the best prices - even better than ebay !
 I purchased the Snoozer Oversized pet car seat for our Westie ... he loves to go for car rides . We had some long trips planned this summer and I did n't want him on my lap or my husbands the entire time . I ordered this car seat specifically because it will go either in the front or back seat , and allows Kramer to look out the window , which is his favorite thing to do while in the car ... all while being secure in the car . He loved it from the first short trip ... and usually sleeps most of the time . There is plenty of room for him to sit up or lay down and sleep . I would highly recommend this to anyone who travels with their dog .
 I bought this car seat in anticipation of making several long road trips this fall . I wanted something comfortable and safe for my dear dog Benny , a 3-year old miniature poodle.Hubby and I took Benny out for several one-hour trial runs over the past few weekends and Benny seems to love this seat . First of all , it boosts him up high enough so that he can comfortably look out the window -LRB- while still being safely tethered to the seat -RRB- . Second , having ordered the larger model , he can stretch out and sit or sleep without being cramped . And third , and most important , is that while wearing his comfortable , stretchy Puppia harness , we can tether him to the seat belt , which secures the car seat just like a child 's car seat . This gives Benny enough `` give '' to move from side to side in the seat , but in the event of slamming on the brakes , he 'll stay secured and not end up a hood ornament -LRB- hopefully lol -RRB- . Be warned - this model is BIG . I have it in the back seat -LRB- 2nd row -RRB- of my SUV and it takes up half the seat . Instead of room for 3 people , there 's now room for only 1 . No bother . He 's my only `` kid '' .
 I have two very wiggly and cranky dachshunds who love to ride on someone 's lap in the car . I have tried other containment products , and either my dogs could twist out of them , or they would whine and wail because they could n't be up front and look out the windows . They both love this Lookout car seat ! It 's plush and roomie -LRB- the medium is perfect for two mini-doxies -RRB- and they no longer have issues seeing outside in the backseat . It works perfectly with their Puppia vest harnesses , so I did n't have to force them in an uncomfortable custom harness . Most importantly , they are safer in the event of an accident . It 's a huge lift of my shoulders.The seat is very well made and comfortable for the dogs . Every car seat I 've priced at the petstore is so hard , I ca n't imagine a dog enjoying that ! I like that the cover is removable in case it gets dirty and the pull-out storage drawer is a great place to stuff their leashes so I am not looking for them when we get to our destination . The seat gives my dogs a great boost to see out the window , which is a huge bonus in keeping them from fussing . Installing it is a snap . You take the seatbelt in your car and run it across the raised back of the Lookout . It clipped right into place on the first try and has been snug . Even when my dogs first fought it , the seatbelt stayed fast . Removal is as easy as undoing the seatbelt and taking it out.Your dog may be able to jump from the Lookout onto the seat of your car though . The strap that connects the seatbelt to the dog 's harness adjusts to very short , but it slides back and forth along the seatbelt if you do n't safety pin it in place . I found that having two dogs clipped in at once using a leash coupler often prevents one of them from bailing . Worst case , if one jumps out they are still attached to the seatbelt by their coupler and harness in the event of an accident . I greatly recommend this product if you have a dog that normally travels on a lap . It 's the next best thing and you 'll have great peace of mind .
 This is my second purchase of this item and I have to say it is one of the best purchases I 've ever made !! We 've been using this seat in both of our cars for years and hands down the quality is excellent ! The height is just right for a car or SUV , the drawer is nice for stowing potty bags , baby wipes , extra leashes , etc - there is a lot of room in the drawer . This seat will sit two small dogs just fine . The design of the seat to allow for the car seat to be belted in with the seatbelt on the vehicle is fantastic ! It 's obvious that serious thought went into designing that safety feature . In those moments when you have to suddenly apply your brakes , the car seat WILL stay in place if your car seatbelt is used properly to secure it in place . If you do n't use your seatbelt it wo n't . It 's no different than fastening a child car seat . It 's just a matter of common sense to belt the product in . I have purchased dog seat belts from a local pet store to use with the car seat and it works perfectly to keep my dogs safe and secure . I highly recommend this care seat - it WONDERFUL !!!
 We had one for about 7 years and they hold up great , and we would take our dog everywhere and even when we got our second Cavalier King Charles they both used the same one , of course we have the large one.We recently went cross country so we did not have to put the dogs in cargo and got are 2nd one . The dogs had plenty of room , slept or looked out the window the whole way . If you like to travel with your dog this is a great product that is safe and compfy for your dogs . Even comes with a strap to keep them even safer . They are amazing !
 Tuffy , my Dachshund , loves car rides . He is a rescue that I got in November 2009 , so I try to do as many things as possible to make him happy in his new home . So every day he gets to go for a car ride to check the mail , go to the market or whatever.Before getting this seat Tuffy would love to sit on my lap . While that 's not illegal yet -LRB- the Governator vetoed a bunch of laws that the `` no dogs on laps '' law was appended , so it did not pass . -RRB- Anyway , I had my eye on the Lookout 2 seat for about a month . A couple days ago I took the plunge -LRB- Was about $ 125 with tax at a local pet store . Ouch -RRB- . Bonus Tip
 Bought for my 30 pound hound mix last summer for a 2,000 mile trip -- pricey but worth it . It is great . I 'm getting another one today -LRB- small -RRB- for my 16 pound terrier mix . Haul inside for night bedding . The little drawer is very handy for extra bags and treats . It was tight to get the cover off to wash but it did not shrink !
 Our 35lb Beagles loves to crawl up in his new couch , lay down , and watch the scenery go by . Couch seems to be built well and we love the hidden storage box at the bottom .
 This is a great booster seat for dogs ! I have one dog that would constantly try to jump in my lap while I was driving . Obviously very dangerous ! I thought it was because he liked to look out . So I got this and he now calmly sits in it and looks out the window . I like that it has a little drawer that I keep extra poop bags , leash , and extra treats if needed . It 's great because it also can be buckled into the back seat AND it has a buckle for the dog . It 's sturdy and it 's easy to wash . Great product ! Wish it was just a little bit bigger because now my other dog wants to be in there too and with two 30 pound dogs they can both sit in there but it 's a little squishy . Excellent for smaller dogs !!
 Not five minutes after getting the Snoozer II out of the box my chihuahua knew it was for him . Now he is sleeping comfortably with plenty of room to lay down . He is 12 lbs , bigger than the average chihuahua . I have n't used in my car yet . I noticed though that the strap to clip your dog in is n't attached to the seat , I think it goes through the seatbelt when you put it in .
 This is the best product I have ever bought for my dog . I HIGHLY recommend it . I have an 18lb mini schnauzer and she loves being in it because she can see everything and she has her own little space that keeps her safe . Do n't think twice about it , BUY IT , YOU WILL NOT REGRET IT !
 I love this car seat for my little dogs . They are small Matipoos -LRB- 6 3/4 lbs each -RRB- . They both fit comfortably in this seat and can see out . They love it .
 We have two Brussels Griffons who love to travel . The problem is that they do n't want to be in separate car seats , and they ca n't move if we put them both in other `` large '' seats . This is the only one we 've found that is actually big enought for two dogs to lie down comfortably.It 's a well-made product that is easy to move between cars . I 'd recommend it to anyone with multiple toy or miniature dogs -LRB- or one basset -RRB- .
 We have 6 small dogs ... this booster was purchased to hold 2 dogs . It works great and has a supply drawer to keep wipes/and or treats . The dogs love the view it affords them .
 I love this product . With the simple design and ease of use , it is a safe and convenient car seat for my dog ! When I travel on a road trip , it can double as a doggie bed in a hotel or friends home . It is the height of the window , so dogs can see out . Highly recommend it !
 This works so well for my little 3 1/2 # Maltese . She loves to lie in the soft seat even when we are not driving ! So cute . The small car seat is plenty large for her.I feel this seat keeps her safe and confined enough while having the freedom to move and look out the window . It was just what I was looking for .
 My dog lives it ! Both in the car and she sleeps in it every night . I bought a dog bed that she would never use but for some reason she took right to the car seat as a bed !
 This is the best purchase I have made for my puppies . And I am going to buy another one . It arrived quickly . It is made well . And the dogs immediatly like it . I have a 2nd home and make a long 9 hour drive about once a month . I feel so much better having something for them to ride in the car so they are not walking around panting getting car sick and distracting the driver not to mention saving my car from another deep detail . I put off buying this smart invention because I thought it was pricey . Turns out I dont know how I will ever do without one ! I use it for both the car -LRB- easy install -RRB- and the house as a bed . I will recommend this item to every animal lover I know .
 I love the car seat , very plush and well made , with nice drawer . But I had to send it back , it was too large for my car , I am going to order a smaller one , Note : Amazon made it very easy to return .
 This product is worth the money , for sure . My puppy had major car/motion sickness and using this Snoozer has reduced it to a minimum . It 's lightweight so easy to take from inside the house out to the car . The drawer below is large enough for toys , cleaning products and more . He sleeps in it , jumps in it and digs in it while at home . When we get into the car , he settles down and naps for rides.The only hang up I have is that underneath , on the bottom , it 's just a thin layer of foam to line the bottom . Something caught on the drawer , maybe glue , and when I opened the drawer the first time it tore the foam . I 'm going to have to cover the bottom with material to ensure it does n't get caught or tear again.I highly recommend this product as an easy bed and car seat !
 My puppy has been commuting with me to work since he was 3 1/2 months old and when he was a baby , he would get carsick about 30 minutes into the drive each way . I felt horrible that he was so miserable for 2x a day , 5 days a week so I bought this carseat in hopes that it would make him feel more comfortable/secure in the car and thereby reduce his carsickness . The first few weeks were still pretty bad , but at least it contained his vomit -LRB- lol -RRB- . However , when he was about 4 1/2 months old , the frequency of his sickness became less and less , which I 'm sure had some to do with age , but I do believe this carseat actually helped him enjoy car rides as it made it easier for him to just relax and look out the window and smell all the wonderful smells . He now enjoys popping his nose out the window instead of curling up into a miserable ball , and gets excited when it 's time to go for a ride ! I couple the seat with a harness connected to the headrest for extra protection , which I recommend to others considering this purchase . The only real issue I have is that when you take the cover off to wash , it is a pain to put back on . The price made me hesitant at first , but considering how much we 've used it the past 6 months , it was definitely worth it . I enjoy the comments I get for having a `` carseat '' for a dog . Haha . 4.5 stars
 My only criticism is that I would like it to be more securely attached . The only thing holding it in place is the seat belt across the back . I 'm not sure how well it would hold in an accident , and I hope never to find out!My Cavachon loves it . He has plenty of room to stretch out his entire body , which he could n't do in the Outward Bound seat I had purchased . I like the soft cushioning , too , as well as the draw for storing his leash , water bowls , etc. . He likes to hang his head over the side to be closer to me as I drive and it often goes into the area between the back and side walls . But I do n't THINK that is a problem.It is very large and more than fills the passenger seat in the front of my van , but leaves some room for my trash basket.Overall , I am very pleased with it . It is easy to install , and more importantly , easy to get him into and out of .
 Replaced an old Buddy pet bed we had for about 10 years . We travel with two doxies and this dog bed is comfortable , safe and allows them to see out of car or truck .
 This was a wonderful choice ... my dog absolutely lovessssss it ! He gets to sit up so he can see everything , stay safe because he 's harnessed in and be comfy because his seat is so cushie ! Plus , on top of all of this , there 's a storage drawer to put his things in when we travel . It is well worth every penny you pay for it !
 I bought this for my two pomchis . One of them especially , , always had car sickness and anxiety . Once they were able to sit together , high up to look out the window they travel much better and have n't gotten sick in the car since . It 's a sturdy product . I bring it in the house for them when not using in the car , and they love to sleep and play on it . Would def recommend it ! The strap clamps are a little clumsy to open would be my only complaint .
 This is a perfect solution for a small 25lb dog . She rides safe and in comfort . She can safely lay down and still see all the activity outside . No more wandering from side to side trying to see out . The product also comes with a small restraint to keep her in the car seat , although she still has n't figured out how to avoid getting wrapped up in it yet . I would highly recommend this product to keep canine `` babies '' safe in a vehicle .
 I AM GLAD THAT I FINALLY MADE A MOVE TO BUY A PET CAR SEAT FOR MY LITTLE PUG GUSTAV . HE IS 2 1/2 YRS OLD ; HIS WEIGHT ABOUT 22 POUNDS . I BOUGHT A MEDIUM SIZE SEAT . MY DOG IS COMFORTABLE AND SAFE NOW WHEN WE GO FOR RIDES . THAT IS IMPORTANT TO ME . THE SNOOZER LOOKOUT II PET CAR SEAT IS OF GOOD QUALITY . I HAVE NO COMPLAINTS . THANK YOU . NAATI
 If you love your dog or pet , this is the best thing for traveling , they have their own cozy place . I have three of them for all the cars .
 My 25 lb Chara is absolutely thrilled to get in the car with us now . All we have to do is pick up her harness , and she comes running . She can now do long trips without getting sick and the daily rides to anywhere are a joy . She sits up high enough to see out the window at all times . She is tethered so she ca n't jump around the car or out the window :--RRB- . Regarding the tether ... two tips that may help . 1 -RRB- I had to buy a chain leash and cut off the fabric one because Chara thought it was a chew-toy . I could reuse the big clip on the original tether . 2 -RRB- I believe that the instructions expect you to attach the tether to the seat belt . We happen to have headrests on the seat where Chara 's seat is so we attach the tether to the headrest bars , this is not only more secure in case of accident , but I also think that my seat belt could get quite worn out over time . My son does occasionally hook it back to the seat belt because he thinks she needs a bit more mobility.Regarding mobility ... some people said that there dogs can get out of the bed even while tethered . This is true and I am happy she can , especially when she 's sitting in the car while I go in somewhere . If her seat is on the sunny side , she often moves into the shade on the middle seat . The only time Chara gets out of her seat while driving is if someone is sitting the back and plays with her.The little drawer is convenient and helps keep a not so organized car organized . I always know where her 2nd leash is and always a couple of treats.As long as the weather remains moderate , Chara is happy to spend hours in her bed in the car rather than in her crate at home.I will buy another one now , while on sale and just in case they decide to discontinue .
 Be aware of sizing - I got the Snoozer Lookout II Pet Car Seat , Medium , Black , and had a hard time deciding on the size . I have a Prius and it has bucket seats in the front and that 's where I wanted to put my dog -- up close where I could pet her and we could have a decent conversation.My poodle is a 13 pound miniature and probably would have been okay with the small size , but I am so glad I got the medium size instead . Yes , it is too big . Yes , it compresses slightly when I close the passenger side door . But my dog loves it ! She can stand up , change position , rest her head on the Snoozer walls , scrunch her head through the slot where the seatbelt fits , and just plain get comfortable . She loves looking out the car window and is safe and secure in her seatbelt . -LRB- I bought a harness to attach the Snoozer seatbelt strap to , so it 's more comfortable . -RRB- The storage drawer is perfect for putting in extra stuff , but in a Prius , it 's a tight fit . It works , just tight . Overall , I love it and it 's worth it.Now we travel everywhere together !
 I bought this car seat for my female french bulldog who weighs 19lbs . She can lay down in it with no problem and still see out the window . She LOVES it . When it arrived , it was almost as she knew it was for her , she jumped right in it and sat up , as to say , this is mine !
 This is a great product . It fits both of my small dogs comfortably . They love being able to see out the window when we are driving , and I love that they are safe ! It was very easy to install also .
 I purchased this large lookout pet car seat for our 22 pound Puggle and it is just perfect ! It securely attaches to the back seat area with the seat belt -LRB- and the large size does take up half of the back seat area in a SUV -RRB- . The seat comes with an attachment that hooks to the seat belt as well as the dog 's harness , which will keep your pooch secure , yet permit ease of movement . Our Puggle is so much happier being in a seat that enables her to see everything , plus she can lay down and fully stretch out . Great purchase , very satisfied .
 my dog sits elevated so he can see outside , and is safely secured inside . It 's lightweight and easy to clean . Pullout drawer very handy - holds leash , poopy bags ...
 I bought two of the Lookout II car seats for my French Bulldogs . We were going to be on a two day trip as I moved more than 1100 miles . I did not want my dogs to spend 18 hours in the car in their kennels and these car seats were exactly what I needed . They arrived in a timely manner according to the product specifications described . The tupperware drawer was perfect for storing their leashes and treats and other miscellaneous items . I have since left the car seats in my car and used them for carting my dogs around town to vet appointments , parks , etc. . I am absolutely thrilled with the purchase and have considered buying them as gifts for my other family members with dogs .
 I have two small dogs who often travel with me in the car and who have a tendency to not sit still during the entire trip . I had previously had a dog car seat that resembled a plastic tub with foam inside and a cover on top of it . It worked for a short period of time , but due to the design of it and my dogs moving around , it always tipped over . I finally talked myself into getting a Buddy Lookout car seat , and I 'm so glad I did . Not only is it stable and comfortable for them , but it also allows them to move around without me worrying if it will fall over . The dogs actually enjoy the ride more now because they are so elevated , they are able to see everything outside where as before they had to stand on their hindlegs in order to look out the window . I also feel much better knowing that they are secure in their seat and that if I need to brake suddenly that they are not going to go flying into the backside of my driver seat . It 's also much safer for me now because I do n't have to worry about the dogs wanting to try to get in my lap while I 'm driving - which has almost caused a few mishaps in the past !
 This car seat is by far the `` BEST '' on the market . My three puppies love to ride in it . I wished that I had bought the large one , now . The medium seat is great for two small dogs , but a little snug for three small dogs . I highly recommend this comfortable seat for your lovable pets .
 My cockapoo is still getting used to it , but I love this car seat ! We just completed a 500-plus car journey , and Levi did n't fuss once . In the Lookout II he can sit up and look around , but also curl up and be comfortable for long journeys . The drawer underneath is a welcome use of space ; his leash , poop bags , food and treats are all in one place . That keeps my car neat , and everyone in the family knows where things are . I agonized over whether to get the M or L , and am so glad I went with the large ! Levi is a 30-lb . cockapoo and he never would have fit into a medium . With that said , if you 're dog is over 30-lbs. , I doubt this seat would be big enough . My only concerns/criticisms are that the seat takes up more than half of the back seat -LRB- although I doubt it can be reconfigured to take up less space -RRB- , and the strap that comes with the seat is far too short . Unless I was installing it wrong -LRB- ? -RRB- , I had to get creative with a narrow leash to attach to his harness instead . I then connected his tether to the built-in child car seat hook which works great !
 This is an innovative , well constructed dog seat . I only wish it came in an even larger size . I have a Goldendoodle puppy , weighs about 20 lbs now but know at some point the Snoozer wo n't be large enough . My dog adjusted to it right away , especially when she gets to hang her head out the window.You 'll need to purchase a harness . I tried two , one with the wide material around the chest and a simple , step in harness . I prefer the latter .
 I love the snoozer products ! i have two other seats but love that this one can fit all three dachshunds i travel with perfectly ! Its light , easy to clean , and loads fast !
 I have a mini-Schnoodle and a mini-labradoodle -LRB- 15 lb each -RRB- ; they fit comfortably into the LARGE Outlook Pet Car Seat . This fleece-lined ultra comfy car seat puts my pups up high enough to supervise the world as we drive by , and close enough for me to reach back and interact with them , all while keeping them safely harnessed in . They both have room enough to curl up for a nap too.I secure the pet car seat with a seatbelt across 2 seats . I decided to anchor tethers -LRB- 6 ' dollar store leashes adjusted for each dog -RRB- from the trunk area up under the head rests for one car -LRB- threaded through the seat crack on my other car -RRB- instead of using the ones that go onto the seatbelt . I leave the tethers in the cars and can easily swap the seat between our cars as desired.The handy hidden drawer is large enough for small food/water dishes , a brush , kibble , treats , and clean-up bags . We 're ready to hit the road for adventure ! The cover is machine washable , so it always looks nice . I bought mine in Highland Maize , and the quiet blue-gray plaid is attractive with my upholstery . Happy dogs ! Happy owner !
 This is a great product . My dog can now see out of the window and stays in his seat very satisfied . Great purchase for the safety of Ted and I.
 My beagle is about 33 pounds and 9 years old . He goes EVERYWHERE with me and with the new car I got , he ca n't see over the ledge of the window very well . This booster seat fits perfectly in the back seat of my Jeep Grand Cherokee and Rudy -LRB- my beagle -RRB- can see easily out the window . He stretches out and sleeps most of the time so he absolutely loves it . As soon as I open my door I tell him to get in his bed and he hopes right in , curls up , props his head on the ledge of the bed , and is ready to watch the world go by on his new adventure . This was an expensive booster seat ... but after having it for a couple months and seeing how much Rudy loves it -LRB- not to mention how much safer he is -RRB- ... I would n't call it expensive at all . This product is worth every penny !!!
 Bought this for my 5lb maltese as she wanted to ride on my shoulder when in the car . Best thing I could have done ! She absolutely loves it and ca n't wait to go for a ride . It is large enough for 2 small dogs .
 BRIDGET TRIED THE RABBIT FILETS AND REALLY LIKED THEM . WE WILL DEFINITELY BUY THEM AGAIN .
 Shrimps arrived as pictured , cute and sweet . I tied mine to a string to twirl around the room - happy cat .
 My dog loves these chicken chips . My inlaws buys them now for their pets .
 I wish I could find bigger packages of this but can only find the small 4oz packages.Our two Poms love them - their favorites . Prefer over wrapped fruits , ears , meatballs , salmon bakes ...
 If I recall I returned this item because they did n't send me the pound as it stated . I got 3 oz bags so I returned them . If this is a different item order then I apologize .
 I was worried about this product when I saw it came from China so I called the number on the bag . They assured me that is was only chicken and had been inspected numerous times before it came on our market . My dogs love it but I could never forgive myself if anything like this harmed them in any way .
 Our black lab has a very sensitive stomach and these are one of the few treats that she does just great on !
 My dog was suffering from IBS or at least had very bad poops at least once a week . I started using this product about four months ago and I have noticed a 100 % improvement . The directions say to give her two a day but I only give her one . I guess it depends on the dog . The one capsule works fine .
 We could no longer get Nutri-Vet Probiotic at Petsmart , so are glad to find it at Amazon . It is easy to mix the powder with our dog 's food .
 We adopted an emaciated Siberian Husky who was about 1/2 her desired weight and about 2 years old . She went through exploratory surgery to try to find the cause of her constant diarrhea . We now have her on a gluten-free dog food and these probiotics , and they work 100 % . I can tell when we miss giving her the pills a couple days in a row , her symptoms come back a little . I order a few bottles at a time to save on shipping and so I do n't have to order too frequently . I have been very happy with this arrangement .
 I bought these for my golden retreiver puppy , Leeloo who had to take antibiotics for her puppy pyoderma that she had 2x . The pyoderma has been irradicated and these certainly helped maintain the normal flora of her intestines and I 'm greatful my puppy is in good health as a results because I know antibiotics can take their toll on a dog 's digestion and I did n't want her to have problems at an early age . How do I know they worked ? In truth , I have no hard evidence , but her stool was turning mushy after she started the antibiotics and after I started giving them to her , her stool returned to it 's normal , hard consistency .
 My Rottie has Intestinal Bowel Disorder and this is one of the best supplements for her recovery . I started out with 3 in the morning and 3 at night but increased to 4 each . Now she acts like a 2 year old again !
 If you dog suffers from any type of skin allergy this is the food for your dog . It 's pure , no fillers .
 My 19-year old Schnauzer does really well on these . I ran out once and then really saw the difference . She loves the taste , her sensitive stomach does fine , and she moves so much better now that she is on these little biscuits . I am more than happy with the results . I tried a couple of other products in the beginning - thinking it would not make a difference - WRONG ! Other products either made no difference in how she moved and/or made her sick . We love these biscuits !
 Very inexpensive and my miniature dachshund loved them ! I have given her other glucosamine treats as well , so it 's hard to say if these actually work because I have several kinds . But . . in combination they work wonderfully ! Dachshunds require a lot of glucosamine for spinal health .
 I received these biscuits on the 20th , just nine days ago . I have noticed for some time that my female Chihuahua 's hips and legs would make weird noises when she would jump or turn certain ways . So I did some research and decided to try these biscuits specifically because they were formulated for smaller breeds . I am not disappointed . I give them to my male Chihuahua as well . To make them want the treats even more we simply put a dab of peanut butter on the biscuit and they gobble them right down . I have already noticed a difference in my female . I have not heard her bones making those grinding noises in several days and she has been taking them twice daily , as instructed on the package , for only nine days thus far . I just ordered two more bottles because I do not want to run out of the biscuits . My only regret is that I did not find them sooner .
 I think the biscuits are working , that 's the good . The bad is she wo n't eat them unless I put them in a hotdog or a piece of cheese . But if they work I guess that 's the important thing . I will continue to buy them .
 It is hard to find these at the pet store and I love being able to order it . My little dog loves them too and they have helped him .
 I just received this today ... I 'm hoping it will help my MinPin with the foot he is having trouble with . . To soon to tell . .
 This product is perfect for dogs who need the glucosamine for joint problems ... easy to take in a treat .
 These are pretty small but I give my dog two treats at every meal . He loves the treats and I will buy again to help with his joint problems .
 For picky dogs , this is a must . I have an 8 year old corgi mix , and getting her to take her daily meds is a pain . She has arthritis and the vet suggested we get her glucosamine tablets . We tried everthing to get her to eat the tablets , but she would n't do it . These wafers ended up being the easiest , painless , least time consuming way to get her to take her medicine . Some dogs do n't like peanut butter , but for those who do , this product is amazing . I wish more dog medicine companies would provide tasty versions for the pickier ones . However , I admit I am having problems finding them in store . So far , none of the near by co-ops or tractor supply stores have them.Even though they are hard to find , I 'd suggest this product for any aging arthritic dog .
 Contrary to the previous reviewer , my lab loves these . They are a great small size for training and reward purposes .
 The product is very soothing on the dog . My puppy has very sensitive skin and most products when applied on him will be immediately licked off by him . This is one of a few that he seems to like and allows to be left on him to the the work .
 I use this product on my dogs just before we go hiking . I am more than happy with how it keeps bugs from trying to hitch a ride to my home !
 Easy to use , no hassle . Much easier than trying to use one of those squeeze things . Got these for my outdoor cat , I can apply while she is at the bowl eating .
 After trying this with great success , I was saddened to see these negative reviews . Taste appears to be the only reason for this . It is true , though . My cats hate the taste as well , SO the solution was to pour some into one of those little 2 oz . glass dropper bottles . I just hold each kitty steady and give each , by mouth , a full dropper 3 times per week -LRB- Mon. . Wed. . Fri. -RRB- and their coats are glossy , soft , and flake-free . It has also helped tremendously -LRB- along with canned/dry Natural Balance Limited Ingredient Duck & Green Pea cat food and Animals Apawthecary Phytomucil -RRB- with inflammatory bowel disease issues as it helps reduce inflammation in the intestinal tract . PLEASE give it a chance and dose by mouth , as I do n't know any cat that can handle the highly concentrated flavor of this oil.For the NB Duck & Green Pea : Natural Balance Green Pea & Duck Formula Dry Cat FoodFor the Animal 's Apawthecary Phytomucil : Animals ' Apawthecary Phytomucil Digestive Tincture for Dogs and Cats , 2 Ounce BottleI use a similar bottle for the salmon oil.I implore you to give this a try !
 I bought this for my cat because she 's a little overweight , and when I put her on diet food , she was n't getting the fats and omegas she needed . I have to say that I saw results within just a few days . Before , she had dandruff and her coat looked dull . She 's still on the diet food , but I just squirt a little of this over it . To be honest , I thought she was going to love the fishy-ness , but she seems apathetic about it ; she 's about as neutral about her food as she always has been , but it 's definitely doing its job !
 I like the curved feature of this syringe . It gives me a chance to deliver the liquid medication to the mouth of a pet without worrying about poking them anywhere .
 I use this size irrigation syringe for irrigating my gum line and removing things like trapped popcorn hulls from under the gum . Works fine .
 This is EXACTLY what it says it is and functions flawlessly . I was afraid the water jet stream would be too large or not well directed , but this was n't the case . It shoots a very fine , smooth , targeted stream of water and is easy to clean .
 It serves its purpose , it 's made of sturdy polypropylene or HDPE plastic & it 's made in the USA ! I have an old one that 's over 10 years old & now sits in my toolbox . The new ones I bought will be for more sanitary purposes .
 I needed an injector to get glue into a very cramped spot . This injector did the job for me .
 I am pretty sure people purchase these syringes for other purposes , but it sure functions well as a glue dispenser for OCD Architecture students that like to build clean models . The shipping was ok , I 've recommended this tool to several of my classmates . The only downside is , it 's pretty disposable ... so do n't bother cleaning it for reuse .
 I love this type of syringe and would suggest it to anyone ... especially for those who have issues with their ears . The tapered curved tip allows you to shoot peroxide deep in the ear which is great . Can be a little uncomfortable if not used to it but well worth it !
 It was a quick , smooth transaction . I 'm ready to start feeding this year 's batch of baby birds when they fall out of their nest .
 This item can not be found at local pharmacies or medical suppliers in my area.For those individuals with G or J tubes with the smaller sized tubes this is a greatitem.The size and tip fit properly and the administration of crushed medication canbe inserted via the syringe to the feeding tube.The only draw back is that over time the plunger is harder to push but manageable.More awareness and advertisement of the availability of this syringe would be a blessingto those who need it .
 These work fine for about 5 days of feedings . Then the seals start to stick to the wall and prevent an even , continuous flow.NOTE
 I bought this syringe to fill homemade paintball grenades which requires very high pressures . This syringe excelled in everything i threw at it and cleaned up perfectly every time so i could keep reusing it !
 I use this syringe daily for my son . In a baby bottle , I mix his Miralax and water and then suck it right up with this syringe . It fits right into his button without needing an extension . I wish we could get these through home health , but I just order more from here when I need more . They do get harder to push in the plunger the older they are , but still a great product .
 I use this for measuring photography chemicals in small quantities , and for that purpose it 's pretty much perfect.The numbers and lines are actually melted into the plastic , so they wo n't wash off over time . That has been a big problem on other syringes I 've used in the past .
 Just as I expected . Quality is there . Easy to use . I 'll be back for more when I need them
 I use this syringe for measuring precise amounts of oil for 2 cycle mixes . I usually mix no more than a gall on of mixed gas which requires small amounts of oil . This works great for precisely measuring small amounts of liquids .
 Great ride , my two miniature dachshunds love riding in the car and now they can see and bark at other dogs riding in their cars .
 We picked one of these up at a pet store earlier today . We 've had to clean it off 3x after petting our two cats with it ... and we already brush them daily . They seem to enjoy it so we 're getting 2 more to space out through the house .
 My pitbull is afraid of random things including brushes , but she loves this mitt . She lays down and relaxes completely for brush time now , whereas she used to see a brush and go hide in her kennel . Put a towel under your dog or be ready to vacuum up afterwards - she 'll be surrounded by loose fur when you 're done .
 My dog loves to lay next to me on the couch and be petted so we bought this to keep the tangles of hair away that she gets in the winter and so far it works well . it does n't fit my hand well but i do have small stubby fingers .
 We have this cage and the yellow one for my son 's mice . We really like them . They go together and come apart for cleaning quite easily . They wash nicely with dish detergent and some vinegar . Plus , they fit in our kitchen sink . We have had this green one for over two months , and there have been no escapes .
 The driftwood I received looked great in my 15 gallon freshwater tank . It 's a two toned piece with a dark reddish side and a light yellowish side . The size is close the description . The wood sank to the bottom of the tank right away . I probably should of soak the piece in buck for a few days because it did leech a lot of tannins . However , I like the darker water in my tank . Overall , I think price is good compare to other suppliers .
 I have attached the photo of the piece I got as a customer image . I only soaked this piece for one day before adding it to the aquarium , but it immediately sunk without additional weight and it did not discolor the water . So I 'm pretty happy all together .
 My son received this driftwood for his aquarium pretty fast which made me happy because I did n't have to worry weather he got it or not . He 's very happy with this product and says the wood is exceptionally nice and a pretty addition to his aquarium .
 A very nice piece of Driftwood that I use in creating Bonsai arrangements . Water resistant , very heavy and has a redish color .
 this product was described accurately and was what i was expecting . it look great in my aquarium and compared to local pet shops , the price was excellent .
 my fish love it ! they hide in it and i see my pleco muching on it from time to time . But like all real wood you have to soak it a TON before you can put it in your tank so that all the tannins can seep out so it wo n't discolor your tank
 I 'm very pleased with this purchase . This piece was `` Y '' shaped , with the longest dimension 14 '' . Sank without any problem . I boiled it about 12 hours , then soaked it for a week , to leach out any tannin ; I did n't see much tannin leach out , and now my aquarium water stays quite clear.This , and a large piece , really fill out my 20-gallon aquarium , and make great decor .
 It did add some yellowish/brown color to the water -LRB- even after a couple of days submersed on a bucked for cleaning -RRB- ; otherwise it sinks by itself very easily , got a beautiful color and shape , and looks really solid/strong . It seems to be completely clean and without any bad odor . Great product , excellent price !
 I had one of these scoopers a number of years back and used it for about 4 years before it finally bit the dust . . Works better than any others I have tried . . good for tall grass or hard surface ...
 Pet Select brand Allen scooper is a great value for the person who will use when the conditions are right and store correctly . If you try to use when `` material '' is frozen to the turf and the plastic is most brittle , well you could break the unit . We have a New Foundland and he puts this kind of equipment to the limits of its capabilities . The scoop is big enough that it can pick up one complete pile in a single stroke . The combination of teeth on one side a strait edge blade on the other is very effective at getting all of the pile . Even if the material has been left for days or Yogi stepped in it , the scoop is able to get down to the base of the turf and comb it out . Our scoop has worked without fail for 3 + years and just now broke . I have stored the scoop in the pool house out of the sun , rain , and snow . For me the utility is very much in line with the cost . I 'm replacing with another of the same . This scoop can be found for less than 10.00 USD .
 I have a German Shepherd thats terrified of the slightest noise that comes out of my wood heater . He has an instant panic attack . This product did n't stop the attacks but it does seem to prevent the severe attacks and he calms down more quickly . I 've use some of the pheromone collars and they did work but they loose their effectiveness quickly in the cold winter weather .
 We have used these Bite-Meez puppets for a while now . I purchased this shark puppet over a year ago and it 's still his favorite toy . We got the Alligator too but the eyes keep getting torn off . The shark is holding up well . I will purchase another of these when I need it .
 My dog loves trying to get my hand and the toy away from me . I love this toy and could n't find it in stores .
 My hermit crab love the them , , they use it all . I wish it is Niger for them . . My hermit crab eat them all
 I do n't know what these other people 's hermit crabs ' problem is , but I have four medium-ish hermit crabs who all eat these . Wan na know how I know my crabs are eating them ? Because all the poop in the cage is blue or red depending on which calcium block is in there ! It 's hilarious , but I can say for sure that these blocks are getting eaten . Oh , and I 'm not starving my crabs to force them , either .
 There are cheaper ways to provide calcium for your crabs , like parakeet cuttle bones , but I am more aesthetically inclined than frugal . My crabitat looks like a beach resort , so these calcium blocks look great in it . I put them in there only a few weeks ago , so I 'm not sure if they are eating it , but they do love playing with them ! The blocks are moved all over the place every day ; sometimes I have to pull them out of the water pools . I would recommend them , b/c they provide entertainment for the hermies as well as a calcium source .
 Another purchase done in the initial excitement of caring for a hermit crab . These are largely ignored by my little ones , and a friend said that the calcium crunchers are mostly for larger crabs . Lesson learned , but they look pretty damn good in the habitat .
 Sme sand , the little crab pool , sponge beach balls and this -LRB- all found on Amazon.com -RRB- your crab has a beach paradise ! and u can maybe even add a coconut hut ! it is EXACTLY what i need to finish there cage !
 A bit too dusty for comfortably filling muslin sachets without worries about dust getting out onto our clothes , but this is otherwise a terrific product for our non-typical needs . Not sure of its virtues for pet cages .
 I have had no problems with this cedar pet bedding for allergic reactions or anything else . I add it to Feline Pine cat litter in a ratio of about 1 part Cedar Chips to 4 parts Feline Pine and it helps with urine absorption and there are virtually no odors from urine whatsoever anymore in the box ; we remove the cat waste once or twice daily with 2 adult cats . I use the Cedar Chips for the bedding in our hamster cage . In the portion of the cage where he sleeps/nests I also add cotton -LRB- from just pulling apart cotton balls -RRB- & / or wool -LRB- from spinning , if you are a knitter it is plain , natural roving -RRB- . He loves to burrow into the soft wool or cotton and the cedar chips catch in it a little bit but mainly fall to the bottom of the nest hideout . I recommend this product , it smells wonderful and woodsy and lasts a very long time .
 Works like a charm . I recommend putting it on a battery backup though since it will reset to the full moon when the power goes out .
 Quick delivery . Pet stores no longer seem to carry the option for the just the magnets , they carry a collar and magnet for the same price as the 2 magnets . I wish to choose my own collars not be forced to buy one to get the magnet . Thank you Amazon .
 We purchased a Pet Safe cat door and magnet for our cat Sugar to keep her safe . It really works , however , I guess the magnet keeps getting attached to things/places and pulls the collar off -LRB- gets lost -RRB- and she is unable to enter . So that is why we keep ordering them . It can be an expense , but the price you offered for the two helps . Thanks
 These help with the cat coming and going as she pleases . It is wonderful !
 I bought this spray after noticing my dog was rubbing his nose raw when I would leave him in his crate . I looked for something that would help with his separation anxiety and this seemed to be the best option . I am unsure what really worked the spray or moving his crate because I did both and he stopped . Now I only use the spray on occasion when I think he needs it -LRB- storms , high wind , busy house noises -RRB- . It seems to help some .
 My dog is loaded with tons of toys and treats . But when my puppy got her paws on this knotted bone , she was in h-e-a-v-e-n . She literally chewed on it until she devoured the entire thing -LRB- great for me since it kept her busy ! -RRB- . Whatever is in it really attracts her , much more so that other products . I 'm actually filling out this customer review because I came back to the seller 's profile to buy more of these !
 What can I say about this product ? Strips of dried duck breast , packed in a sealed plastic bag with a cardboard label attached to the top . The dog seems to really enjoy them .
 First off do n't be scared by the `` Product of China '' label . . The duck used comes from a breed of domesticated duck used primarily for egg and meat production . It was bred from the Mallard in China.Yes America produces Pekin Duck too , but have not done a good job at dehydrating the meats in bulk for jerky uses , only for culinary usage and it usually is n't cheap or easy to find .95 % of duck meat consumed in the United States is Pekin duck , and who knows what percentage of that is actually our own US product.Our friendly Asian brothers have been farming Pekin Duck since the days of the 5 Dynasty , that 's about 1100yrs ago or so.In 1873 nine ducks were exported from China to Long Island , New York and there are currently from what I can see only a couple of towns in Indiana that handle that predominantly for the US markets.Not all dogs are meant to handle waterfowl , but if they do and you do n't like this product then go get a hunting license to make your own duck jerky .
 Great item , my Bassett loves them . I do wish they were available in a larger size .
 these bulbs are amazing and give my aquarium a beautiful glo like ive never seen . even certain fish look flourescent . i would recomend this for any aquarium .
 Does the job very well . Deep blue color to enhance the washed out look of the main white daylight bulbs .
 Based on recommendations of some online friends , I started using this cream on my nails as a conditioner , and it 's really great .
 I have been using Vitashell as a cuticle cream -LRB- finger and toe nails -RRB- , hand cream , and facial night cream -LRB- just a thin layer does it -RRB- . It makes my skin feel impeccably soft and my nails are strong and the tips white . I highly recommend this if you are looking for a product with great natural ingriedients .
 This is great while it works . In my case it lasted about two years . These thermometers are invaluable when setting up a tank and setting heaters . They will eventually start reading high , but they are worth the price .
 Tough to rate as it seems to be accurate enough but that is not the end of the story.The device display is quite over sized at approximately 4 `` x4 '' , which for many will be a benefit as the display digit readout numbers are over 1 '' tall . But with the logo in pink and bold white thick type , it takes on a toy-like quality and looks cheap ... which it 's not . That said , that 's all about personal preference.My problem is more about the cord length on the probe . At 39 '' , far too short for me . I 'm using a 65 gallon tank that 's 24 '' tall . OK , so if I place the probe 12 '' into the water ... and want to wall-mount the display -LRB- it comes with a wall bracket for that purpose -RRB- , I 'm stretching the cord to get it where I want it and also creating a hazard . Not good.So , I bought a different brand -LRB- Lab Safety Supply , Inc. part # 148464 -RRB- sold here and elsewhere for about $ 22 that has a waterproof probe and a very ample cord . Very compact and professional unit and that also has hi/low temp alerts but for the probe only -LRB- which for most people does the job just fine -RRB- . Lifegard could do much better on this one . Please make your cord longer .
 I use this one on my 90 gal show tank . works great with no problems . Its large and stands out a little , but I can see it from across the room . : - -RRB-
 this product works exactly as advertised ... the display is large , so i mounted it to the side of my 65 gal tank using the double sided tape ... i would recommend this product
 The Power Scoop Cat Litter Scooper is made with hard plastic ; it does not bend like cheaper -LRB- poorly made -RRB- plastic scoops . The handle is strong , and easy to grip and to press the button . The `` scooper '' part is larger than most . Batteries shipped with the Scooper , and they lasted about five weeks -LRB- I have no doubt that other batteries will last quite a bit longer -RRB- . I dislike the colour , but this is a very minor issue.KV Vet Supply shipped promptly , and there was a flat $ 5.00 rate . I would buy from this company again.A product such as this came to my attention several years ago from a veterinary school 's cat newsletter . The reviewer began by declaring that it seemed like a silly product -LRB- `` Does one really need a scoop that vibrates ? How hard is it to scoop a litter box ? '' -RRB- . But since his job was to review different products , he tried it . AND HE LOVED IT.I had the same thoughts when I read that review . Nevertheless , I found a vibrating scoop at the pet store -LRB- cost
 In the past year , I 've gone through 3 of these . They work great and make emptying the litter box a much easier chore . Unfortunately , the first one that I purchased just died one day . I tried changing th e battery , but it did n't help . So , I bought a second one . This one worked great for awhile , but after a couple months , the plastic handle broke off in a spot . So , now I have scoop # 3 , and I 'm hoping that it will last awhile . These work SO great , and even if they stop working or fall apart , they 're still well worth the money .
 love it ... love it ... love it . Found one of these many years ago , and recently located them on your web site.We have several friends who have cats , and thought to share this with them . They all love it as well .
 I really like this product as it makes shaking the loose cat litter off a breeze.It makes cleaning the cat boxes that much easier .
 This litter scoop Very comfortable , eases the litter box cleaning work . This scoop it 's big and wide enough and the vibration took off the clean sand from the dirt , so you do n't have to shake your hand . I have 3 litter boxes and I clean them twice a day and this scoop makes it easer .
 This is the second one of these I have bought . I actually still have the first one , and it still works , but I wanted a second one &#34; just in case &#34; . It is one of several types of scoop I use for the hard-clumping litter . It sure can save my wrists , especially when the weather is damp and my arthritis is acting up .
 Second time I have ordered this product . Great for people with arthrites . Very little efford need by user . Thank You .
 I bought one of these many years ago from a local vet supply and was pleased as punch the first time I used it . -LRB- I bought 3 this time -- one for each litter box -RRB- . It works great on clay litters , but what it really excelled at was when I switched to corn and wheat litters . These litters are so lightweight that you sometimes have to shake a regular scoop so much it gets tiresome . The Powerscoop vibrates and helps pass the lighter litters through so much faster and easier . The battery life is exceptional . The servo will wear out eventually , but my scoops have lasted an average of 3-4 years . Worth the cost - especially in a multi-cat/multi-litter box household . What a time and labor saver .
 I had one of these that I bought years ago and somehow lost track of it when we moved . I saw this on Amazon and was thrilled . It is a huge scoop and comes with the battery you need for it to run . All you do is push the button after scooping and it gently shakes the loose litter into the cat 's litter box . You can clean the litter box more easily in less time and with less waste using the vibrating cat litter power scoop.One thing which was actually a plus for me is that the scooper I got was Blue . I preferred it to the lighter color.Works great and battery lasts for a long time.Enjoy!Becky
 I love this shaking scoop ! It 's sturdy and gets the job done faster and neater .2 girl 's mom
 I have 10 of these running sponge filters in my fish store . If you restrict these pumps in anyway , such as using a valve , the diaphragms will rupture . If you run them wide open they last for years . You can wreck one in minutes by simply turning a valve off . The cheep diaphragms ca n't handle any back pressure . I 'm guessing the Chinese never tested them that way and went ahead and made 1,000,000 to sell in the US.Good pump if do n't restrict it.You get what you pay for ... The Rena one is much better .
 Quiet pump able to create loads of air pressure and bubbles ! There are two air outputs with no way to shut off one of the two , so you need to have two hoses . Price was way below local pet stores . Packaged well and shipped quickly . Would highly recommend .
 i bought 2 of these . they are super quiet and do the job . they look cool , too . shipping was very fast !
 First , I 'm very surprised to see people complaining about this pump being a waste of money . It 's an incredibly cheap pump . If they wanted to get the best pump out there , perhaps they should have been willing to shell out more money for one of the other brands mentioned , like theAquarium Pharmaceuticals Rena Air 300 Aquarium Air Pump . Obviously , they went cheap with this pump , and they 're unhappy with it . I personally use this pump forHydrofarm Emily 's Garden System , and I am very , very happy with it . The reservoir holds anywhere from 2-6 gallons , and currently all six pots are growing very well . They 're vibrant , the growth is explosive , and the only way to circulate nutrients to all of them is with the airstones in the Emily 's kit.If you 're considering the Emily 's kit , be _ sure _ to get a quieter pump . The one that it came with is so noisy we could hardly hear the television over the noise of the pump . This pump solved that problem.And for you aquarium people , the Whisper line includes _ many _ other pumps like theWhisper Aquarium Air Pump 300 - Up to 150 gallon . If you want a big pump for your aquarium , shell out just a little more and get one that 's appropriate rather than defaming this pump . This pump is * awesome * . Because it 's so quiet I 'm thinking of adding another Emily 's six-pot or even a sixteen-pot setup , and just buying another Whisper 100 .
 Well it 's a good air pump , I mean it does it 's job . But it over advertises the `` quietness '' . It depends on how quiet you 're talking , I have one and honestly if you 're house is completely silent these things are very loud and can be heard outside of a door and when you 're in the room . I dunno , I just thought I 'd let that be known to anyone that was expecting a dead silent air pump because this is not .
 I use this pump on my 400 gallon fish tank I have three of them they work well they go down 42 inches I love
 Used for outdoor fish pond to give the fish air during the winter . Works perfect and I would recommend it .
 nice product , with great looking and nice price . it 's hard for me find it at market , but easy at ebay . .
 Great product & great price , item should right on time before Christmas . I have shop around & they had the best price
 I use this in a 30 gallon hydrponic reservoir growing hot peppers and use it with two large air stones . Both stones are pumping out an adequate amount of air . Pump is also quiet .
 Had it for 3 months with no problems , its decently quiet and puts out a steady air-stream , its been running non stop for a little over 3 months now with no problems .
 Works great and quiet . Would suggest anyone buy them if you need something quiet but strong enough to make the undergravel filter work great .
 This air PUMP is quiet and i have 4 fish tank hooked up to it . 2 55 gal . and 2 20 gal.longs . will buy 1 more when i get my 120 gal . tank . thanks whisper
 2nd 1 I have and both works great will buy more if they go bad other 1 is 1 year old and price is right
 it is been working for a long time and the air pressure is same as new . strong , silent , inexpensive . it is perfect for a beginner and for a professional . strong deliver of air , perfect for more than 10 stones .
 I do n't get all the negative reviews , This pump has worked flawlessly for me for last 18 months.Maybe i just got lucky?Or everybody is unlucky
 This product is a lifesaver . My dog can find a pill in anything , but she loves the pill pockets , eats them like a treat . Great for big pills , and can be split in half and molded around small pills .
 These work great for hiding pet medications . Just place the pill inside the pocket , squeeze to seal the edges , and then roll into a ball . I have four dogs , three of which will eat a loaded pill pocket with no problem , but for the fourth who tends to chew her treats thus discovering the pill inside , I simply place a loaded pill pocket inside a bowl of her favorite moist dog food and wait to see that she eats everything . This usually does the trick and she consumes the food along with the loaded pill pocket without noticing anything out of the ordinary.FYI - To prevent transfer of medicine smell or taste , do not touch Pill Pockets treat with the hand that held the pill.INGREDIENTS -LRB- BEEF FLAVORED PILL POCKETS -RRB-
 Nowadays vets are like MDs and prescribe a lot of meds for dogs . Pill pockets work great and beat having to force them down your pet 's throat . They are a bit pricey for what they are -LRB- hamburger would work just as well -RRB- , but they are very convenient .
 I 've ordered bully sticks from other vendors and have gotten them for very competitive prices . And though the difference can not be `` seen '' , it can be determined from a distance of ten feet . These bully sticks are wonderful . My dogs loves them and WE love them ... there is NO odor ! The others I 've ordered elsewhere smell like nothing I can define . I 'm never ordering from another vendor again . These sticks are simply great !
 I purchased these bully sticks online in order to try to save money -LRB- I have three dogs and we go through a lot of bully sticks ! -RRB- My dogs loved these , though they did n't last as long -LRB- were n't as thick -RRB- as the other bully sticks that we usually buy locally . However , they are free-range !
 I was a little confused by the photo . I thought I found a great deal on bully sticks for a pack under $ 5 - but its a single 12 inch stick . Still a good deal when compared to pet store prices . My dogs love bully sticks , it keeps them busy for hours and their teeth clean .
 I am so happy that I found an e-tailer who sells Free Range Dog Chews . They are pizzles -LRB- those of you with dogs know what that means -RRB- BUT they are hormone free , the company drains the blood and urine out of them before processing them so they do n't stink to high heaven when your dog chews . All dogs love them , they are natural and I consider Free Range the Cadillac of pizzles . Even my vet agrees that these are likely the best ones available .
 These are great bully sticks . We typically buy Merrick , but these are just as good - not smelly , no staining , and our dog enjoys them .
 Great deal on these bully sticks . Other brands tend to smell pretty bad when they are wet . These do n't have that problem .
 Our puppy has tried a variety of bully sticks , and this is definitely her favorite brand . The price is way below the what I 've seen at the stores , so we keep ordering more .
 These bully sticks are great ! They 're a must-have when workmen or guests come over . My dogs would rather gnaw on their bully sticks than annoy visitors .
 My dogs love bully sticks and they are the only thing I can give them because they are 100 % digestible and my dogs ca n't chew off big pieces.I prefer the Free Range bully sticks over other brands because they do not smell once you dog he started chewing on them.They are also good for dental health because they help clean teeth and gums = 0 -RRB-
 I love buying bully sticks for my dog but the ones at most stores seem to have a foul and rotting smell.This product is virtually odorless before usage.-After some usage , it has a mild scent that you ca n't notice.I recommend this product to medium to large size breeds.The funny thing is , all the sticks are 12 inches long , but all of them vary in thickness . Some were monstrously thick and some were very thin.The seller did n't promise how thick they would be , but regardless , this seller is more reputable that most internet dealers.It 's a very fair price for 3 bucks a piece .9 / 10 sticks seem to be very fresh . I recommended this seller.Oh yeah , I forgot to tell you these are excellent for cleaning your Dog 's teeth .
 My pup loves these things . He will go through a 12 inch stick in 2-3 days and they do n't stink ! I have seen the same product at pet stores and this is definitely a better deal . Although I have noticed that the price has been increasing each time I order . The price has gone up $ 0.30 per stick in the last 3 months or so .
 These are great for keeping my beagle busy . We used to get a different brand that smelled so strong we called them `` stinky sticks . '' The fact that these are free range makes me feel much better , and they do n't stink .
 After several attempts , I have found it ! A tough chew stick . My `` pet wolf '' was busy for a solid hour and a half on just one ! This is the longest lasting treat yet . A quality product in a clear bag . Will buy more .
 Yep , my Jack Russell really loves these ... . similar products had kept him `` involved '' and then he started ignoring them ... found out if we stuck one end in a Kong it made him work to get the chew . These do n't seem to have the heavy odor of others we have purchased . Would buy some more again .
 My dog LOVES these bully sticks . They are much less stinky than other brands . The only downfall is that some of the bully sticks sent in the order were VERY thin compared to other bully sticks you can buy .
 Great Product ! My dogs LOVE them and i LOVE knowing they re Free Range and high quality .
 My daughter purchased a few bully bones from a local retailer and paid 2-3 times more for each bone . As a result she could not give these bones very often to her border collie . I have been babysitting my daughter 's border collie over the summer and decided to do a search for the best deal for bully bones ... this is it ! 2.79 is by far cheaper that any other source that I have found , and the quality is also exceptional ! I have a sheltie as well . I usually give my daughter 's border collie the bully bone first , and when she is done with a chewing session our sheltie loves them too ! It 's so nice that they share . I will definitely be getting more of these !
 I do n't know what it is about the Purr Padd , but my cats love the things , spending many hours on the various pad lying about the house . They do get torn up and have to be replaced , but it takes the cats several months to render a pad unusable . The Purr Padd is an excellent gift for your cat , and it is reasonably priced as well .
 We have a senior cat who has arthritis and often gets cold . She loves the purr pad . It 's hard to get where we live because there isint a petsmart here so I was happy when I found it on amazon .
 I did n't think this product would attract my cats . They love soft blankets . But since I got these I ca n't keep them off of them . They keep their fur on the pad & they love them . Product just as desecribed ! Recommend highly !
 This amazing pad is just about the only place that Angie will sleep . I now have four of them .
 Order them on Sunday got them Tuesday real great service my fish tank looks great fish and corals will recommend this lights .
 Really good ambiance light . Beautifully bright and powerful so do n't look into it or you will burn your retinas out . : -RRB-
 Great product , perfect for live plants in a 33 gallon hex tank . This is a perfect light for live plants and does not cause a ton of algae on the side of the tank like some other light bulbs .
 Great oil for clippers . Price is good for size . Do not slow clippers down at all , even used on my fishing reel .
 I have no idea how this blade oil compares to any other blade oils . However , I can tell you that this blade oil does exactly what it is meant to do . I have a very basic Conair hair-cut razor set . The first set of blades wore out in about a year . You can tell , because they will leave a bunch of hairs long . It will just not cut quite the same . I bought replacement blades along with the oil . The blades are sharp and cutting great in the same amount of time . I just make sure to oil the blades after each use . Buy this to ensure your razor blades last !!
 I buzz my own hair once a week , and oil the clippers every time.I ca n't tell between a good and a bad oil . But it does the job.The bottle and applicator nozzle are mess-free , no issues there.I trust the Wahl brand . I would buy this again .
 Easy to use bottle.Just put a few drops on your blades and your good to go.Oil works perfect .
 It 's oil and it works , Does n't leak.I need 13 more words in order to be able to post this . There .
 A light -LRB- 10w -RRB- non-detergent oil like this is for all unloaded applications between sliding parts . This is perfect for delicate laboratory equipment such as microscopes as well as racing bicycles . This is a clear super refined mineral oil ; a petroleum product and is closely related to petroleum jelly . Mineral oil is what hydraulic brake-lines are filled with . The superior heat-transfer of mineral oil sees use in oil radiators . Hobbyists immerse computers in mineral oil to keep them cool .
 My WA8451 hair clippers came with a bottle of oil which may not be used up for quite a while . When that day comes , I shall then switch to this extra bottle . Cheers . I gave this five stars because they did a good job on their dispenser bottle design and size and were generous with such a healthy portion of their blade oil for the price .
 on time , nice sized bottle , I do keep it upright at all times to prevent possible leaking i used it with my Wahl 9590-210 Pro-series Complete Pet Clipper Kit
 Excellent lubricant for my shaver . You need just a drop or two . I will always use this product as long as it is available to purchase .
 I was very satisfied with this oil . First of all , it has a clean feel to it which is especially important when you use it on ahaircutting machine that is in contact with your skin . And second the price was pretty good .
 My son was expecting it very anxious and he received it so fast !!! He was so happy because was the same thing as shown in the picture .
 good product . make sure use it every time you cut your hair . good amount of oil in it in only $ 3
 I am a very happy camper with this excellent quality product . I would buy from here again . I use this oil on all my clippers and trimmers .
 If you use clippers hard like I do then you need this . This bottle is huge and will probably last both my Wahl clippers for a decade .
 WORKS GREAT ! Three different sets of clippers in my house , used about once a week by the guys , and this oil is a life saver . After a while clippers would start to pull/grab . And the itty bitty bottle of oil that comes with the clippers is gone before you know it , mainly because it usually leaks after you open it . This bottle does n't leak and lasts a long time . The price is great and I have yet to see this in any drug store by me . Just put a few drops on the blades before each use and you get an easy and pain free haircut .
 Clipper oil in the store is SO expensive . This is exactly what I needed and for such a Great cost .
 Not much to say about a container of oil except that it is authentic Wahl brand clipper oil and should last for years .
 llego en la fecha acordada sellado y nuevo el vendedor muy responsable se lo recomiendo 100 % excelente el producto sin detalle
 So far I have used it quite a few times . It works great and the 4-Oz bottle can last very long time as you do n't need to put much of it on your transmitter .
 This is a very hard to find in the streets product , i was very glad to find it on amazon , if you have a clipper \ trimmer it 's a must have , it does the job as expected nothing less , nothing more
 We like this product it helps keep the clippers in good shape ! It can be kind of messy and a pain to clean up
 The size of this bottle will last at least a year in this house . It arrived VERY fast . Great quality oil .
 Fast and professional service , very pleased with the product . Received item as described , no place can beat the value paid for the product .
 The oil keeps the blades and all the moving parts of my trimmer in tip top shape with just a tiny amount needed .
 Not much you can say about this product . I have a Wahl trimmer and this keeps it cutting well and protects the blade .
 I do not shave my face in the traditional fashion . I use a beard and mustache trimmer without a guard . So my trimmers take a good amount of abuse since I use them every morning . This oil keeps the blades sharp and the mechanism smooth so that my skin does n't get sheared off and it is n't pulling hair out of my face . This bottle will probably last me until the end of time , but your mileage may vary if you use it for professionals purposes or you are a wolf-person . PROS-It worksCONS-None
 I cut my own hair and this keeps the blades sharper and from pulling longer . It is worth the money for the upkeep of your clippers !
 Possibly the best clipper oil product . Bang for your bucks . So much oil it could last a lifetime . Not sure what else to say about clipper oil but this is a great product . I would highly recommend it . Possibly a one time buy and you 're set for life .
 price was great for this product to help my clippers function properly ! i appreciate this bonus purchase that i was given
 This is great oil for a good price . Keeps my old Wahl clippers working great . Very economical in this size .
 I 've had this for 6 or 7 years now and have been using my clippers at least twice a week during that time . I always oil my clippers and I still have a lot of this oil left over .
 My father always used this oil for his guns . I tried it on my guns and my clippers . can beat it .
 There 's not a lot that can be said about hair clipper oil . I bought this when I bought a new set of Wahl Balding Clippers . While I understand that just about any clipper oil will work with any make and model of hair clipper , I feel more comfortable buying oil sold by the same manufacturer that makes my clippers . The price was very reasonable and the four ounce bottle will last me for several years .
 I have to say , `` I hate waste '' , and this is what I will likely have here . I bought this with a Wahl Beard Trimmer that came with a 5 ml -LRB- 1 tsp . -RRB- of oil . Had I noticed that ditty was included with the trimmer , I would have passed on this purchase . 5 ml of oil provides about 100 drops , enough for 6 to 10 months with my trimmer.A 4oz . bottle is 120 ml of oil , 24x what came with the trimmer . A single ounce -LRB- 30 ml -RRB- of oil provides 600 drops ; enough for 3 to 5 years of trimmer use . Not only will a 4 oz . bottle outlast the trimmer , it will likely outlast me ! Further , the trimmer stand has a receptacle for the 5 ml bottle -LRB- which can not be refilled -RRB- . It would make more sense to offer a six-pack of 5 ml vials than this 4 oz behemoth . It is probably nothing more than light mineral oil , but without knowing exactly what it is I 'll end up using it to help keep my garden tools rust-free .
 There is n't much to say about this product other than it is designed to maximize the life of any set of clippers . The lack of oil is what makes most clippers , even good ones dull . I bought this to maximize my dollar because the little sample bottle that comes with clippers only lasts the first few uses while this lasts a year or years .
 Nice big bottle of oil . Lubes my electric clipper with no issues . Good purchase . I have no complaints about this product .
 I used it to oil my clippers basically and they serve the purpose effectively . . Have two wahl clippers , one for shaving and one for barbing my hair . . the oil just work fine for both clippers
 The bottle does n't leak and there 's enough oil in the bottle to last a long time . Great !
 The item is just what was needed for our clippers ... practically impossible to find in stores . Thanks for the quick turnaround and great value !
 The clippers will burn up without this . Make sure you clean your blades with a brush and oil regularly . Extends the life of the machine .
 What can you say about a bottle of oil ? This one does what it is supposed to do . No issue .
 this oil is good , very reasonable , and seems to do all it is meant to do.I use it for many little tasks .
 this was part of buy the tree thanks . I am glad I got this , its good for the price thank you much
 This was a necessary item to be used with a Wahl pet clipper recently purchased . The clippers required periodic oiling and what better product to use than one sold by the manufacturer .
 Will order again to keep the clippers in good working order . Better then using WD-40 or another oil on them . Ca n't beat the price . Definitely would recommend this product .
 I would recommmend this to anyone clipping their own hair or others . This is enough oil to last you a very very long time . Has a twist close nossel to keep oil from dripping out if storing on its side , which i do . Has n't leaked yet .
 i have not used this product yet , but since it is for an electric razor , this one container will probably last forever
 Clipeprs are rust free and also still sharp , does n't get hot from all the friction . nice cheap little oil does wonders and has maintained my clippers quite welll.I use my clippers on dogs and with proper cleaning and oiling I do n't see any issues in the future .
 Bought it when I purchased a Wahl cordless hair clipper , so not much to say about what it does . It 's just oil , but it seems to work fine .
 This is exactly what the description says ... a 4 ounce bottle of oil , a must have if you have a set of Wahl clippers , to keep them in nice working order . I cut my hair once per week , and I oil the clippers probably every other time , so this oil should be enough to last me at least a couple of years or so .
 1 . To keep your clippers lubed .2 . Perhaps more importantly , to clean in between the blades . Go to YouTube and watch some videos of pros using oil to clean their clippers , then buy a bottle of this stuff . Does n't have to be this brand , it 's just what I picked . It does a great job , and I 'll buy it again .
 Delivered quickly with the clippers i order with it . A lot more oil than i thought , considering the clippers only need a little bit this one bottle will probably last a couple of years for me .
 Was running low on clipper oil and purchased this again vs. @ the store due to the price . This will last 2 years -LRB- assuming haircuts 2x/week -RRB- . Keeps the blade sharp and definitely helps lengthen the life of the hair clippers
 Nothing detailed needed for this review . It 's simply 4oz of oil for your Wahl clippers . This will last you the life of your clippers if not longer.I bought it because I have thick hair and oiling my clippers after every use with the standard oil bottle wo n't last you long . This on the other hand will last years.Oil your clipper after every use , keeps it cleaner , sharper and prolongs the longevity of the blades and at this price , it 's well worth it .
 After much difficulty locating clipper oil locally , I was glad to find a resource . Price was right and service was wonderful .
 Masum , Was the actual product of high quality ? Did it do the job for lubricating your clippers as states and extend the life of the clipper blades ? To give the product a 1 star rating because of the package container looks and colors ? Are you for real ???
 Very large container for use , will never run out . Note
 The shavers and trimmers I 've bought have all come with a thin , eyedropper sized container of oil.They 've all leaked and are easy to lose . Considering that one only adds a couple drops of oil to blades and trim heads on occasion , this generously sized bottle of oil should last a lifetime.The oil dispenses neatly from the container and is easy to control . Just twist the top to open and twist again to seal the deal.I use this oil on my two shavers and my hair and beard trimmers with no problems . Regular oiling keeps the appliances working well and the blades sharp .
 Product came exactly as described abouta week after ordering.Disappointed in the dispenser which does notdispense a drop or two of oil at a time.This is the fault of the manufacturer.So instead of using the dispenser , I am usingan eye dropper .
 Smoothed out cutting head movement , they are quieter now and do n't get as hot . Really made significant improvement in my Wahl hair clippers which are used by 3 people and I also use on couple of long haired cats to reduce fur length in summer . Also improved functioning of my Remington beard trimmer . Bottle dispenses easily and not too much at one time.Arrived quickly and in good condition.Recommend Highly .
 Well I do n't see how much of a problem one could have with a bottle of clipper oil . Its clipper oil ... in a bottle ! I went without for a while and could hear the difference in clipper speed immediately after clean up and applying this oil . Thumbs up I guess , the oil worked as oil should !
 The product came quickly and put us back in business.Well worth ordering without going to fifteen stores trying to find it.Thank you !
 Although a small bottle of blade oil came with my order of Wahl Clip and Trim clippers , I ordered this 4-ounce bottle to have on hand because throughout the many years I have used clippers , oiling the blades -LRB- with the right kind of oil -RRB- does make a difference . Not only does the oil extend the blade life but it also keeps the blade from rusting . The blade oil was wrapped and packaged extremely well to prevent leakage ; it arrived on estimated delivery date , and was reasonably priced ... all which makes me a very satisfied customer . As with any oil , make sure the cap is on tight and store the bottle upright .
 Most of the electric razors come with a tiny eyedropper of oil to clean your electric razor with . That did n't last me long so I was in search for a great value since I travel a lot . This product was the biggest I could find and works like a charm . Cleaning and maintaining your electric razor is key to expanding it 's lifespan and getting the closest shave possible . Just twist the top open and squirt a few drops into your electric razor and turn the razor on . Clear any hair shavings that come up and be sure to rinse with water afterwards to insure the best cleaning possible . I have had no problems with my electric razor , but remember to actively clean yours whenever possible !
 The tiny few drops that you get when you buy their clippers is an insult . However , this large bottle will probably last forever and it is very reasonably priced . Good stuff ! I just wish the nozzle was n't so big because it makes the amount being applied a bit hard to control .
 I have used Wahl clippers for about 5 years , so how much money have I saved in hair cuts ? Who knows . I am very pleased with Wahl overall , but if you run out of oil you are out of luck . So do not be caught without plenty of oil . Buy this 4 oz . supply and you are ready for the long haul .
 Title
 I could not find this product in the stores around us . I went online and got it at a great price . It came very quickly to the house .
 Does the job and its a lot of oil considering that I use only a couple drops per week . Makes the shave cleaner and smoother as well .
 I use to lubricate my wahl trimmer ... it does the job well and keep the blade lubricated for a smooth functioning for next time usage .
 I use hair clippers a couple of times a month & got tired of them not working after a few months . This oil keeps the gears and blades smooth running . Just a few drops will do ya ' . The price is allot cheaper then buying new clippers . Well worth the money .
 With this I wont have to keep re-buying ... . it is a good deal for the m o n e y !
 Clippers need a little oil now and then ... and I 'm sure you could sue some other types of quality oil ... but why not use the oil the company wants you to use ? It 's not astronomically expensive , so I choose to use the product they recommend .
 Not much to say about it , it gets the job done . Keeps the clippers from burning your skin . Enough said .
 I bought this product thinking as if it is compatible with Wahl Clipper . It is great lube for your Clippers and it prevents the Trimmer from getting rusted . It is a decent buy for the price !!!
 Ample supply for the price and will last a long time . It is a must and does save the blades .
 I use this clipper to cut my own hair at home . I bought it to replace my old clipper which was not cutting hair well anymore . This clipper does an excellent job . Cuts cleanly . Comes with many different sized attachments .
 This product oils my Wahl clippers very well . The only bad thing about is how much oil comes out at a time . I 'd prefer to use spray than clipper oil
 We 've tried various blade oils over the years and keep coming back to Wahl . We do our own barbering here at the house and have a variety of clippers and shavers . The Wahl 4-Oz Blade Oil works best , does not gum up , and if you take care of it , a single bottle will last for years and it wo n't turn into an oily container that needs to live in a zip lock bag . Simply apply a few drops to your CLEANED clipper , wick up the excess with a corner of paper towel , and have at it . Keep those clippers CLEAN !
 If you want to keep your clippers going for years to come , this is a definite must have for everytime you buzz something . Just a few drops on the blades before and after cutting , and your clippers will stay clean , sharp , and rust-free . This is my second bottle on a set of clippers over 10 years old , and they still look and work good as new .
 The products of Wahl 4-Ounce Blade Oil and Wahl Professional 8110 5-Star Series Balding Clipper , I purchased both items for my home used . And when I used it 's easy , save time and money . I recommendent to everyone this product . This items are really good .
 It 's clipper oil . It keeps your clippers sharp . It 's pretty cheap . Go for it ! It works exactly as intended . Cheaper than driving all the way to the store to get one . I use it on all of our clippers .
 Used a few drops on the blades of my old hair clippers that had caught and pulled my beard when I tried to trim it . After running the clipper for a few seconds the blades were shiny and clean . They trimmed my beard without any problems ; as good as new !
 This works great with my Wahl clippers , and is very reasonably priced for the generous 4 ounce bottle . It should last me quite a while .
 What can I say , it 's oil and it works.I now have shaver oil for the nest 100 years . I could n't be happier .
 It is a large bottle but it will just last you longer . My shaver loves it and I have not had any problems with using it .
 This product is a must need if you own trimmers . It does what it states , and I have been using this oil for years .
 I purchased this clipper oil for my Wahl dog clippers . I have a little bottle that came with the clippers that I like real well . I have purchased a 3 in 1 multipurpose oil from my hardware store that has worked okay in the past but I have been concerned that it might not be good for my clippers . I decided to order a bottle to have on hand to use when the sample bottle runs out .
 How can I not give this product 5 stars ? It 's a reasonably priced , name-brand product ; which should last me for the rest of my life !
 Not much to say about a bottle of oil . It works . There is not much more that can be said .
 I was in such a need for blade oil for my clippers and used this oil and it did the trick .
 i got tired of getting the little pinky size lube with my clippers now for a couple extra bucks i have a life time of it and will probably outlast my clippers lifespan
 interesting product as discribed on there website.I 'm satisfied and I thing I 'll definetly recommande that ptoduct to every one who like to keep his blade oiled
 Wahl equipment -LRB- clipper -RRB- , axiomatically should be lubricated by Wahl Blade oil . It is foolhardy to use any other oil than the one made by manufacturers of the clipper you are using . If you buy a Wahl Clipper like the Wahl Professional 8110 5 star series clipper , which I just purchased from Amazon.com , and recommend to anybody seeking a perfect clipper , it makes utmost sense to also purchase the Wahl 4-ounce Blade Oil to lubricate it and make it perform better . That is what I did . You should too .
 There 's not much to say about this , but the product arrived very quickly and it will keep my clippers running well for years .
 The product is top notch and the price was amazing ! I do not know how they sell it so cheap !
 I do n't have much to say except that I suppose this clipper oil works for what it is meant to be . I suppose I could do a 5 star review , but I am not an expert at this kind of product and not a hair dresser to know if it is any better or worse than anything else . ; o -RRB- Do n't or do take my word for it . It 's up to you !
 The Wahl clipper oil was just what I was looking for . I am very happy with the product and the service .
 I bought this order to keep the clipper 's blades working sharp and smooth . It is a most to protect and keep the blades .
 What can I say it is clipper oil . It works very well and will last for years and it is AMERICAN made .
 Be aware of the size of this . What comes with the clippers is a few milliliters ... this a FOUR OUNCES -LRB- 118ml -RRB- Provided I do n't lose it , I 'm probably set on clipper oil for the remainder of my life .
 The only oil I go with besides WD40 . This is better though . A lot less thick than WD40 . Seems to keep the blades nice and sharp .
 If you order a WAHL Clipper you will probably also want to use WAHL Clipper Oil , And there 's no easier way to get it than to include this with your order for the Clipper .
 it 's oily . . is n't that what oil is supposed to be ; -RRB- Does n't seem any different than vegetable oil . maybe I should taste it
 This Double Diner is exactly what I was looking for ! This stands of the ground at the perfect height for my English Cocker Spaniel and looks great in my home!I have looked everywhere for something that looks good in my home but was n't too &#34; flashy &#34; or overdone and this is it!The bowls are easy to clean and stay in place , They do n't move around while your pet is eating or drinking .
 We have large dogs and I believe it is best to have a raised feeder for them . These are placed outdoors and they look very nice .
 Fast shipping !! The item is as described , and looks very nice in our kitchen ! Plus , our dog makes much less of a mess with the elevated serving system !! Thank you !
 I really , really wanted to like this product . And I researched and researched to try and find the right dish for my kitty , but this was n't it . I 'm very disappointed , but it could be just my weird cat . The metal dishes are actually , quite deep . Too deep for my needs or for my cat 's comfort . Let me back up ... I adopted a stray . She was used to chewing up birds for food , until I started feeding her . Since I moved , I took her with me and am trying to adapt her into civilized eating rituals and normal house living . She 's not buying it . But meanwhile , I wanted to get away from her $ 1 tiny purple plastic feeding/water dish from the grocery store which got the dry food watery and the water bloated with dry food , etc. . So I bought this thinking I 'd use the purple dish for water only -LRB- on both sides -RRB- , and have this dish for her wet and dry food.Unfortunately , it was simply too high for her comfort , she 'd take the food out of the dish in her mouth and eat it adjacent to the dish , spreading food everywhere . And it would take her a long time to get the wet food out of the deep crevices of the dish that she 'd leave some behind , which she never used to do . So I took the bottom feet off -LRB- which you have to assemble when you get the item -RRB- to see if that would lower it enough for her eating comfort . She used it okay after that , but often would lose food in between the dishes , she would drop bite-fuls of wet food and dry in between the two metal bowls and she could n't retrieve it and she generally seemed uncomfortable with the unit altogether . Soon , I could tell she dreaded feeding time due to this contraption.My solution has been to keep the whole unit inside -LRB- where she does n't go because she does n't like to be indoors -RRB- . I pull out one metal dish at a time to feed her the dry food , but now put her wet food on a paper plate so she can get to it easier . I did n't like this at all , although it is very pretty and seems really functional . Guess my cat is just too particular . I gave it 4 stars since it 's so pretty and seems so functional and it 's not the product 's fault that my cat did n't like it .
 loved the stands , it was perfect for my dogs , great size , didnt take us much space , love it and that it came with bowls
 I would recommend this doggie diner ! It 's a perfect size for my Welsh Terrier and looks great too ! Lots of compliments from family and friends !
 I got this product a year ago for my greyhound . She is too tall to eat from a bowl on the floor . This was just perfect and pretty for my girl !!!
 I got tired of the old , ugly , blue food dishes that I bought when we first adopted our pup and wanted something a little more stylish that matched my decor . This is absolutely perfect . It 's sturdy and super simple to put together . I love it . Another plus is my dog would sometimes vomit after drinking water from his old dish that was much lower to the ground and with this one raised up to his level , he has n't vomited at all . So no nasty messes to clean up , yay!I have a Basston -LRB- Basset Hound/Boston Terrier Mix -RRB- and the 1 quart set is the perfect size .
 The dishes are great , they are just how they are pictured . Now if only my puppy would eat out of it while it was in the holder . He is spoiled and eats laying down -LRB- :
 These bowls are great from my golden retreiver and my Newfie . The Newf now only puts her paw in the bowl with these . Bowls on the floor get dumped . Light weight metal bowls , but the holder is pretty heavy and so far so good in the Newfie being unable to topple it . The best thing about these though is they are nice enough to leave out even when company is here . No running around grabbing bowls up and throwing them in the garage .
 This dog bowl holder is very attractive and sturdy . The bowls are deeper than wide .
 Just receive this today and am very pleased with my purchase . It is fairly substantial and quite well made . I have a Jack Russell and I probably could have gone with the smaller version . It could be used without the legs and would look nice that way as well . The bowls certainly hold more than enough for a dog this size . I was seeking something to keep the bowls off my new laminate floor while complementing my kitchen decor . This looks great and functions well .
 I 'm very pleased and satisfied with the form & function of the Elevated Scrollwork Double Diner & BowlElevated Scrollwork Double Diner & Bowls
 I originally need only one set for my large german shephard so that he would not have to bend over so far . I ended up ordering three different sizes based on my three dogs eating habits . Two out of three were made very well and one was a little defective but it still worked . The stainless steel bowls keep their water cool and they have been drinking more of it . So overall my dogs are quite pleased with the purchase and therefore so am I.
 Item is not as sturdy as it appears . Stainless bowls are also fairly thin . For the price however , it has a nice appearance .
 I had been looking for elevated dog bowls that looked nice for a while , but the good ones were just too expensive . I came across this and was so happy . The metal bowls keep my dogs water cool , which she loves . I think the stand looks very nice as well . The bowls are thin , but mine have not dented and I 've had this for almost a year and I take out the bowls to clean and refill them very often . I think it 's great quality for paying a little over 20 bucks!I do want to mention something if your dog is a little skittish . If your dog wears a tag on it 's collar , it will clink against the metal bowls . My dog did n't like the sound , but has gotten used to it . My dog goes back and forth to drink water while she is eating , and her tag got caught between the bowls . I would n't normally mention this , but it has happened 3 times . When her tag gets caught , she pulls back and once both bowls flipped over on her . She was scared of the diner for a month or two , but we are getting her to go back to it now . I am planning on putting some material in the space between her bowls so her tag does n't get stuck again . Just an FYI ...
 I recently purchased a second one of these because I like the first one and have two dogs . One dog developed neck problems and the vet recommended an elevated dish about the same time I purchased the first one . The legs might fall off of the unit when you pick it up , but you can just apply a little outward pressure to them before inserting them into the dish holder for a more snug fit . The 1 qt . bowls are a good size for my 25 lb . dogs ' water and they do n't tip these over .
 This dog bowl not only looks good but takes abuse from my growing German Shep pup . The bowls are strong and easy to clean . This size is fine for pups 10 lbs . and over . The picture shows a full bowl and hard to tell size . More than 10 cups of food fit . Way too much to leave in the bowl . If you feed your pup 1 or 3 times a day it is great . Bend legs outward a little before putting into upper frame . It will keep legs from falling out .
 Great size for our little beagle ! So cute and decorative -LRB- not just an ugly old dog bowl -RRB- . LOVE IT !
 It 's a good product , with the stainless steel bowls being a decent quality weight for the price . Unfortunately for me , the size does n't work for my dog . They 're deep one quart bowls , not the flatter type . The circumference is small . I think this stand should be labeled for animals up to 25lbs . definetely not meant for my 50lb dog . Plus , the height is too short to be of any benefit for a larger dog .
 this was the perfect size to keep our shorkie from eating the black labs food . Very sturdy and well made .
 i sent this home for a xmas present for our family dog . It looks wonderful in the house since it does not look like a regular dog dish .
 This was exactly what I was looking for a great price !!! I also received it quick . My dog loves it he does not have to bend down to eat anymore .
 This is the most attractive doggie diner I have seen anywhere near this price range . Great Quality , great buy . No regrets .
 I probably orderd a bit too large of dishes but this is well made , does not topple over with my sheltie eating or drinking out of it and it just the right size height wise for my little guy . I do think raised feeders are a better way for dogs to eat and digest their food better . Very pretty and I keep mine in the kitchen . I only wish the sturdy stainless was a ceramic made bowl instead , but I was aware they were stainless steel when I ordered this set . Like I said , this is a well-made feeder and I do like it a lot . . functional as well as a nice set to have in the kitchen .
 My new sheltie puppy who is five months -LRB- and approximately 13 inches high - her shoulder blade height -RRB- old loves her food bowls . I love the fact that she does n't have to bend down to eat her food . It is a nice looking set and it is better than having the bowls directly on the floor . Even though I give this a five star rating , one of the legs came in a little `` off '' and the bowl holder would n't stay in place . My hubby fixed it and it works beautifully . I am going to add pictures to show the use of the bowls ! I recommend this product for any dog owner who wants to have their dogs enjoy their food in a `` good posture '' and want something that is nice to have around the house .
 We have a large lab mix who is a rambunctious eater so I was hoping for something she could n't tip over and something that would n't show slobber and other dirt easily - BINGO ! I got exactly what I was looking for - the bowls are easy to clean and the stand itself does n't tip or show dirt . It was easy to put together because the four legs just insert - no tools , no force . And it stands up to my 80 pound dog without tipping or spilling . We use both bowls for food - keeps her searching back and forth between the two just in case she missed a piece . This set is the perfect size for feeding . If you have a less energetic eater you could probably get away with one bowl for food and one for water although you would probably need another water bowl or you 'll be refilling this one more frequently .
 very attractive looking , use it in my kitchen . just have to remember to hold on to the legs when you pick it up .
 Purchased this for a friend of mine , his dog loves it , and so does my friend ! lol . Replaces an ugly bowl sitting on the floor for the dog into something nice !
 This is a great company as the product came in a timely fashion and was just like the picture . My Boxer just loves it & even shares with the cat.Thank-you , Paula
 This is an attractive , durable option for an indoor feeder . My dog is about 50 lbs and I 've had this for about a year . Still looks great and my dog is a mess . Would definitely recommend !
 Decent quality item , fits fairly well together . Bowls are a nice finish stainless steel . Did a surface test on mine for lead , came back lead free .
 For under $ 20 , I 'm very happy with this set . The legs install within a few seconds and mine sits evenly on the floor . No wobbling here . The bowls are on the thin side but stainless , so they should last a long time with proper care . It 's the perfect height for a miniature schnauzer or similar size breed . I chose this over the pint size because it will hold more water and I do n't have to worry about him running out too quickly . Plus this was cheaper than the pint size set when I bought it . Recommended .
 Bought this Scroll Work Double Diner 2-Quart dish set for our 50-pound lab/terrier mix . He loves it ! Seriously , this is an excellent product . Decent quality for the price . Glued rubber feet to the underside to keep it from scratching hardwood floor . Highly recommended product for sure !
 I received these dishes in a very timely matter . I was initially concerned about the quality since the price is so low , but was very pleasantly surprised . My dogs have been using these for two weeks and I have no issues with either the dishes or the stand . I originally purchased the 3qt for my english bull dog and lab . The height of the 3qt was a perfect height for my lab -LRB- bowls are very big though -RRB- but too tall for my english bulldog . The 2qt is a perfect height for my bulldog and works well for my lab too . I like the 2qt bowl size much better .
 We ordered this set for our Golden Retriever -LRB- Sadie Rose -RRB- , and overall I 'd say they are fine . The bowls are very large , and the stand is made from cast iron . Very easy to put together , simply insert the wire legs into the stand . It is too tall for puppies , but a decent `` off the floor '' choice for a larger dog .
 This set is great ! It prevents the water bowl from being sloshed around and the dog from chasing the food dish across the floor while she 's eating . Everything stays in one place and at a more comfortable height for medium and larger dogs . It is also very attractive and the bowls are sturdy and easy to clean . I would buy this again .
 I read a lot of reviews so I knew what to expect . The legs did just fall out , but a little stretching of them before insertion was all it took to keep them in place . It does wobble a bit , but not too much and easily fixable with a little felt pad . I was very unsure of the size I needed . The 1-Quart seemed litke it was going to be too small , but I did not want a huge dish for our MIni Golden Doodle . This is perfect . She is still a puppy right now , but this dish will easily hold the two cups of food that she will be fed as an adult . I did not put the legs on for the first month that we had her because it was a bit high and she would hit her collar on the metal bowl and get scared . She is a bit larger now and no longer afraid if it makes any noise . The transition to the legs was seemless .
 my dog took awhile to get used to it -LRB- she is very sensitive to new things like this -RRB- but we like it a lot and she is coming to like them as well
 Bought two of these for our dogs , and they are working great , good quality , and it came with two metal bowls , which we did n't realize . Our dogs are both 50 pounders , so we bought the 2qt size .
 I just bought this and love it . I like that it matches my Decor and the Cats seem to like it too which is the main thing . It 's also easy to clean . My other water and food bowls were bulky and a pain to wash so this is nice for a change.I rate this item 4/5 stars simply because the larger bowl sizes do n't come with a taller frame . I love having the choice of bowl sizes , and this item has definitely relieved me of having to refill the dog water bowl every 30 minutes , but I feel it 's a bit short for her size and she 's only going to grow bigger . Still a solid product for the price , however .
 I love this dish . it looks awesome . I have a doberman , and I bought a quart size dish and its too small . Will be exchanging for a larger one . A very nice product , just as pictured
 great dish , using this one for dogs , and the other for my catsI like that it is high off the ground and it is great for easy clean up .
 I wanted to give you the information that everyone else failed to mention . The dimensions of this product are 20 `` W x 9.5 `` D x 9.875 `` H . The bowls are 8.75 '' diameter x 3 '' deep and are a thin gauge stainless which can be easily dented , but for $ 23 I ca n't complain . This is good for medium to large dogs.I do like the design of the frame which seems sturdy . You only have to slide the left and right legs into the tubing of the frame , set the bowls in -LRB- after washing of course -RRB- and you are done.I would give it 4.5 stars if I could.Razz
 The set is cast iron with stainless steel bowls and for the money is a great value . However , the quick description says 18 inch . One would assume naturally that is Height measurement but it is actually Length description . Furthermore , on the listing page if you look further down it says details and gives the dimensions of all the sets . For this particular set they have it listed as 4.5 '' in Height . However , our measurement assembled is 7 inches in Height . That 's actually better for a larger dog -LRB- we have Belgian Tervuren 's and my boy is 70 lbs . and 27 '' at the top of his shoulders -RRB- so we were happy for that matter . The dish is actually better suited for my female who was half his size and weighed 40lbs -LRB- we just lost her to bladder cancer -RRB- . Other than that it 's a great deal and looks nice on the floor as well.For the sellers , it would be good if you listed your measurements appropriately noting that Height is the biggest factor in determining size for a dog . I would have given 5 stars if not for this error .
 I purchased this item for my new puppy . Its a bit large for a puppy , but I know he will grow into it . For the price , it is a great value . The stainless steel bowls are durable and easy to clean . The legs on the scroll stand are removable , so I started out using it without the legs until my puppy grew a little bit . The item looks elegant , much nicer than the standard plastic bowls I 've used in the past . Great value .
 This pet dish set is wonderful , I love it and our Siberian Husky loves it.The metal framework is very well made as well as being stylish and ornate . So much nicer than the average ugly , boring plastic dishes !! The stand literally took seconds to put together and it 's solid , steady . Because of the design , it 's very easy to vacuum around , no more sloshing water on the floor to sweep or vacuum ! This is one set of dishes that my `` pushy '' dog ca n't slide all over the floor while eating and due to the raised height , he no longer has to lay on the floor to eat comfortably . I was worried the bowls would be thin and flimsy but they are just as solid and sturdy as the stand and they clean easily . This pet dish set is an excellent value , a top notch product for a fantastic price and I highly recommend it .
 Was a great height for my cocker spaniel which is keeping her head level with her food instead of her being over for it .
 as our dog grows , so did her food supply ! when we first got her we werent really prepared it was a rescue situation so we ran to the store and got the quickest food and water dish available . we never really upgraded until now . Well I love this , it looks very elegant , as far as food/water dishes can look . The one we were using was somewhat small and she was dragging it across the kitchen floor , with this she cant do it , and she loves it ! She can easily access her food and water . I love how clean looking they both are , and they dont leave messes all over the place ! Its easy for me just to use a papertowel and wipe underneath as well . The assembly was super easy , and I think all of us are completely satisfied.The only thing I would suggest to the seller is take newer better pics between the smaller and the larger dishes for comparison . The pics you have make them look exactly the same size .
 EAsy to assemble , and turned out to be the perfect height for myEnglish Cocker . looks pretty nice too .
 I have been looking for raised food bowls for both my dogs . But did not wish to buy two of them because of our limited space in my kitchen . It works wonderful for my husky-chow mix and my boxer female as they both share it . They are both big dogs but my male husky is much bigger in length and just as tall as my boxer . They both eat together so it works out well for them . The only thing when purchasing I was afraid of that it would not be tall enough for them as nothing is stated in the description of it . I think that is essential when looking for an item like this cause you never know . I made a gamble , but it turned out great . Also , it is not even on my tile flooring but serves its purpose of getting my dogs to eat at a much better level than bending their necks , this aids in all dogs digestion , so very important for me . They love it and so do I !
 This is a great product . We use it everyday . Has nice big bowls . Was everything it claimed to be . Vendor was very quick . Would buy from them again .
 Exceptional quality . Ca n't ask for more for only a little over 20 bucks . Quailty product and very classy looking . Would highly recommend !
 We have 3 cats that we got this for . The bowls hold more than they can eat in a day . It 's very decorative and easy to clean with the added bonus of being off the floor so I can sweep under it . Held back 1 star because we had to cut the legs down so that it would be a comfortable height for the cats .
 This is a great bowl set . It works for our 12 week old pup . He will get much taller and we 've already raised it for him . He was slouching over . They are super easy to clean . They seem a bit thin but it works and the dog likes the elevated dog bowls .
 This was just the right height for my 55lb . dalmation . It 's easy to put together , just attach the legs . The stainless steel bowls are a great size and easy to keep clean .
 Good product . Legs do not stay in base when you pick it up to clean behind it , etc. . Otherwise , exactly what I needed .
 This set is perfect for our boxer , who eats a lot and , thus , needed a big bowl . It has held up well for the 10 months or so we 've had it . It also looks nice -LRB- it 's in our kitchen -RRB- and is a good height for a large dog .
 This set was exactly what I was hoping for ... . and at a great price . Its tall enough for my 70lb dog and goes great with my decor . The included bowls are very big .
 I have 2 mini-schnauzers and 1 toy poodle . I wanted something attractive that I could leave out all the time , not get stepped on or knocked over.This really fits the bill . It is sturdy , attractive , and functional . I worried about it being too tall for my toy poodle -- it works just fine . For small dog owners -- you do not have to attatch the legs , it can sit directly on the floor if it is too tall for your dog -- if I had known this I would not have hesitated to purchase it . A truly great design especially with the versatility of leaving the legs off . 2 quart design is perfect for my three small dogs , but I realize that because you can leave the legs off , I could have gotten even the three quart size ! Thanks for a great product !!!!!!
 I was very pleased upon receiving this item . It is very attractive and easy to clean .
 Very sturdy and good looking set . Bought this for my Staffy and he loves it . Fast delivery too .
 Great quality . Not much to say other than that . We have a 55 lb dog , and it is perfect . Could handle up to a 130 lb dog easy .
 I love this raised dog bowl set . It 's the perfect height for my Shiba Inu who 's about 14 1/2 -15 inches tall at the withers . Of course it 's really easy to clean because the bowls are stainless steel and as a whole it 's really light weight . It also does n't move around when he eats , which I was wondering about before I bought it . The only reason why I did n't give it a 5/5 stars is because when you pick the whole thing up , you have to remember to pick it up from the legs because if you do n't they will fall out . That was annoying . Other than that it 's great , it 's attractive and you ca n't beat the price compared to similar items .
 I WAS HESITANT ABOUT THIS PURCHASE AFTER READING THE 1-2 STAR REVIEWS , HOWEVER , FOR THE PRICE I TOOK A CHANCE AND AM THRILLED THAT I DID.IT IS THE PERFECT SIZE FOR MY YORKI AND AND YORKIPOO.ASSEMBY TOOK 3 SECONDS YOU JUST CONNECT THE ENDS AND THAT 'S IT.VERY SLEEK AND MODERN DESIGN.I 'M GOING TO PURCHASE THE BONES AND STRIPES SKID PROOF BOWLS FOR THE FUTURE AS THEY WILL ADD A FEW INCHES TO THE TOP.IT REALLY IS WELL WORTH THE MONEY ... : -RRB-
 I thought this product was great for my cats . I have no complaints . It is just the right size . No big deal at all putting the legs on .
 I love this bowl set . It 's nice to look at and I like having my cat 's food and water off the ground . Easy to clean under and has held up just fine -- I 've had it about 10 months now .
 I received this item very quickly and it was just perfect . I was pleased with the transaction and the product .
 This is definitely a good buy . The price is lower and the quality is much better than the one Petsmart is selling . My pets and I are very pleased with this purchase .
 I love this Elevated Scrollwork Double Diner , and my 3 cats love it too . I had no problems with assembly and I love the bowls - they are light weight and easy to handle , even when full of water . My 3 cats like it because they do n't have to bend down to the floor to eat or drink , and they seem to really like that better . We like the product so much that I ordered an additional set so I would have two bowls for water and two bowls for food . Now there is no bickering between the cats .
 `` pretty happy with this , dog loves it . However what I didnt catch in the description was that some assembly is required . My very excited son opened the box and assembled it upside down when Iwas in the other room . It is a bit hard to take apart since it snapped into place -LRB- making it very sturdy once correctly done -RRB- . This was very annoying and time consuming to fix . However Once that was all settled it was wonderful I love the look of it . And it is just tall enough that the cats do n't steal all the dogs food . Just be careful when you put it together instructions are a bit hinky
 Durable for our Greyhound . Just the right size . Just an idea , list size info in a little more detail .
 I 've had mine now for over 4 years and use it regularly at agility and obedience trials and seminars with my Standard Poodle . Because it folds flat and zips into a carrying bag , it packs easily since you can stack luggage , etc. on top . As with all soft-sided crates , you have to have a dog with good crate manners -LRB- best taught in a wire or hard plastic crate -RRB- , since none of these soft-sided crates will stand up to chewing or serious pawing and scratching.This crate is easy to set up -- you just zip the front and back zippers to make the dome shape . It goes up and down much more quickly than many of the crates where you have to insert poles into the corner supports . The vent flaps roll up and secure with Velcro . The air vents are not especially large , so it is an excellent portable crate for indoors when it is air-conditioned or outdoors when the temperatures are moderate . I do not use mine outdoors in the summertime . There is no easy way to add a fan for cooling , nor does it have a strap to secure a water bucket . On colder , gusty days it provides great protection from the elements . The plus side to the smaller vents is that there is a lot of privacy so the dog can get a good nap .
 We 've been using the large Pet Home for our large dog -LRB- ~ 65lb shepherd mix -RRB- for a few years now . It 's very durable and our dog loves it . He is not a chewer , but he did spend one stressed-out 4th of July clawing at the front mesh door for hours , and it held up fine . It 's a good size for our dog - he can stand up and turn around easily . If he sprawls out when sleeping then he does bump up against the ends , because he 's a long dog , but he does n't seem cramped . It only takes about a minute for one person to set up , and is light enough for one person to carry easily . Folds down to less than 2 '' thick . We use it as a bed for our dog when we travel .
 This portable Pet Home is as advertised . It is extremely light and comes with a carrying bag making it ultra-portable . However , if you have a dog that will make an effort to escape , they will . Tip
 I think this tem is very well priced and very nice for dogs
 This carrier is perfect for 2 of my dachshunds to be in when we go to agility class or trials . It pops up in seconds and folds flat again just as quickly . I have n't left them unsupervised so do n't know how sturdy it might be with a determined chewer or digger , but it 's suited our purpose just great !
 High Quality and perfect item for pets . Will not be disappointed as it durable to be long lasting for years . Extremely portable and very safe for pet.I have the giant size for a Neufoundland as well as this new medium one for cocker spanial ... both love it and feel very safe and comfortable !
 great item , very sturdy , cost more than soft crates in big box stores but is much better quality . will last .
 I like the product as i can pack it away each morning . My puppy only sleeps in it at night . However they need to improve on the zippers , one side keeps separating .
 It is a very big dog house for a little shih tzu dog , but he instantly loved it when he saw that it was his new dog house . He slept in his new house on the first night . Since it looks more like a camping dog house , we put a towel to cover the roof to keep it warm for him to sleep . Also put a blanket on the floor of dog house to make it warmer and keep the included flooring clean .
 I bought two of these to house my cats for the long drives across South Dakota . The cats really seem to enjoy the soft padding on the floor , and the multiple roll-up window pieces . They are roomier than the traditional plastic pet carriers . One draw back is that these are not very convenient as pet carriers for trips to the vet , etc. . They are not as easy to cart around as the hard plastic pet taxis . But , used as homes or travel homes , they are roomy and attractive . A plus -- they fold up easily to store .
 This kennel is great ! it folds up like a brief case then effortlessly pops up into the doggie home . I bring it everywhere so my puppy has a safe place to be no matter where we are . my 30lb dog is a perfect fit , he loves this little space and snuggles into the soft cushion floor whenever he is tired wherever we are .
 We borrowed a carrier just like this from our friends for a weekend trip . We have 2 cats . They had enough room for a small liter box and their food bowl . We immediately came home and ordered one for us ! It is a great product . I really like that once we are home it folds up in its storage bag and I can easily tuck it away till I need it again .
 I have a mini Dachshund . The portable ped home is roomy and comfortable for her . I zip her in at night and she is content . I recommend this product .
 I priced the exact same item at our local `` big box '' pet store , and saved about $ 25 ordering online -LRB- including shipping -RRB- .
 Purchased this for my Yorkie/toy poodle puppy rather than the traditional metal crate . After about a month he has managed to rip the seams on the fleece insert on the bottom about half way off , and he chewed a small hole in the front flap , just barely large enough to fit his snout through . I believe chewing the mesh-like material irritates him though , as he can be heard sneezing when he tries to chew it , and he has since given up . Another thing to note is that the windows and front flap do n't let a ton of light in , and in a moderately well lit room , it 's fairly hard to even make out the form of the dog , much less see what he 's up to.In summation , I believe this is a great item for transporting pets due to it 's lightness , easy assembly , and sharp looks . However , if you are looking to crate train a puppy , I would recommend going with the traditional metal crate since 1 -RRB- the dog will be able to see around the room much more easily and feel like part of the family , 2 -RRB- they are virtually indestructible , and 3 -RRB- most metal crates have an adjustable panel in the middle to better fit the size of your animal as it grows .
 I 've been using this carrier for several years for one of my cats . I love it ! It works great and it 's easy and quick to set up from its folded flat state .
 We used the product for a recent car trip from Arizona to Washington . We had our two cats in it and it worked out perfectly . It was very convenient for taking it in and out of the car at the hotel . It is very easy to break down for storage in the carrying case.Great product !!
 This was one piece of a 2 piece purchase . The product was very well made , exactly as described in the listing and the shipping was almost immediate . Thank you very much !!!
 I have four dogs , and a rotating crew of foster dogs and have tried countless products over the year for scrapes , cuts , dog/cat bites and skin tears . This product is hands down the BEST product for dog injuries that I have ever used . I have lent out bottles to other foster parents and they have liked it so much that they are disciples of it now , too . I wo n't go a day without having at least one bottle in the house -LRB- they have a tube of the same product in a gel form that is great too , especially for larger cuts -RRB- . One bottle usually lasts me four to five months.This spray is easy to apply and a little bit goes a long way . The collagen in the product helps wounds not just heal but actually CLOSE UP ! It is so great to see a cut start to close up in a day or two -LRB- as opposed to using just a regular topical antibiotic -RRB- . It is important to clean the wound before applying because of this product 's ability to close up the wound.Some of my dogs do n't seem the mind the taste of it , and will try to lick it off . However , the majority of my dogs do n't like the taste of it and do n't try to lick it off after I apply it .
 This stuff is great . I have a cat that has an open sore due to skin cancer . We 've been using it on him regularly and he is n't bothered by the use and it keeps it from getting infected . I would have given it 5 stars except it really does n't keep him from licking at it . We still have to bandage it tightly to keep him from worrying at it .
 She 'd been chewing on her paw for weeks insatiably and nothing could stop her . Then one day I happened to see a blurb for Trophy spray appearing on my Amazon page . After reading about it , I decided it was worth a try.Piper did n't mind having her foot sprayed with the Trophy that seemed to put a protective coating over the injury on her paw pad . She still would go after the pad after it was sprayed so usually I covered her paw with a little sock after it was sprayed . Within five days she stopped the chewing and the pad has healed nicely.So glad I bought and tried this product.Below is a link to the socks that we really like also.Como Pet Dog Puppy Socks w. Crown Pattern 6.7 x 3.2 cm
 Owning dogs , this is a product I will not be without . Always good to have on hand .
 I 'm basing my rating on all the ratings the product got on Cabela 's from avid hunters whose dogs have been cut up in the field . They raved about it and some even used it on themselves .
 Power-Glo is my favorite flourescent bulb for acrylic freshwater tanks -- not too blue and not yellow , a very good looking full spectrum bright white in an acrylic tank . -LRB- In a glass tank , it looks much bluer -- too blue for my taste . -RRB- It is similar to the Aqua-Glo in color temperature -LRB- 18K -RRB- , but the Aqua-Glo lacks the yellow green component of the Power-Glo spectrum and looks purplish by comparison to the Power-Glo . The Power-Glo also puts out a third more lumens than the Aqua-Glo and is much brighter .
 Unfortunately , I ca n't say what this looks like in comparison to any other specific light , but I can say that it looks great . I replaced an unknown bulb which was 2 years old , and everything in my tank looks more than just brighter now ; it looks more vibrant . The blue background art , the green plants , the yellow rocks , and the orange fish ... all of them look bluer , greener , yellower , and oranger , respectively.Would another light have achieved the same effect ? Maybe . But the point is , this is the one I bought and that 's how it performed . I 'm happy , and I 'd buy it again . I 'm not sure how much benefit there really is to over-thinking your aquarium light purchase . Just buy one that works , and trust me when I say that this one does .
 These little felt mice are a big hit with my cats and all their cousins . They love to pull them out of the toy box and drag them around and the boys especially like to stomp on them and `` kill them '' Some of the best loved ones are barely little wisps of felt at this point and still get lots of play .
 These are great , just wish the price was a little lower ; -RRB- I like the slightly larger size on these and the felt material is perfect for a cat toy . My cat loves them !
 I have peacock cichlids , which do love algae but the light is not quite strong enough to turn algae green , instead it stays brown ... started adding more oxygen to see if it would turn green ... but not working ... most people will see this as a benefit and probably my initial thought was to slow the algae growth ... so I bought this light . My fish like the algae and I am going for a little more natural look so ... I may need to step up and buy a stronger light that is good for plants too . This is an excellent light and came to my house quickly and all in one piece which is an accomplishment all on its own .
 We use this for a 10 gallon tank . The light it casts is slightly blue , at least as compared to our previous bulb . No complaints .
 My aquarium came with a flourescent bulb that was a ` soft white/yellow color ' . I did n't like it at all . This new bulb has made a world of diference to the aquarium ! The water looks clean and blue and the colors of the fish seem so much brighter and reflective under the new bulb . I definitely recommend this bulb .
 I was in love with this light the moment I turned it on . It seems like its not as bright as a daylight bulb but because of the nature of the light the fish and tank in general actually seemed better illuminated . My yellow Labidochromis still look nice but not glaring like they did with the daylight bulb . The blues of the Yellow-tailed Acei are especially enhanced and the Zebra Obliquidens are stunning.Definitely measures up to the hype . An excellent bulb for African cichlids .
 These are definetly our shih tsu 's favorite snack . We call them `` Best Boys '' because he always gets 2 when he has been home alone and has been a good boy .
 This Cat Condo is well made with new carpet and wood . My cats small to large like to sit on top as well as go inside . This however , is not for very large cats , because all they can do is sit on the top part of the condo . However , it 's a great price and keeps them busy . Also , cheaper then Walmart , and if your Amazon Prime you get free shipping , which is a plus!I purchased 3 of them and there all holding up well . What 's nice is you can keep this piece of cat furniture clean with a portable carpet steamer because the carpet is nice strong carpet .
 I think it is very important for people to know this cat condo is Made in the USA . I am extremely careful about the things I use for my cats . The safety of items for my cats is one of my top priorities . I love that this is made in the USA and does not have any weird , strong smells . I always check out tags and I will always choose USA products over China products . This product smells good , is made well and the cat I gave this to loves it.Update
 Its a good condo . Ill probably buy another for my other cat . The only reason it was given a 4 out of 5 was the lose carpet fibers around the edge . They started to come out right out of the box . That being said , I really dont think too many of them will come out , so I wouldnt worry about it too much . The inside walls are heavy duty cardboard , not covered in carpet . No big deal . The main thing that I wasnt thrilled about was directly on the inside , opposite of the opening , there were several staples poking through the cardboard . I folded a paper towel and covered it with some duct-tape . Problem solved . It just seemed kinda odd . Maybe it was just mine ? At any rate , as I said , problem was solved . Great kitty home . Still going to buy another .
 We just `` adopted '' one of the feral cats that live outside in our yard . And we got her this condo . From the moment I put it out there she LOVED it . It is big enough for her to fit into it and feel safe and separated from our 3 dogs . It works great for us !
 I know this cat condo is for cats , but my bunny rabbit loves them . This product can withstand chewing & eating & scratching .
 My cats were not interested in this at first . After I put some cat nip on it , they checked it out . All 3 of my cats enjoy it . They mainly sleep on the top or one of them jumps on top to be higher than the other cat while playing . They have gone inside , but will not stay inside very long . My 10-11 pound cats do fit inside , but it 's not very roomy . It gets used so I am happy .
 This is nice and sturdy . Will stand up to much use . Pay mind to the size . It 's great for the average kitty , but some of the big guys might only hang out on top . My BIG kitties , lay on top for a bit , but hang over too much to be comfortable so they move.I have bigger condo 's , but wanted some for the smaller cats who really like to `` hole '' up . This fits the bill.If you want one in this size range , it 's a very good deal . Nice looking and should fit with any decor.Wooden botton allowed me to screw it to a shelf ... high up near the ceiling without fear it will fall . Have purchased several and can recommend .
 This just arrived today . My other cat , Skylar has taken over the box it came in . Roger is a blind cat that was rescued from a hoarding situation along with 35 others . He loves his condo and his exercise pen and his ramp down to the community where he is getting to know the other adoptees .
 This is small so be sure to look at the measurements . When we first opened the box , we thought we made a mistake because it was smaller than we aniticpated . We have 2 average size cats . They love it ! You know how cats try to squeeze into boxes that are too small for them ? Same results here . They 've figured out how to fit their bodies into the bottom and swat at one of the dogs when they get near -LRB- fun play -RRB- and other times lay on the top level with parts of them dangling over.If the cats are happy , then we are happy .
 I have a single and a two level cat condo . Each has a window that is just two inches above the top rim . They are constantly occupied by sunning cats . By the way , this is a bit off subject but I found that vertical blinds work best with curious cats . The top condominium allows the cat to attack drooping tails and look like Snoopy observing the lower level . I periodically need to clear out the lower level of all the small items missing around the house . The cats prefer the cardboard scratch pads so I guess the condos will last for generations .
 When I first brought Cee Cee home , she , who had been living in the scary outdoors , discovered that this well-built cat condo was a GREAT place to hide from the scaaary humans -LRB- she has since gotten over her fears and is just a happy little cat now -RRB- . It was dark in there . Cee Cee is dark -LRB- tortie -RRB- , and it would take me a while to figure out that in order to find her , I needed to bend waaay down and look inside this carpeted hidey hole -- and when I did I usually saw two big wiiiide green eyes staring back at me.Cee Cee is skinny . She is the only cat who can fit in here , all nicely curled up and happy . Big Bad Baby Twinkle is about as wide as the diameter of this cat condo -LRB- well , I am exaggerating but not by much , and no she is not overweight , just huge -RRB- , ergo , she has enough cat-sense to know that it just ai n't gon na work for her . But the carpeted exterior is great for claw sharpening for both cats .
 The cats really like these , up and down , in and out and snoozing on top . I 'd give them 5 stars but think a denser carpet might have been a bit better .
 I have been looking for this style thermometer forever ! I was so happy to receive this just as advertised and in a short amount of time . Thanks !
 Very inexpensive , but nicely made . got this for my dog who only has 3 legs . She looks adorable in it when sitting in the car or walking . very cute and nicely made for the price .
 I wanted something simple , and this turned out to be just what I wanted and it is a better product than I expected . However , my cat is 10 months old , and I am having a hard time training him to use it . Funny thing , I sprinkled fresh capnip on the pole to entice him to use it . He looked like a woman in a burlesque show ; he climbed , went around and around the pole , was upside down sometimes , then right side up , and went nuts . It was hillarious . I hope to get him trained soon to protect my furniture and carpet .
 My cat loves his new scratching post ! He spends a considerable amount of time scratching and playing with it . My only complaint , the carpet on the post unravels quickly becuse Akil has very sharp claws ! All in all , a good product , would purchase again !
 my cat loves the post but kept pulling it over due to the base being made of a light weight material . i have to set a kettle bell on the other side for her to use it and not tip it over
 My cats are very happy that you had this Scratch Post . they had totally worn out a similar one . But , all of the ones in the retail stores were too skinny , too short and made of inferior material . They love this one !
 My cat says ... `` scratch ! scratch ! scratch ! '' ... he loves it . Works good , seems to be holding up nicely . Decent quality and a good price .
 my cat -LRB- midnight -RRB- was scraching my furniture , no matter how I sprayed , he would find other furniture , SO I ORDERED ur scratch pole , no more problem , he luv it and it worked perfecly .
 We have two small kittens , and this is the perfect size and height for them to `` attack '' - it keeps them away from the furniture
 My cats kept scratching my couch even after I bought them this post but nothing that a little catnip could n't take care of ! They now only go to the post which makes both me and them very happy ! : -RRB-
 The cats love it and if they do who can complain ? Its a little ruff on my nails though ! LOL ! Just kidding ! Its compact and does what it needs to do and is holding up to my two ferocious mutant cats extremely well .
 I do n't know if you 've ever tried giving a pill to a cat -- it 's not easy . I have to give my cat a pill everyday for the rest of her life and at first we did the pinch the cheek , shove the pill in and hope that the cat does n't spit it back out or bite my finger off . We thought it was working until we found a little pile of pills in her bed . This piller definatly makes things easier but it 's not without faults . You still need two people to make this work . One to hold the cat , another to use the piller . It 's really not made for tiny pills and as it turns out we ended up using the salmon method of giving the pill . Take pill , put it in a piece of salmon , give to cat . Much easier .
 love this item . it 's small and easy to give my dog her pill and she does n't fight me . Will order more when needed.Thanks
 I have been using Algae Fix in my fish pond for two years now . I have a 10,000 gallon koi pond with no fancy filtration system other than a couple of large settling basins that are part of the waterfall & cascades . My pond contains several water features , is well aerated and has good circulation . Algae fix works great at controlling all types of algae & is easy to use . Most important of all - I have not had any fish to die or become stressed , and my pond plants are thriving .
 I have found that this is the only product that will manage the string algae in my pond . My pond is about 700 gallons and at its deepest , it 's 20 '' . In the summer the water warms , which can produce a terrible algae bloom . With regular dosing , the Algae Fix keeps my stream and pond string algae free .
 i have a 8000 gal . pond with fish and plants . i have had a problem with alge forevrer . this works you do have to use it regularly . well worth the money
 I have used Algaefix several times ; it is the only thing that clears up the string algae in my pond/waterfall . Some other products may help to avoid the problem , but once the algae is -LRB- inevitably -RRB- growing , this product is the only one that actually clears up my pond . GREAT STUFF !!
 This is a very good product which has worked to clarify our pond for many years , and through Amazon the cost is the best .
 Very happy with product . Have used before . The only thing is you have to be careful with the amount you use . I have noticed the fish tend not to eat for a couple of days after using the product
 This stuff is wonderful . We fought algae all summer in our pond - so much we could n't enjoy the fish . We bought this product from a local business and were amazed at how quickly it worked . Buying it on-line was 1/2 !! of the cost we paid locally . We 're using it as directed and it has had no ill effects on our fish or aquatic plants . Our water looks great and we can finally see our fish again . But then so can the blue herons and other predators that are having them for dinner , but that 's another story ...
 I 've tried other costly products to rid my pond of snails like Anhors Away which is no longer availiable . I have 54 Koi ranging from 2 ' to 8 '' in my backyard 4k pond and use Algae Fix for my Discus 35gal Aquarium indoors at 1 drop per gallon every week afer a 5gal . water change without any side effects . Anchors Away they claim is hazardous to snails and crayfish only to have return shortly after the treatment is over . I put Algae Fix with the treament of Anchors Away and noticed the small cone shaped snails start to float to the surface dead . I thought maybe I got a strong batch of Anchors Away or the dosage was sronger since I was only adding it to my bog that holds 150 gallons compared to my pond that holds 4K . The bog cleared up and treated the pond with Achors Away so I thought it was a good chance to see if the snails were gone . Since I did n't treat the rest of the pond with Algae Fix the snals returned within two weeks . Then I decided to experiment and tried Algae Fix by itself since I could no longer get Anchors Away . Using the instructions on the Algae Fix container I started to notice that the snail count was coming down . Within a week I only saw one snail in the vortex filter I used on my two bottom drains coming in from the 4K pond . Then about the following week I noticed a large adult snail so I decided to continue a three week treatment , after that I used Algae Fix here and there . I 've gone about a month with no Algae Fix additions and no sign of snails . My pond was snail free until put some plants that come with snails in them , thinking that a few snails might be good for the pond . That was till they over populated my filter tanks , and I read that dead snails were toxic to my water column . This product is unsurpassed in killing algae , string algae as well as algae bloom . You may see some brown water that is due to dead algea that must be removed and 10 % water change is suggested . My pond is direct sunlight so getting algae to grow is no problem . I do believe there should be algae on the sides of the pond but I hate to see green water . Be sure to have STRONG AERATION with air stones , since dying algae comsumes lots of oxygen , watch fish to see if they are gasping for air at the surface of pond this is a strong indication the water is lacking sufficent oxygen in water becareful follow instructions .
 I have used Algae Fix once a week in my pond and it has kept the algae in check , unlike last year when I got behind and then tried to cure the problem .
 i have purchased Algaefix from other stores and this is the best price . Algaefix helps cut back on all the green stringy Alage since our ponds have a lot of sun .
 I have tried SAB , and other products , but none does the job like Alagefix . It knocks out string alage and keeps my 4000 gallon pond , 20 foot stream , & waterfall clean and clear , but yet keeps the eco-system in check . It is not harmful to my fish or my cat who likes to drink out of the pond -LRB- I think he likes to do a little fishing of his own , but luckly he is not very good at it -RRB- . I usuallly add about a 1/2 cup in the skimmer once a week or every other week depending upon the weather conditions . It nice to find a product that does what it claims to do.DKH
 I have researched and tried several products that claim to control string algae and green water algae . This is the best product I 've ever tried . Our fish have never gasped for air after an application of AlgaeFix , but have after other products . And our plants have never shown any ill effects . I 'm pretty conservative with products like this so that I do n't hurt our fish . So , I would recommend following the instructions to be safe , but THIS PRODUCT WORKS !
 I 've wrestled with algae for years . We have a 18 ` x28 ' pond , and in the past I 've had to rake the algae out at least once a week , leaving huge piles of it on the lawn to dry out . I 've tried barley and other formulations with only modest results . But for the last three years I 've been using Algaefix and have had NO algae at all ! Since finding algaefix , I 've only had to rake the pond once or twice , in the spring , when I was a little slow in applying the first treatment . Once I begin adding it -LRB- a single weekly dose -RRB- , there are no algae strings at all . Wonderful product , and it does n't harm the many birds , squirrels , chipmunks , rabbits and deer who drink from the pond . We have no fish or aquatic plants , but I have had to remove grass which seems to sprout from grass seed scattered by the wind , so it appears the product is specific to algae , as advertised .
 Good stuff to use in the spring when the ponds start warming up , but you do n't have any lilies up yet for shade
 Product is very good , reasonably priced and fast shipment . Company is easy to work with .
 Had some heavy string algae in our waterfall/pond in spite of a cold winter . Three applications seem to have cleared it up , so will now go on a maintenance program as recommended.A year and a half later ... still using 2 + oz . per week and have no problem with the algae .
 when adding this product to pond water it keeps the water clear of algaeFollow directions for pond volume .
 I bought this to use in a 1000 gallon fish pond . Rather expensive but necessary if you have fish you do not want affected . It works .
 Algaefix is a great product to safely control algae issues in water features containing fish and plants . It 's easy to apply and works rapidly . Once the algae is under control a weekly treatment keeps the pond clean . I will purchase more of the product in the future
 I tried this product recently in 2k gallon pond with very small goldfish and some 4-5 inchers . One day after application I found many dead smaller fish but so far the larger fish seem okay . Some small fish were swimming in a cork screw pattern . I 'll continue to monitor its safety . However , it does seem to result in the most amazing water clarity . To me this is the Holy Grail of water gardening , so I hope to learn how to use Algaesafe over time since green water sucks .
 I use this in a 4500 gallon koi pond . A dose a week is all it takes . But do n't get slack on applications . It 's a lot easier to keep it looking nice than it is to clean it back up again .
 Ordered the 2 1/2 gallon size of this excellent algaecide , the only one that works . Part of it leaked out in transit , despite having been packed as well as it could be . Seems like the seal on the bottle was n't perfect . PetSolutions immediately sent me another 1/2 gallon to make up for the loss . Great service is difficult to find these days , and needs to be recognized on those rare occasions when you receive it . Thank you , PetSolutions !
 I 've had ponds and koi for about 15 years and have tried many products on the market and many more home remedies.This product works great , is safe with my fish and it also seems safe with the bacteria in the pond.The price I paid 2.5 gallons on Amazon was less than 1 gallon at one of our local pond stores .
 this works really good on my algae with me living in southern louisiana the heat makes the pond green bad . Only problem you have to keep treating or it does come back and fast
 This is the second time I have ordered this product ... Finally found an Algae Fix that works . . Works great . . Have not had an algae problem all summer .
 I was having a terrible time with algae in my pond . I tried just about every thing . Then I found AlgaeFix . It worked fantastic . Just one treatment and two days later my pond was crystal clear . I did have to clean out the dead algae that settled on the bottom of the pond but no biggie . I would highly recommend this product .
 After 2 treatment water is clear again and I can see my Koi . Buying bulk saved me 40 % over buying the small containers . .
 Really works ! The waterfall and the pond are rid of algae . Do n't hesitate to use it . Can ; t say much more !
 Best product for getting rid of slimy pond gunk . Get the bigger size , and save . Easy to use . Safe for wildlife .
 I have been using Algae Fix for algae problems in my pond . Works great . The 2 1/2 gallon jug lasts about a year . Best price that i have found for algae .
 I converted a Jacuzzi to a large fountain that sits in its own pond -LRB- no fish no plants -RRB- and this product works great to control green algae .
 Between me and my neighbor we have almost used up our original purchase of 5 gallons of Algae Fix with no problems.He began using AF this year as soon as the ice melted because of the string algae that was growing under it ! He pretty much doses about once a week , skipping weeks with little or no algae growth . He also reduces the dose later in the year . Between AF and monthly water changes his pond was totally `` clear and clean '' by mid June.His pond plants are healthy and green with the exception of his hyacinths which are a pale yellowish green but are not dead -LRB- mid August . -RRB- I have not used AF in my pond this year . The string algae is prettymuch dead and gone in my pond as of mid August . My stream is another matter . I have treated it with powder-type algae killers several times-kills some , slows it down some , then it comes right back . I will be using AF pretty soon to get rid of it . My hyacinths are a healthy dark green and my other plants are just as healthy looking as his are.Big difference ? Without AF I have probably filtered off 10 + gallons of algae/dirt plus 5 + gallons of algae pulled by hand plus netted a lot ! In spite of a LOT of filtration and aeration , my water was dirty from May until the first week in August.Next year I will be using AF as soon as string algae appears and as needed after that but probably not weekly .
 Simple to use and looks great ! The hummingbirds like the feeder and it is easy for them to stand on the side . Really pretty !
 I 've tried different kinds , and this feeder is good . The bottom fits well and does n't drip . The glass and metal parts are n't going to degrade like plastic . The only negative is that it only holds 10 ounces , but you should change the nectar frequently in the summer , anyway , so it 's not a bad thing . It 's also attractive , and the hummers love it !
 What a beautiful feeder ! I like the size , because it holds a limited amount , which reminds you to change the food often to keep the food from spoiling . It is easy to clean , I LOVE that it is glass and metal so no plastic ! YES!My only problem is the flowers are handpainted on and scrape off easily . By the end of the season , my neighbor will have to repaint them on . I thought they would have been fired into the glass.So be careful when handling . .
 I 've had this feeder for well over a year and the hummingbirds love it ! It does n't leak or attract bees or ants . It 's very easy to clean and fill , and looks beautiful hanging on my patio . I highly recommend it !
 This is a beautiful feeder and looks just perfect in my garden . It is sturdy and heavy enough not to blow around in the wind . The birds are very happy with it too !
 I bought this product about a month ago so far no hummingbirds . Maybe the hummingbirds need to be aware that I put this in my backyard ; just a note the food needs to be changed weekly which I have n't done yet . The product is glass with nice flowers on it but the bottom portion is plastic .
 I like the feeder . I came to me with some of the paint rubbed off on it but I guess that 's the downfall of ordering online .
 I picked this Feeder because I wanted one that looked pretty even if no hummingbirds came to it . I love the painted flower designs on it , and so do the hummingbirds ! I 'm really happy with the quality , it is made of glass , not plastic and it holds up really well .
 My Lilac Meadows hummingbird feeder just arrived this morning , and it 's aleady hanging on my front porch . It 's a beautiful addition to the house and front garden . The size is perfect , not too big and not too small . It 's easy to fill and clean . And YAY ! It does n't drip ! The clear design with painted flowers is perfect for feeding hummer-nectar without dyes or other additives in it . Also , for some reason I was expecting it to be made of plastic , and I was very pleasantly surprised to see that the bottle is made of beautiful , crystal-clear glass . It looks like a jewel in the garden . The four flowers at the base allow the birds to face any direction they wish while feeding ; or , better yet , for more than one bird at a time to sip from it . The feeder arrived in perfect condition , and in less than a week . I love this hummingbird feeder !
 I love hummingbirds and I wanted a product that would last so I brought this item and when I received it I love it but I left it outside during the winter and it broke from frost and the cold . I might purchase another one , I have not decided yet , I just have to remember to bring it in during the winter season .
 I was so very impressed with the quality of this item and the price and the quick delivery . I bought it as a Xmas gift for friends and felt it was top notch quality . I felt very good giving it . I want one . It will look great on anyones patio . I will buy it again in a minute . Actually , I wish someone would buy one for me .
 1 -RRB- Before putting any plastic `` whimsie '' into the pond , spray with a couple of coats an ultraviolet protective spray , clear flat or gloss is your choice . I prefer the flat to the gloss to maintain the original look . These such items may need to be sprayed again periodically to maintain their color .2 -RRB- Fishing line with weights on the bottom mesured to the right length and attached to the bottom of birds , ducts , etc. to allow such things to move some but not turn over and keeps them in place and upright . I drop all weights attached to such things into the center of a concrete building block placed into the bottom of the pond and this keeps such cuties in the general area of the pond of where I want them to stay.If your items have faded , you can touch them up with craft paints and then spray them with several coats of sealer that have a UV protectant .
 I was disappointed in these but my dogs love them . I saw that nice high bumper and pictured my 90 pound Standard Poodle and my 85 pound Dane/Lab mix snuggling up inside them . the bumper flattens out in the first 2 days of use , but the ` babies ' do n't seem to care . Easy to keep fresh , just throw them in the wash -LRB- one at a time -RRB- and the dryer . The fleece does n't give up all the dog hair -LRB- like a fool , I bought the white -RRB- but they get sanitary and fresh smelling . Wish those bumpers stayed up .
 Our greyhound created some pretty nasty hot spots on his bum and belly . The vet gave us an antibiotic spray that did nothing . I tried anti-itch cream which did nothing , and also neosporen when the red dots started to break open . Nothing helped . He started keeping us awake at night with constant licking and chewing of the rash , so yesterday we picked this spray up and it cleared him right up . We gave him a bath , then sprayed it on as directed , and he immediately stopped licking the areas . He made it through the whole night without licking , and today the area has gone from a bright inflamed red to a very pale pink that you can not see unless you 're close to him . I will update if he takes a turn for the worst , but as of now this product has done more than anything else we 've tried . Very happy with what we 're seeing .
 I used this spray first when my puppy had a mild flea problem when she was 6 months old . She stopped scratching at her flea bites after I did that.She has n't had a flea/hot-spot problem since that time , but she does get a bit itchy after her bath . I usually rub her down with this -LRB- diluted with water -RRB- right after her bath while she 's still wet and it definitely helps with the itch . This also seems to repel fleas and makes the `` dog smell '' go away when I 'm in a rush and do n't have time to give her a bath . ; -RRB- Note that it does have a pretty strong smell when you first apply it and the dog is wet . But i kinda like the smell .
 Works fine , for minor skin problems , great value for the money . .16 oz for just alittle more than 8oz of the same exact product from any other store I have found.Stops itching right away .
 A product that actually does exactly what it claims ; soothes itching from hotspots and other causes too . My Yorkie-Poodle suffers from extreme seasonal allergies and if I am vigilant in using this spray -LRB- sometimes multiple times a day on his whole body -RRB- then I can stop the itching and hence avoid giving my dog the toxic steroids that the vet prescribed to stop his scratching . Those steroids are so dangerous to the dog 's health that I am THRILLED to find this herbal alternative that actually works . Granted it can be a pain to spray my dog every time I see him scratch , and the smell is n't that attractive to me , but it sure beats poisoning my dog to stop his itching . If I find an active hotspot on the dog and spray it immediately , it clears up ; the tea tree oil is a natural antimicrobial . It is n't that common to find a product that actually does what it claims . I feel great now that I am able to soothe his itching and clear up hotspots in a safe -LRB- if slightly smelly -RRB- way . I was a skeptic , now I am a repeat customer !
 the product works great on hot spots on my bulldog and my minature schnazer 's stop them from chewing at the spot or pulling out sploshes of hair
 I also bought sulfodene for my six year old Doberman and it worked great but this stuff is better for a couple reasons . First , it sprays on instead of having to apply it by hand.Second , it clears up hot spots within a day or two.The only draw back is that it smells a little weird . But I think it is meant to keep the dog from licking it off .
 Product was great , but it was expired . Customer service promptly credited me with no hassle to have to send the product back .
 This spray gives our Cavalier King Charles Spaniel some relief from itching . She has allergies . We bathe her in Phytovet CK Antiseptic Shampoo every several weeks , but spray her with Vet 's Best Hot Spot Spray twice a day . We all get to sleep through the night .
 I 've been using this products on my shepherd before and after she played in the dog park . It does a good job for temporarily repelling mosquitoes -LRB- and fleas and ticks ?? -RRB- . She wears Frontline drops so we use this as additional prevention . Sometimes the Frontline does n't work as well as we hoped , so this one and the Caspar oral tablet serve as our back up . The odor is not bad but slightly irritated to the eyes -- kind of like mint and eucalyptus spray . So it 's necessary to cover your dog 's eyes when applying . I sprayed it in my car seat away from my face , but my eyes still got the irritating mist , somehow , so be warned . I guess the effect of prevention would last an hour or two , perfect for dog park or outside use !
 This stuff is great . The store I used to buy it from stopped carrying it so I had to look else where . Works fast for all matter of itches - dry skin to insect bites . When used with its companion shampoo , it helps with most skin irritations , especially dry skin issues . Leaves a pleasant scent . I always have it on hand .
 This worked for our black lab . She started getting hot spots on her belly since we moved to Florida . I purchased this after reading the reviews and she seemed to have relief by the next day . I feel like it works better if you rub it in . She actually comes to get her morning spray and likes it !
 This item works extremely well and will Highly reccommend this product for all dog owners that have dogs with Hot spots . My Golden had these spots over 90 percent of her body and this item takes about ten days and rapidly heals these spots up . Your Dog will thank you . It is a must buy . .
 Our dog had a hot spot that was bothering her for a couple of days . We took her to the vet who applied an ointment that worked for a bit . However , we ordered this when the dog started attending the the hot spot again . We applied a couple of times and it did the trick !
 We could not live without this product ! Our little girl just chews herself RAW then throws up from it ! We 've tried going to the vet and they gave her shots , and other medicine and nothing helped . I went up to petco and bought one of these because we use natural products on ourselves so why not on the dog . WORKED WONDERS we put it on her at the first signs and it calms it down right away !
 If you dog or cat has a hot spot this stuff is great ! Do n't load your pet up so that its dripping with it ! And if you have to apply it to the whole animal or if the dog is biting or itching alot use and `` E '' collar . Do n't let the animal lick the shit . Would you lick it ? I do n't wan na hear there is no warning label . You have the Internet do a little research before applying anything to you pet . And for the person said he was upset because it did n't kill the rest of the fleas on your pet . -LRB- Your an idiot -RRB- . It 's not meant to kill fleas . Its great to provide almost insant relief for a pet that has a raw or irritated spot . I know some people use it for poison ivy or oak relief too . Do n't be afraid to use it but with anything just use responsibly do n't dunk your animal is a bucket of the shit .
 This is the best product I have found to prevent and treat my dogs . It does not sting , and it is n't greasy like some other hot spot products .
 We have a Rat Terrier with Addison 's disease as well as numerous allergies . My wife has been a professional dog groomer for the past 15 + years and works with a number of vets . Needless to say after years of trying this and that product , it seems in our opinion that the line of Vet 's Best products seem to work the best and last the longest for our dogs allergy irritations / redness / itching / scratching & bitting . The added bonus that the shampoo as well as the spray leave your dog with the pleasant tea tree smell , instead of some flowery cover up type of perfume is great.We highly recommend these lines of product!Vet 's Best Seasonal Allergy Support Supplement for Dogs , 60 TabletsVet 's Best Hot Spot Shampoo , 16-OunceVet ? s Best Vita-Derm Healthy Skin and Coat Supplement for Dogs , 16-OunceVet 's Best Hot Spot Spray , 16 oz .
 The inserted applicator for `` any brand '' of micro-chip uses a very large needle which requires a lot of force to penetrate the skin and this can produce problems . It is sometimes difficult to know when the needle has penetrated under the skin of an animal with thick fur . The fur prevents observing the actual penetration and you do it by feel . Sometimes , before pushing the insert lever , -LRB- 1 -RRB- you may not have exerted enough force to completely penetrate the skin -LRB- in -RRB- or -LRB- 2 -RRB- you may have used too much force and penetrated the skin twice -LRB- in and out -RRB- so that the inserted micro-chip ends up outside on the fur . This happened to me with this micro-chip , and I was able to easily reinsert it in the applicator and insert it correctly the second time . I have normally used 24 Pet Watch micro-chips and in the advent of a problem , you can not reinsert the microchip into their applicator for a second try . So I can recommend this micro-chip with its applicator , because in the case of a problem , you have a second chance at inserting it properly and not wasting your money.Ron Stoessell
 I like `` Home Again '' chip makers and their services . I have 2 other pets that were chipped with `` Home Again '' micro-chip , so it was no brainier to get our new 4-legged family member get the same chip . Buying it from Amazon is about 1/2 the price than getting the same chip anywhere else . My vet injected the micro-chip for free during regular visit . You can also do the `` chipping '' procedure yourself if you have experience with sub-cutaneous injections .
 I have 12 pets & they all have ID chips in them.However , as my son pointed out , somewhere down the line I might bereally surprise to found out that its harmful to my pets ! I hope not !!
 been with home again for a long time they 're great with search and recue and very help with ant of your needs keep up the great work guys Diana Kenner Golden CO
 I got my dog microchipped when he was neutered and figured I would n't need the yearly subscription but decided to go for it anyways . They provide you with free calls to ASPCA vets 24/7 if there 's anything wrong with your pet . I will continue to renew for piece of mind ! I called last night and they gave great service and it made me feel so much better after talking to a vet and finding out what signs to look for to make sure the problem would resolve .
 Lightning fast delivery , Item came packaged perfect . Great to do business with . Will buy from again .
 We have two different pet rescue companies with microchips in our pets , one of which is Home Again . I wo n't mention the other company 's name , but SPCA put their microchip in our dogs and cats when we either adopted them from SPCA or had them neutered there . I ca n't believe the SPCA used a company that is so bad . I do n't want to put two chips in my cats and dogs , so Home AGain let us register the pets with the other company 's chips and numbers on Home Again 's service.The `` other company '' does n't consistently answer their phone . Once our dog was lost , and was only found because the vet had his phone number on the rabies tag . The man who found our dog could n't get an answer when he called the `` other company , '' so he called our vet instead.We called the `` other company '' to RENEW our membership , since our dog is an escape artist and we need a retrieval services . They NEVER answered the phone.Another time , we called the `` other company '' and were put on hold for a very long time . When we finally got an operator , the guy had no idea what to do and told us to call the vet and the other company -LRB- Home Again -RRB- !!! We now only use Home Again on all of our new pets . They may occasionally take a minute to answer , but they have called us several times when our pet got out , twice before we knew he was missing.You do not have to pay yearly renewal fees . One year we did n't renew , paid nothing , and they called us just the same when our dog got out.This company is the best we have found.The main thing is we want our dogs back , and HOME AGAIN has always done a great job to this end . They have good customer service ; sometimes fantastic , sometimes just good.BOTTOM LINE
 We microchipped our dog through our vet about 4 years ago . Some of the reviews on here are inaccurate . You pay a one-time fee to Home Again to activate your membership . You are not required to pay every year to keep your pet in their system . As long as you keep your contact information up-to-date , they will contact you if your pet is located . They have a separate option that you can subscribe to annually that provides additional measures for you to locate your pet if they are lost or stolen , such as printing lost fliers with your pet 's photo . I 've always been very pleased with their customer service as well . They are very professional and knowledgeable .
 HomeAgain chipping only requires a one time enrollment fee of $ 17.99 just like all the other chipping companies who have a one time fee . You are under NO obligation to pay another cent . However , they do have additional yearly membership benefits IF you CHOOSE to purchase them . They are not for everyone - but there are people who love these benefits because they meet their particular situation . Educate yourself about the benefits and then decide if you want them . The best thing you can do for your pet is to keep your information in the database system up to date and have your petwear the HomeAgain pet tag with HomeAgain 's number and your pet 's microchip number , at ALL times . For me , the enrollment fee of $ 17.99 is nothing to pay for a lifetime of security for my pet .
 As a breeder of AKC Registered Labrador Retrievers I always recommend a microchip for puppies as wells as adult dogs . Home Again offers a great product but it is not mandatory to register the microchip with them . I register my Labrador Retrievers microchips with AKC CAR -LRB- American Kennel Club Companion Animal Recovery -RRB- . AKC CAR offers registration of ANY brand microchip for a lifetime fee of $ 17.50 online - there is no recurring annual fee . Any any breed dog or cross bred dog can is eligible - the dog/puppy does not have to be AKC Registered . Their purpose is to help return a lost pet home . My Labrador Retrievers are all microchipped with Home Again brand microchips but are registered through AKC CAR.A microchip for a dog/puppy is very much like a social security number for humans - it is unique and not numerically duplicated . Almost every Animal Control/Dog Pound has scanners to check a microchip in a national registry . Once reported , the owner is immediately notified of the recovery . A microchip is not for GPS tracking . A scanner is necessary to read the chip . In the event of the sale or transfer of ownership of the dog/puppy - the microchip registration is transferable.There is a specific manner and location for microchip implanting . Veterinarian 's are trained professionals and implant the microchip without any damage to the dog/puppy . The implantation is below the skin and care must be executed not to implant the microchip in a vein or blood vessel.I recommend the Home Again Microchip with the AKC CAR Registration . You can find more information on AKC CAR at -LSB- ... -RSB-
 If this product increases the odds of returning a pet to their family , its a great product in my opinion . Someone else gave this a one star rating after having a problem registering their dog . That 's not right . That review -LRB- and this one -RRB- should be removed .
 my dog was allergic to flea bites and tho we used the frontline he still would get bit sometimes , this worked beter than the pills the vet gave me and i did not have to make him swallow it , thank you .
 Not only has this kept my itchy little dog from chewing the fur off his toes , I used this on a severely allergic rescue dog , whose entire body was covered in bright red , hot rashes , and within a day his rash went down by half . I will continue to buy this product and recommend it to others . I 've even used this on myself , and it feels amazing - stops maddening itches nearly instantly!I read one review that said their dog got very sick from licking this off , and that tea tree oil is toxic to dogs . While I have read that it can be , I 'm pretty sure it 's only in certain quantities that it becomes toxic , although obviously some dogs are more sensitive than others . I bathe my dogs in shampoo with tea tree and use Earthbath Tea Tree spray-on conditioner and have never had a problem , and have also never had a problem with a Vet 's Best product.Just my 2c !
 Maybe it 's the winter blues , but my St. Bernard -LRB- Zelda -RRB- started a hot spot on her hind leg that seemed to `` blow up '' over night and covered the entire rear thigh portion . Through trial and error , here 's what I did to treat this hot spot and others that `` pop up '' from nowhere : # 1
 Our dog 's belly was bald because of his excessive licking to calm the itching caused by an allergy to the grass he loves to lie on . After just a few days of regular sparying with the Hot Spot Itch Relief Spray , the hair started to grow again . I think he 's made the connection , because he does n't run away when he sees the bottle in my hand ... just stands still so I can spray .
 This product does what it says it will , relieve itching on Hot Spots . Only 4 stars because of the sprayer . Do your self a favor and go to a dollar store or Walmart and get a travel size spray bottle with a squeeze sprayer because their sprayer is terrible . First bottle I bought sprayer quit working second time I used it and the second bottle you had to push several times to get a little to spray .
 This product can be used not only for minor infections but with ear problems as well that so many dogs suffer from .
 My dog is allergic to fleas , when one bites her it seems that her whole body reacts and she bites and scratches . But when I use this product it helps stop the scratching and the area is healed in a few days . It does n't sting and my dog tolerates it quite well . I have used this for about a year . I am amazed at how well this works , and it also has a pleasent odor .
 My doggie kept picking on a calus on his foot , but I could n't get to the vet for some time . I got one of these sprays to use and noticed that he stopped picking on the calus right away . The trick is to make sure that he does n't lick it right away to give the spray time to dry . I used it everyday for about a week , my doggie seemed happier because the calus did n't irritate any more . After that I took him to the vet who put him on antibiotics . I liked that this was a natural formula and I did n't have to worry about him getting sick from ingesting the chemicals .
 My Sheltie has been enjoying Vita-Derm for years ! The one thing I 've learned is that you MUST shake the bottle like a paint can , because the ingredients separate . I even store it sideways . Also , I was told by several retailers to STOCK UP . It 's being discontinued .
 Vita derm is a very easy to use product , just measure ... poor and mix into your dog 's food.We have a Rat Terrier with Addison 's disease as well as numerous allergies . My wife has been a professional dog groomer for the past 15 + years and works with a number of vets . Needless to say after years of trying this and that product , it seems in our opinion that the line of Vet 's Best products seem to work the best and last the longest for our dogs allergy irritations / redness / itching / scratching & bitting . The added bonus that the shampoo as well as the spray leave your dog with the pleasant tea tree smell , instead of some flowery cover up type of perfume is great.We highly recommend these lines of product!Vet 's Best Seasonal Allergy Support Supplement for Dogs , 60 TabletsVet 's Best Hot Spot Shampoo , 16-OunceVet ? s Best Vita-Derm Healthy Skin and Coat Supplement for Dogs , 16-OunceVet 's Best Hot Spot Spray , 16 oz .
 Vets best vitaderm is the second bottle I ordered , the first one I purchased at a local store and liked that it helped my bichon , the first bottle was called something different but it was the same ingredients , when i ordered it I thought thats what i was getting and its the same stuff just has same names . at any rate it works well to help her dry skin . lasts a long time its like an oil texture .
 My dog loves this stuff . I 'm not sure about the shedding , whether that 's any better , but he has stopped licking his paws all the time , so definite improvement with that !!
 It is true that it is not a cure all for itchy dog . Our dog has atopic dermatitis and is well managed with a long acting -LRB- non-drowsy -RRB- antihistamine , frequent baths and this product . This product has really helped with the skin 's appearance -LRB- less hives and red bumps -RRB- and has improved her coat 's appearance . What is great about it is she loves the taste ! I can give her antihistamine in her dry food if I just saturate it with Vita-Derm . That is a big plus . It is also great for finicky eaters as an appetite stimulant . All dogs really seem to love it.July 14 , 2011 I have to amend my original review . Although I still love what is inside the bottle , I HATE the bottle itself . After 2 uses , kit becomes a sticky mess and always drips everywhere . The old bottle worked great . Please ditch this awful bottle ! I would downgrade the product to 3-4 stars because it really is annoying and messy .
 The Baltimore and Orchard Orioles love this feeder . Its good quality , easy to refill and clean , and you can hang it or set it on something . Bonus
 Love this oriole feeder . Have had 2 of them . The feeder holes keep the bees and ants out . Easy to clean.Only problem is it fades bad after 1-2 summers -LRB- Minnesota summer is only 4 1/2 months long -RRB- . : -LRB-
 I love these and only able to find them on line . Great prices and free shipping . What I love the most about them is the bees are n't able to get inside them like the other types do . Highly recommend this product .
 The orioles love this feeder and my hummers pretty much leave it alone . It keeps wasps and flies out . The only drawback is it leaks in the wind . I like it overall !
 We put this up after the Oriole 's were trying to drink out of the Hummingbird feeder . It has adjustable things for different sizes of Oriole 's . It works and fit perfectly . I used to be stuffy about glass vs. plastic but I am actually glad this one was plastic . The Oriole 's knocked this one down -LRB- I fixed it so they could n't do that again -RRB- and it did n't break or even leak out . I recommend !
 I read the reviews for this feeder and was hopeful I would have good results . This feeder is a success . I put it up yesterday , and today , as I sit at my window , I see the Hooded Orioles -LRB- juveniles -RRB- feeding from it . Prior to getting the Oriole feeder , while they came to my hummingbird feeder , they would feed for just a few seconds . They stay much longer at the new feeder and come back to it frequently . I 've seen a male/female pair come to it several times in a matter of 15 minutes . If you have hooded orioles , I recommend this feeder .
 I 've already attracted 4 pairs of beautiful Orioles with this great feeder filled with pulp-free orange juice ! Now I 've also purchased a fly-through feeder which I 'm putting grape jelly and halved oranges into for the birds ... what a marvelous feeder ... thanks .
 Popular with both orioles -LRB- hooded -RRB- and hummingbirds -LRB- ana 's -RRB- . I am on my third of these feeders . The bee guards are great when in place , but break easily when cleaning - which is often necessary as the more dilute sugar solution for orioles -LRB- I use 1 cup sugar to 4 water -RRB- can grow mold in only a few days . The reservoir is easy to clean with a bent bottle brush -LRB- it 's made from somewhat flexible plastic -RRB- and the base separates into two for easy cleaning . Other than the bee guard 's fragility , the swing out perches are also fragile ; my current feeder is stabilized with bent paper clips to stop the perches retracting - the mechanism broke on this one and on a previous feeder . The good thing about so many broken feeders is that I have a ready supply of spare parts . This far better than the non-bee guard feeders , some of which get so crowded with bees the humming birds do n't feed . I also like to put a blob of axle grease around the hook to stop ants invading the feeder .
 great product . Easy to clean and holds lots of nectar . The orioles took a few days to figure it out but they eventually got it . Great , great product . Thanks Perky Pet !
 This feeder not only works well , but it can be taken apart for cleaning purposes . It is better than the rest for those reasons .
 I have used dozens of these feeders over many years . They work very well . However , I wish that the plastic was more durable , that the color held up longer and that they were easier to clean . So , I like these feeders . With these changes , I would love these feeders.Margaret Marshall
 This is a very good feeder . There are two perch positions depending on what type of oriole is in your area . Easy to clean too .
 The Orioles who visit us each Spring love this product . It is as if they know just where to find them in our tree . They come in late April or early May and leave for cooler weather to the north in early June . They make our May every year ; Orioles are worth the cost and effort to keep them around .
 Orioles readily take nectar from my 8 oz . Perky-Pet Four Fountains hummingbird feeders , and can quickly empty them . Buying larger hummingbird feeders was not entirely satisfactory since all have feeding ports which exclude non-hummers . I got this Opus oriole feeder so the orioles would have their own large capacity feeder.My feeder has springy buttons in the nectar ports which act as bee guards . -LRB- Note
 Unpacked it , filled it and hung it up . Had Orioles right away . This unit was a replacement for a another brand that allowed the Humming Birds to feed as well as the Orioles . The Hummers were confused and unable to feed from this one because of the bee guards . We disassembled the unit and removed the bee guards -LRB- bees are n't a significant problem in our area -RRB- . Now everybody feeds!Nice unit . I would recommend it .
 We tried another brand of oriole feeder two summers ago and had to get rid of it because of the problem it created with the local bees
 I purchased one of these a year ago , when I noticed the Scott 's Orioles trying to eat out of our hummingbird feeders . They were unsuccessful , as their beaks were too large . I found one of the Opus feeders online , and when it was installed in our yard , we had an Oriole invasion ; both Scott 's and Hooded Orioles congregated around it . One smart family even built a nest about 10 ' away from the feeder ! It 's easy to clean and fill , easy to assemble , and the birds love it . The only thing that might improve this feeder is if the reservoir was glass instead of plastic , but we 're very happy with it .
 Okay , I got my Oriole Feeder a few days ago . The holes are different but look like they would prevent bees from getting in . It is like all water feeders . You have to secure them so they do n't sway or wiggle else the sweet water will shake out . Mine is secured on top of window AC unit so wind ca n't blow it off or shake it . It is very windy where I live . It has not leaked at all ! So for people complaining about leaky water feeders , they probably do n't have them secure . I have all my other Hummer feeders secured to prevent water shaking out . So far my Orioles are still using the hummer feeders . I hope soon they will notice this new Oriole Feeder . I am sure eventually one of them will notice this new feeder at this different place on my house . I rated this high assuming the Orioles will soon start using it . I will clean it with hot sudsy water and rinse it well . I clean all my water feeders every 3 days to prevent black mold that likes to form in sugar water especially if feeders get enough sun light to warm the water up . The round top with little opening makes it impossible to scrub out . I have had other Hummer feeders same way . You just let them sit bottom up with hot sudsy water then flush out real good with cold water . It 's not all that hard to clean if you know how . I think some of the comments on this Oriole feeder are not fair . It looks like a pretty good sweet water feeder to me .
 I 've had this out for a couple of weeks now and it seems to be working fine . Seems to be well made and has not leaked . The orioles went to it within a couple of days . The picture looks like the feeding stations are made of rubber or something , but the one I received is hard plastic with the little plastic balls to keep bees out . The orioles just push the ball through to get the nectar . I added a couple of pictures of orioles feeding .
 We had searched in vain for an oriole feeder locally . The main drawback being bees and wasps were able to penetrate the feeder , and were then drowning . This feeder works ! Orioles are happy , bees less so , but are at least living to tell the tale .
 I have a Boston Terrier and the breed is known as a `` puller '' . Training classes have helped but nothing better for the money than this harness . The reason this works is because it spins my dog around when he takes off in front of me . You clip the leash to the front attachment point -LRB- on his chest instead of his back -RRB- so instead of him pulling against something on his back , it pulls him to one side or another breaking his attention to the front . Though hard to explain , it really works.Make sure you measure your dog . It is a fairly specific measurement to make it fit and function properly . I 'm on my 2nd harness only due to him growing out of his first one.No doubt , I would pay twice the price .
 My puppy is a Siberian Husky . They are bred to PULL . Well I bought this and it was like night and day , the FIRST TIME I WALKED HER ON IT . It 's great ! Now , she hardly pulls at all , and only does so when she forgets she is on a leash . Buy it . You wont be diappointed .
 Super little harness . Does well at stopping the pulling . Would highly recommend the harness if your dog/puppy tries to pull you . Would even recommend it even if he/she did n't pull . A really nice compact harness that is nice to your dog .
 Product helped with pulling , but my dog is getting more used to it now and therefore pulling again -LRB- although not as bad as with a regular harness -RRB- .
 We have been using this harness for our 80 pound lab for the past 3 years . It 's been the only thing that has worked for us with his pulling . It makes sense since the leash connects on the chest instead of some harnesses that connect on the back allowing the dog more leverage to pull . Our former dog walker loved it so much she recommended it to her other clients . Many of our dog friends bought one too after seeing how well it worked for our zealous lab . A couple of pointers I thought were helpful
 I had read some glowing reviews for this product but was pretty sceptical that it would work for our dog . We have an enormous golden retriever that gets so excited about going for a walk that he forgets all of his manners and pulls like crazy no matter how many times we stop to correct him . When the harness arrived and we adjusted the straps to fit , I then took him out for a walk . I was pleasantly surprised to find that the pulling stopped . He tried to pull once or twice at the beginning and then just gave up and walked in heel right beside me . Pretty amazing !
 My sister was looking for something that her bulldog could not pull out of when they took their evening walks . I saw this on Amazon and ordered it for her , because of all the positive reviews . It works great and has made thier walks much easier and pleasant .
 Great invention . It was recommended to me by my dogs trainer , at basic obedience class . Worked like magic!I have a french mastiff , very powerful breed , almost dislocated my shoulder when he pulled , but in this harness he walks like a well behaved puppy.For me it also doubles as harness for car , I just clip the belt to the ring in front -LRB- original one fell apart after one month , I was left with the clip belt only -RRB-
 This item is great for mid-sized pets . I have a 9 pound tortoise that loves to ride in this carrier . I told my neighbor about this product and she bought one for herself . She loves it and her cat is 12 pounds . The top part of the carrier has 3 settings
 2/23/11 UPDATE
 Good for the price !!! 1 to 2 cats fit well . Very sturdy !
 I ordered this maimly for the stroller for my Pug who has lost mobility . He loves goin out in it with his little Pug sister.However it was a real bonus to have the car seat feature for trips to the vet both for the car trip and carrying into the clinic.He is comfortable and I have an easy way to move him about .
 Both my dogs fur is very soft and they do not shed very much . People always comment on how soft and shinny their coats are . I free feed my dogs and put this in a bottle with a pump and put one squirt in each bowl .
 I have a 8 year old cat that is addicted to these . They used to be very easy to find - WalMart , Kmart , Petsmart , Petco , dollar store - they all had these for about a dollar . Now they are next to impossible to find . I ordered all they had available here when I placed my order . My cat has seperation anxiety and uses these to self comfort . He carries them around in his mouth , crying , until he drops it in the place he last saw us - then he goes to sleep . Absolutely nothing else helps him . He also likes to play with us with this toy . It is not the sturdiest toy , the tip easily breaks off , but we just tie it back on a bit lower on the stick . I do n't usually leave a toy with a string -LRB- stretchy tho it may be -RRB- around a cat unsupervised , but this cat never bothers the string part , even in play , he is just interested in holding the toy part in his mouth . He does sometimes `` strum '' the string to make the bell jingle . Too cute .
 My kitty L-O-V-E-S these ! His favorite is the blue pom pom and jingle bell . Wish I could order that specific one every time , but the description does state `` assorted '' only -LRB- even the pet stores have tried -RRB- , so I 'm crossing my fingers with this online order . Yes , my kitty disects them , and eats the fur , and pulls of the feathers , but that 's how cats play ! It 's not a toy defect , necessarily . The toys eventually end up with just the plastic cap or the bell on the string , but he just keeps dragging them around like a prize -LRB- or a reminder to play -RRB- - adorable ! When he pulls the feathers off , we leave them be and he eventually goes back and plays/chews/eats those too . When I 'm lucky enough to find one of his favorites in the store , he goes bonkers as soon as I step foot in the house - no kidding .
 OK , yes the feathers came off right away . My cat hates feathers anyway . This thing is by far her favorite toy -LRB- and she has plenty ! -RRB- She loves the soft furry pompoms and this one ... on a string ... she 's in love . She begs to play . She even drags this thing over to you and meows until you play with her . I 'm buying more as back-up ! No cat toy is indestructible .
 Attach this to your feeder post above squirrel baffle and below the feeder , and the suet will be there for the birds , not the furry rodents .
 I have several Habitrail Ovo cages with the vacuum water bottles and some of the residents -LRB- mice , gerbils , hamsters -RRB- have had difficulty with them . One hamster tried to chew the thing so much she would be soaked in water.These bottles fit right into the holder and I have no fear of leaking . Lixit has always been my go to choice for water bottles and I recommend this bottle for use in places like aquariums and the Habitrail Ovo . It is not chew proof , so where ever you hang or place it will have to be unreachable to the rodent.In one of the mouse cages , I hang it from the enclosed hook and make sure it is not near anything they could climb on to get to the top . It hangs just low enough for them to drink comfortably .
 this product was described accurately and was what i was expecting . it look great in my aquarium and compared to local pet shops , the price was excellent .
 my 85 pound girl dog absolutely loves this toy!she has had it for 3 months and has not rippedout the stuffing or pulled off any wings.she protects her bees from her brother , sleeps with her beesand carries them around for hours.the noise the squeaker makes is so soft and niceshe just pokes it with her nose to hear it!the whole thing just makes her happy.i am buying another hive and more beesto have when these get torn up .
 I bought these to refill the beehive toy they 're made for . They work well , but a few of them needed light sewing after a wash . Definitely wash on a gentle -LRB- not regular -RRB- cycle .
 My dog loves these , she loves squeaky toys , we have the squirrels also . I put them in the house and she gets them out , keeps her happy and busy !
 Orderd these on a whim since some of the dogs stuffties had become quite worn . They where very affordable , especially when you consider the cost of three stuffed toys in a brink-and-morter store . These where a pleasent surprise ! Very durable , and well made . Nice loud squekers -LRB- not such a good thing at 3 a.m. -RRB- I have two small dogs , 4 and 5 pounds , and they have yet to tear and ` gut ' any of the three bees . They have alrady paid for themselves .
 The replacement bees are actually sturdier than the bees that come in the original Hide-A-Bees . The squeaker is a little higher pitched and not quite as loud , but definitely sturdier to the constant tossing and chewing my Australian Cattle Dog -LRB- 45lbs -RRB- does to them . These bees also have a little tuft of hair on their heads which my dog is obsessed with . So far , no loss of squeaks , hair or wings . These are tough little buggers ! They are also slightly larger and more egg-shaped than the original bees . It ups the challenge for your dog to remove them from the hive.This is also a fun squeak toy on it 's own . I find them all over the house because my dog carries them around in his mouth . Fun , fun , fun . Should n't that bee what a dog toy is about ?
 They are a good deal for the price . I buy the refills because the dogs chew them up so easily . They do n't chew on the `` house '' just the refills .
 This is a thank you note i received after Christmas from 82 lb . Angus , my black lab friend
 I have gone through countless dog toys trying to find one that my dog -LRB- a 9 yr old Jack Russell -RRB- does not destroy in the first 5 minutes of having it . She is what is considered a `` stuffaholic '' and if there is a squeaker in it ... she will not rest until it is killed . I first got her the dino eggs and when I went to reorder them I saw these . For some reason she just likes to hold these in her mouth and squeak them . Eventually she does destroy it buy it takes her a while to do it !
 I bought these replacement bees for our Hide-A-Bee hive . My only wish is that they lasted a little longer . My lab mix and terrier rip these guys apart pretty quickly .
 The dogs love them . I bought the beehive years ago . The bees were the first thing to go and I never replaced them until now . Glad I did !
 The part that gets messed up first by the dogs are the insides of this unit , Kyjen realizes this and offers replacements at a reasonable price . Great idea .
 My dog opened the package and plays with this toy several times a day for hours . It is a good quality . He normally rips toys to shreds but this is holding up fine !
 I bought a pack of three of these bees so I could give them as gifts to the dogs in my life . I have neighbors and friends who I see everyday out walking their dogs and these make a nice little stocking stuffer for the canines of Christmas ! I have come to know Kyjen as a great company for dog toys as the toys are inventive and interesting and certainly enjoyed by my own dogs . The toys are made extremely well , sewn with precision and very strong , they last a long time and never disappoint.You do n't need the bee hive to buy the replacement bees or squirrels or any of the other packs of toys . It 's a wonderful way to introduce many different play toys into the lives of dogs and pets !! Highly recommended .
 These are supposed to be hidden in a little beehive - my dogs leave the beehive alone but rip these up pretty quickly , so I 'm thrilled to have these replacements . The dogs carry these around like they 're a prize , and then within a few days my husband and I come across a &#34; crime scene &#34; with fluff strewn everywhere and a smiling dog holding an eviscerated bee . Good times !
 I ordered these adorable bumble bees to use on a crib mobile for my grandson 's &#34; bumble bee &#34; themed nursery . They are perfect !! Very well made and awesome price !! I had to get creative because there were no cute &#34; bee &#34; mobiles to be found .
 Our dog ca n't get enough of this toy ... or toys like it . Anything that requires her to think and solve gives her hours of fun . She has several of these types of toys and it keeps us busy as well !!!
 My three dachshunds are in love with these bees ! This is the third set i have bought ! They are well made , bight , and have great squeakers ! I first bought them to use in one of my smart toys that was destroyed so they are also a great replacement for that as well .
 These adorable little bees are a cost-effective way to entertain any dog who loves a good squeaker . They will last indefinitely with light chewers , and need to be replaced periodically with moderate or heavy chewers . My doggie Quinn , a lab-border collie mix , loves his bees , and despite constant squeezing , I have never had him chew off a wing or a head , like he has on many other toys . It also takes him quite a while -LRB- weeks or months -RRB- to dig through to get the squeaker . These little buggers really last , and the squeaker sound is really cute , which comes in handy for anyone owning a lab .
 These bees are great for a dog to play with . They love to run around with them in their mouths . These are great for big dogs and small dogs .
 We have a papillon mix . She 's not very big , but thinks she is . She loves to play and baby these all the time . These were replacements for the ones that came with the `` hive '' . We rotated the bees but eventually she made holes in all of them.They are pretty durable , but not as durable as the little squirrels by the same company . The seams on the squirrels seem a bit tighter and less vulnerable.We are still happy with the bees - our dog loved them to `` death '' !
 I bought the bee hive toy for my German Shepherd three years ago . As soon as I gave it to him he figured out how to get the bees out of the hive . He absolutely loves this toy/puzzle . It 's about the only toy he gets from his toy box every day , all day . It 's easy for me to play with him because he brings it to me and I can sit in my chair and play . I do have to replace it about every year , but as I said it gets played with every day , all day . The only toy that get more action is his freezbe outside .
 My breeding mill rescue loved these toys the moment he found out they squeak . The bees are small enough for him to hold in his mouth -LRB- Havanese -RRB- . Be prepared to order replacements .
 We have this one -LRB- bees -RRB- and the squirrel ones . Our 6-month old Golden Retriever loves playing with them , and carrying them around in his mouth . But I do n't understand why the replacement bees cost more than just buying the entire toy new ?
 These are a favorite around our house for one of our dogs . We have bought the refills a couple of times . With or without the hive they are fun . No matter how many toys she has she always favors her bees . They have been fairly durable . Only one has had a hole chewed in it and one has a broken squeaker . Not too bad for 6 bees and 2 years later . And it 's like getting 3 toys for the price of one . Good size for a small to medium sized dog .
 These products are fantastic . I could n't be happier with the hive and now the million bees I have strewn across my home . Very squeaky and tons of fun for our medium-sized dogs . My only gripe is that they 're not as durable as the smaller ones included with the hive . The smaller ones seem to be filled completely with a plastic squeaker but these have a small squeaker and a stuffed head-thorax . One of the dogs has quickly destroyed one but she was very distraught when she did so . I do n't believe that she will do it again.Be prepared to find these things everywhere .
 We purchased these to go with the Hide a Bee Toy that We purchased for our dog . He does not play with this as much as the others because We have always told him to leave the Bees be , so they do not sting him
 Although I was surprised to see that birds , other than finches , can stand on the bottom platform and feed , this bird feeder still has several other ports where only the yellow finch can feed . The snowbirds seemed to be the ones standing and getting the food on the bottom , so I did n't mind it at all , since they are welcome winter visitors . The bottom holes were made bigger , though , by some non finch birds who pecked at it , and I had to put a bit of duct tape over the bottom holes . BUT ! This bird feeder is the most handsome finch feeder out there . In addition , it has a canopy to keep out really wet weather , which can be a problem with small niger seeds . Most niger feeders do not have this canopy , and when the seeds get wet , they clump together and get moldy . All in all , I enjoy looking out at my yard and seeing this feeder filled with finches !
 Remove the three Philips-head screws beneath the bottom platform that hold the bottom platform to the tube and then the -LRB- Colibri -RRB- feeder looks like its picture , and larger birds that could perch on it can no longer feed from it . With the bottom platform removed , the only birds I noticed on the feeder today were goldfinches , and they ate from it voraciously throughout the day . There may be other small birds that will come to it and manage to feed from it , but the goldfinches I had rarely spotted before on the feeder were abundant today .
 If you love watching 12-20 busy finches on a nyger sock or mesh tube feeder , this feeder is NOT for you . Only a few finches can feed at once & they greatly prefer the other types of feeders . I had to hang a nyger sock next to this one and a macrame plant holder around it for perching to coax them to use this one even though they readily feed upside down -LRB- and rightside up -RRB- on the sock/mesh feeders . However , it will be a real asset in wet weather because the limited holes and the canopy will protect the seeds . For this reason I give it 4 stars & am happy with the purchase . Perhaps this feeder is more useful to keep out other birds in the Eastern parts of the country where it got rave reviews . I have dozens of yellow finches come to my feeders and no other birds . I hang black sunflower seed tubes right next to them for the purple finches and a few others but there 's no cross feeding . Ground eating birds come to clean up the dropped seed . Perhaps a matter of geography and slightly different bird species .
 Product is very good . Could be longer for more capacity . During recent snow storm , each feeding station was constantly in use . Anyone looking for a finch feeder should look at this product as there is very little waste and other birds do not feed on the thistle seed .
 Pros
 Goldfinches love this attractive feeder . I wanted to replace the flimsier , flexible , yellow-capped $ 10 - $ 13 upside-down feeders that break too easily , spill seed if you hold the feeder too tightly after refilling , and let in rain through the seed holes . As some reviewers have said , the drawback to the new feeder is that other birds can get to the thistle by reaching up to a hole ; it 's hard to believe that the feeder designer did n't anticipate this . Did n't anyone test the feeder before production ? Simply adding half an inch or so between perch levels would have solved the problem.On the plus side , the roof helps keep the seed dry , and the base , which would have been more useful if larger and concave -LRB- it is small and flat -RRB- , catches some of the spilled seed , and the goldfinches eat it there . I did n't remove the base , as other reviewers have done , because this feeder 's only pests -- house finches and sparrows -- can still sit on a perch and reach a hole above , so I left the base on to catch some seed.The good news is that house finches and sparrows prefer black-oil sunflower to thistle . As long as my sunflower feeders are not close to this feeder -LRB- mine are about 15 feet away -RRB- and have ample seed in them , the house finches and sparrows invariably go for the sunflower and ignore the thistle feeder , where they have to work a little harder anyway to reach up and take seed . And the goldfinches DO catch on to the upside-down thing right away ; they often eat upside-down on garden plants , so they have no problem with an upside-down feeder .
 The feeder looks nice still after some seasons - mostly sun and some rain . I use a clip to attach it to a tree branch.Take the bottom plate off . I think the only use for this would be if you are mounting it on top of a post ? Not sure.There are holes in the bottom of it regardless , not sure why . Air ? Air already gets in through the feeding holes . I ended up taking my caulking gun and filling them in with silicone -LRB- Entirely out of site -RRB- . But before I did this , any movement by the wind or heavy finch and seeds would fall out to the ground ? Still happy with the product though
 I have had this product about a month and found two things that could be changed . The holes and perches could be spaced further apart . I have seen the bigger sparrows on the middle perch stretching up to the top hole to get the seed . Also some birds sit on the bottom of the feeder tray to get the seed also . So its not only the finches that are getting to the seed , which the feeder claims to allow only gold finches to feed upside down . But it is one of the better feeders we have had outside those two things .
 Nice feeder it took about a week for the Finches to get the `` hang '' of it but they did and it works pretty good , except we have a few Redwing Blackbirds that have become addept at hanging upside down to steal some food!Nice feeder.J.Dixon
 Bought it for a Christmas gift for my Father-In-Law and he called me immediately after opening it just so happy . He loves it and so do the Finches .
 This type of feeder is great for feeding Goldfinches and NOT sparrows . We had one just like it that lasted for about three years . It might have survived longer , but it blew down in a storm and the UV-weakened plastic cylinder broke . The plastic is fairly thick and the rest is metal . The wide roof helps to keep the seeds dry , which is nice .
 I love my new gold finch feeder , and more importantly , so do the gold finches !! It is easy to fill and keep clean , and is constructed very well . I give this one a thumbs up !
 This is a great goldfinch feeder . I have owned two over the years . Great product !!! Highly recommended for your goldfinches
 My parents have lived in the same area for 49 years and have never seen goldfinches until recently . I bought this for my dad 's birthday to encourage more of the cuties to stay around . He loves it .
 I bought 3 of these birdhouses for Christmas presents . They are awesome in person . They are very high quality and the workmanship is great . The picture does not show the extra piece that is on the bottom of the feeder which only adds to it 's beauty . I have n't seen how the birds like them yet since they are presents , but I think the golden finches will love them .
 We 're looking forward to springtime so we can try out the new upsidefinch feeder .
 I bought it extra long knowing my German Shepherd would grow into it . I 've tried many other collars but most of them created a line around my dog 's neck . This collars lays on top of the fur , it 's very light and strong .
 After a few consults with area vets about my Husky 's skin condition -LRB- thick , blackened , scaley areas around his eyes , abdomen -RRB- my current vet did some online research and found these biscuits that totally resolved his condition . We tried pill supplements with zinc but these biscuits were the answer . He eats them daily as treats and I am forever grateful to my vet who took the time to find this cure !
 Every summer our lhasa apso/beagle mix would have severe dermatitis to the point where she would just sit and cry , whine throughout the night , etc. . Every summer we would go through courses of steroids , antibiotics , antihistamines and special baths . Still , she was miserable . Although she weighs less than 22 pounds , I now give her one Lipiderm capsule for large dogs each day . She has had no adverse reactions , digestive or otherwise . On the contrary , for the first time in 13 + years , she maintained her coat -LRB- no bare patches from scratching -RRB- and made it through the summer without a single costly trip to the vet or the side effects of steroids -LRB- incontinence -RRB- . She takes capsules like candy with just a bit of peanut butter on them . Only wish I had known about it sooner .
 I ordered this product because our cat was itching non-stop and had been for well over a month . After a couple of weeks of adding this to his food , the itching subsided . And it is very reasonably priced which is always a nice surprise . I 'm impressed !
 My cat got ate up by fleas , this seems to be helping her not scratch and bite at herself as much .
 My Vet prescribed Glucosamine for my dog because of a problem with her joint . I ordered this product and was amazed at the price , the quality of the product and the prompt delivery . I can heartily recommend this company for any such products . I definitely plan on ordering more .
 I was satisfied and the birds like it . It is hard to tell what it looks like in the picture but I was satisfied with the product .
 A great clipper for pets . I have two Yorkies and this clipper gives me the cordless flexibility to get the job done fast -LRB- they do n't hold still too long -RRB- . Very professional quality , not like the `` cheaper '' models -- very sturdy .
 I have been a professional groomer for over 30 years . Cordless clippers are the only way to go !! I use the Bravura all the time . It cuts smoothly and closely . Once you own a 5n1 cordless clipper , you 'll never go back to the old models .
 I absolutely love these clippers . It 's a very good quality product and perfect for pads and sani areas . Pairing these with the 5 in 1 size metal guard combs has been a game changer . The Bravura 's have definitely been worth their money . I use them all day , every day . If I only do the sensitive areas with them , I can go a full day to a day and a half with one charge -LRB- 4-6 dogs of varying sizes , mostly small though -RRB- . If I use them for a full hair cut with the guard combs or a # 10 I need to recharge them , but they fully charge in about 30 minutes give or take and you can still use them when plugged in . They are NOT meant to be a groomers only clipper . They do n't have the power of say the Andis AGC 2 speed -LRB- my real clippers -RRB- . They are an aid . They 're a lot quieter and do n't vibrate as much so it 's easier for the dogs to handle . It takes a minute to get used to the feel of them in your hand . I 've accidentally turned them off while grooming because of where the power button is , but they 've turned into an extension of my hand .
 I absolutely love this clipper . Loved it so much that I convinced a friend to buy one for herself ! I totally recommend . I 've had the clippers for about 7 months .
 I have used Lupine products for years for Dogs , Cats and Key chains . As for the collars manufacturing quality , materials , fit , guarantee , available patterns an colors can not be compared , they last for years . And one more great and rare thing they are MADE IN USA nuff said .
 Love the whole Lupine line - best out there - highly recommend - I 've been in the animal biz for well over 20 years - the only one we use !!
 Good harness , very sturdy construction , great warranty ! She ca n't get out of this one like she somehow does with most harnesses .
 Nice design and very well-made . Glad to find anything made in the USA these days . However , I would n't recommend this for a Pug , which is the breed for which I purchased it . The strap that runs from the chest to the belly is too long for a Pug , but would be fine for a larger dog . I had to get the 14 '' -24 '' size as Pugs are very broad-chested , but having the larger girth means having a longer chest strap . The rear loop that goes around the dog should be just an inch or so behind the front legs ; on this one it 's much further back . The causes the chest strap to `` bunch up '' when the dog sits , so having all that extra room means the dog gets his front feet through the neck loop quite often . I would definitely recommend this for a big dog , but not for a stout dog like a Pug .
 This harness is very strong and easily adjustable . It is much more comfortable for my pet than a leash . connected to a collar ; it holds up on her body rather than her neck . Also , no chance of slipping her collar ! Thank you AMAZON >
 The harness looks great on our Cairn Terrier . It is heavy duty for a frisky little dog . I am very pleased with the quality of the harness and the lifetime warrantee .
 This is an excellent product . The material is very durable , the clasps are durable and the rings are strong . I love the variety of available patterns too , they are very cute . I liked it so much I bought one for all my companions . The best part ??? They have a chew-proof guarantee too !!!
 The great thing about this harness is that there are multiple points that you can clip your leash to change the function of the harness . There is the traditional back clip which is great for a well behaved walker , but there is also an area on the front of the chest that you can clip your leash to to make it a more &#34; easy walk &#34; like harness , helps the dog to learn not to pull on the leash
 My vet told me about Lupine products as my dog is a chewer due to jaw issues . This is my second purchase as I had to send my first back for replacement -LRB- did not want to be without harness or leash while other was being replaced -RRB- No problems with replacement . Took less than 2 weeks for replacement . I would recommend this to anyone who has a chewer .
 I ordered this for my Rhodesian Ridgeback mix . She is about 65 lbs . My original intention was to use this when I take her kayaking . I figure it will be easier to help her back into the boat . I have n't used it kayaking yet but I tried it out for walking and I really like it . She was n't a big puller when walking but now she pulls even less .
 I have two dogs , and had bought their Lupine collars from the local humane society . The society had a harness to match the one , I went online to find this one . I made the mistake of ordering the Roman Harness versus the Step In that I thought I wanted . However , I now love the Roman style for my dog -LRB- it probably fits her better than the step in does for the other dog -RRB- . They wash up great , hold up to walking , running , playing , and playing in the water . The guarantee to replace if chewed up is an added bonus !
 This harness is exactly what I was looking for . I have been using an Ezy Dog , but it causes a lot of chaffing under my girl 's arms . The understrap is long enough that the girth strap sits around her midsection . It fits her nicely - 52 lb Shar Pei.I am impressed by the overall quality - the adjustment buckels and the closure pieces are plastic , but seem pretty tough -LRB- like the Ezy Dog -RRB- ; the straps are heavy and the print is much brighter than what is pictured . I like the way it moves with her and does n't pull or bunch when she sits . Plus , it 's made in the USA .
 We love all Lupine products - the quality is great , and it 's a great company . Our Golden has 2 Roman style harnesses -LRB- Brook Trout and Plain Green -RRB- , and we love them . The Roman is best because our dog ca n't slip out of them .
 I absolutely love the Lupine products and this harness is the greatest ! Fits my dog well and is so cute . No pressure on the neck when walking . Would highly recommend that everyone use a harness like this for their dog and you will surely love the Lupine ones with all their pretty colors . Lupine collars and harnesses have wonderful snaps and are extremely well made . And with a guarantee that is unbelievable as it is good even if the harness is chewed .
 This harness is perfect for a free-spirited , rescued Yorkie-poo . He was left on the back porch of our church and this harness just further convinces him that , in coming home with us , he has indeed won the doggie powerball ! While the fit is just a bit too large , I am sure our local shoe repair shop cane adjust it to make it tailored to fit this little boy 's build . I love the pattern !
 My 19 pound pug is very hard to fit , since her neck and head are about the same circumference . The harness fits great , I got 14-24 '' .
 looks good feels good fits great LOVE it i tried those step in harnesses but I 'm more a fan of these
 This harness fits my 7-lb French Bulldog puppy . However , it is challenging to put on her because of her large ears . I imagine it is easier for other dogs with smaller ears . Other than that , it 's super-cute , lots of compliments and its much more comfortable for her than a collar .
 We have a Lupine leash which we love , and bought this harness when our puppy got big enough for it . We love it - it 's stylish , fits well , and goes through the wash and comes out looking like new . It seems to be very comfortable on our dog , and we like that we 're not pulling her neck when we take her out . We have one in the butterfly pattern as well , but this sea glass pattern is our absolute favorite . Lupine products are guaranteed for life , and we know people who have sent them back after years of use and had no problems getting a replacement .
 I bought the wrong thickness but the harness it self works amazing . I have a female Jack Russell who 's a slender 14lbs so I needed something smaller for her but this is almost too thin . This would almost be a better fit for maybe a Yorke . It seems to be sturdy , my other Jack likes to grab a hold and yank on it but it has n't fallen apart yet !
 I got this because my dog does n't like groomers . Its really easy to handle and does a great job cutting . You 'll need to get instructions on how to cut a dog but this is way better than the clippers you get at the store and worth the money . Splurg and get the gards too !
 Perfect for small dogs -LRB- ours
 We bought this gate to keep our Scottie from getting downstairs by himself in our house . The safety label on the gate says it should n't be used at the top of stairs , which is good advise if you have small children in your home -LRB- we do n't anymore -RRB- , but it works well for us .
 This gate is easy to put together , easy to pick up & move , but once you put it down , the rubber on the bottom keeps it from being pushed by my bichons.Keeps the puppy in the kitchen at night , and during the day lets the cats go down to the basement while keeping dogs from falling down basement stairs!Great for small dogs , not meant for toddlers !
 The fact that this is a free standing gate makes it very versatile . I purchased both the small and the large so I can move them around and use them in different areas . The height is perfect for small dogs , especially when placed on areas without carpeting -LRB- they ca n't launch off of hardwood floors easily -RRB- . The height also makes them easy to step over . I always get positive comments about the appearance when guests visit . They look like furniture .
 We have a new Chihuahua puppy and this gate is great It looks great and is very functional and easy to set up and use . Keeps the puppy in and allows you to easaly step over it . I would highly recomend it .
 This works great ; is easy to step over , and is attractive enough to be at the top of a stairway in our front hall . Also our cat can easily jump over it to get to his litterbox downstairs . Our house is mission style so this fits in nicely . I know you 're not supposed to use it at the top of a stairway but I had to have something that was freestanding . Our stair has nothing to attach another type of dog/baby gate to without causing damage to the wall . My neighbor had one of these and when I saw it , I knew my search was over . Easy to put together , good construction , looks great . The lower height works since our dogs are not jumpers .
 I love these gates . They are both sturdy and very attractive . Gating off some of the problem areas in our house is really helping us housebreak our new puppy .
 This gate is amazing . After suffering through gates that destroyed my walls , this free-standing gate is what the doctor ordered . Easy to assemble and no need to move it , because you can just step over the gate . Plus , you can assemble it a little less wide than you need and your cat can get through to his food bowl , but the dog ca n't . Great product !
 I have several for different uses with my dogs and yes cats . The last 2 were to help keep a kitten away from a parrot cage . The adjustable length makes it easy to fit in nonstandard hallways , doorway and to block things off . I recomend this gate either size . It is so easy to step over but sure stops small dogs from stepping into trouble .
 I have experience with this brand and knew the quality would be exceptional . I was not disappointed . It is a strong and well made gate . I was worried that my jumpers would cruise right over this gate , but so far so good . I have the gate blocking a hallway , and it is easy for a short person like me to step over . It has several settings , and once you lock in the size you want , the gate stays at that setting until you break out the screwdriver and adjust the setting . I wanted a gate that could stand alone and not scuff up the doorway or attach itself to the door jam . This is the gate for that .
 This is a beautiful , furniture quality gate . It is solidly made . Assembly is easy . It is a height that is easy to step over , so you do n't have to move it every time . It is lightweight to move , yet stable , and easy to move from place to place . Changing the width does require unscrewing and repositioning the overlapping ends , then replacing the screws.As to this gate 's ability to restrain your dog , it will depend on your dog 's personality . Our pug never tried to jump it or push it aside , as a puppy or a 20-pound adult . Our new Yorkie puppy , on the other hand , was either worming her way around it or climbing/jumping it after 3 days , when she weighed four pounds .
 I could not be more pleased with this doggie gate . I never have liked the look of putting up some plastic or cheap wooden gate in my home . This gate was perfect , it adjusted very easily and is very sturdy . I am very impressed with the quality and styling . I purchased two and would purchased again if needed . I would highly recommend this product .
 These gates are great ! They are heavy enough so that a small dog can not move them and easy to move from door to door . Best part , no marks on the walls !!!
 This gate is great and attractive . I have 3 dogs the largest one weighing 18 pounds . They do not even try to jump it or push it . Thanks When i move i am going to need one of the longer ones . Will buy again .
 I bought this gate to keep my two Golden Retrievers out of my living room . This gate is exceptional in every way . Very easy to put together -LRB- only need a screwdriver -RRB- and it stands very sturdily . It is attractive and fits in with the decor with the rest of my home . I recommend this product very highly .
 We needed some kind of gate to block the dog from going into the closet where we keep the cats ' litter box ; he 's a Dachshund so the gate does n't have to be high , but had to fit the opening without walls on either side . This gate was n't cheap , but works perfectly for the somewhat unique situation , and seems of good quality that should last for a long time . We 're happy with it !
 Great looking barriers to keep my 4 Yorkies out of the den ... and I can walk over them easily.Easy to assemble and move around if necessary .
 This gate does the job handsomely . Whodathunk you can get function and beauty ? Do n't waste your money buying something cheaper that does n't quite fit your needs-you 'll end up paying the same or more when you despair and have to try something different .
 I bought 2 large gates and 1 small one ... . best investment I ever made . The gates are beautiful ... and keeps my dog from going everywhere . They are easy for us to step over ... and they serve the purpose just perfectly . I recommend them highly !!! I also get lots of compliments on them ... the nice thing too is that you do n't have to attach them to the walls .
 This is a fabulous pet gate . It 's very attractive and looks nice on our hard wood floors . It 's actually two pieces and you are supposed to use bolts to bolt them together but because they stand up so nicely without the bolts -LRB- and our dogs do n't stand up and put their paws on the gates -RRB- we never put the bolts in . This leaves us the option of walking through the gate if we wish rather than stepping over it . Would definitely purchase one of these again if I had a need in another part of the house . Of course , Amazon 's price was the cheapest I could find anywhere .
 We own three of these gates and they are perfect for our four small dogs . We can easily step over them to get from one room to another.We have two in our kitchen and we were able to adjust them so they fit perfectly to fit across our large kitchen entrance . We have had no problems with our dogs jumping over them.Very happy with our gates !
 The freestanding pet gate is a huge improvement over the permanently mounted or the pressure held gates . It provides the necessary security and yet is easy and safe to traverse or move . Additionally , it is a beautiful piece of quality furniture designed to compliment any home . My only regret is that I did n't know about these sooner .
 This little gate provides an easy way to block off an area for our small dog . It 's lightweight , so it 's easy to move when necessary , but stands up to the `` nosing '' that it gets from our shih tzu . It 's much more attractive than the baby gates we 've used in the past .
 These gates are great because they 're adjustable for whatever size opening you need to block ; they 're only 20 '' high , so they 're easy to step over AND they look great!I needed to prevent my puppies from attempting to climb stairs , but I did not want to scuff up my walls with the typical baby gate , nor did I want some plastic gate to detract from my decor - these gates fit the bill .
 We have two dogs and we have gone through a couple baby gates to keep them from going into our dining room . The baby gates made marks on our walls , and tripped us so many times that they always ended up falling off and getting bent . Plus , they are ugly . This gate is well-made , very attractive , stands on its own , and is easy to step over . Our dogs have never attempted to jump it -LRB- they are pretty respectful of boundaries -RRB- , but I would warn that some dogs might be able to jump over it . For us , it has been wonderful , and makes our living room look so much nicer .
 This gate is very solidly designed and built ; it does n't rattle or feel cheap like a plastic gate , and it 's a very nice color to boot . We put this as a deterrant for our golden retriever to stay away from our cat 's litter box . So far it works like a charm - it 's heavy enough to not get toppled over , low enough for humans and the cat to clear it easily . Great buy !
 Great price , easy to put together , looks nice , and most importantly - it does the job !! We have the gate sitting in front of our staircase , which we prefer over mounting a gate in the stairwell itself . We did try the latter , and it did n't work easily -LRB- due to thickness of baseboard at bottom vs. space to wall at top -RRB- ; plus , the gate was n't as nice as this one and it cost more . This one is low enough for people to walk over it , but my little yorkie wo n't even attempt to get around or over it . It can also be used to keep your pet in a room -LRB- i.e. , block the doorway -RRB- , which we do as well . Before the gate , we were using 2 cardboard boxes , so I would say we are VERY happy to have such a nice looking replacement solution ! : - -RRB-
 Great gate . . looks like a piece of furniture . Very easy to put together ... I did it myself without hubby . Very easy to move around . Confines my 3 little pups !
 I looked a long time , and compared a lot of prices . I read the reviews on this one , and pondered . I have two fairly large Chihuahua 's and three patio door size areas to block the dogs from entering . I love this gate . It is good looking , will fitwith any decor . I can move it from one area to the next . Do n't have to mess with `` springs . '' For my purpose this is perfect.The dogs have not attempted to jump over it . I hesitated due to the height , but it has worked for my dogs . There are no gates in pet stores that I would prefer over this gate re
 Really nice gate , well made , well packaged -LRB- box in a box -RRB- , looks super and is easy to use and step over . Buying 2 more now liked them so much . Much better than really heavy metal gate I ordered from another store FG which I returned . Speedy delivery . Recommend .
 Love this . Folds up for flat storage . Great adjustments . Well made . Looks very good in the house . Puppy stays on one side . Our cat can go over with ease .
 This is a really nice gate and truly is nice to look at ! It is well made and solid . It is easy to pick up and move out of the way or just step over . Perfect for our little Min Pin -LRB- who has a bladder control issue -RRB- and keeps him out of the hallway leading to the bedrooms , yet my children can easily step over it . This has prevented `` accidents '' on our new carpet we just had installed in the bedrooms . This was worth every penny !
 We had just finished renovating our home and did not want a gate marring our walls . This freestanding pet gate did just the trick . It is solid and sturdy and will not tip over . It is low enough to comfortably step over and high enough to keep our Labrador retriever from jumping over it . This may not be true for all large breed dogs , but she is not a jumper , so it works for us . It is the most attractive pet gate I have ever seen . Also works with small grandchildren too ! We are very pleased with this purchase .
 These gates are so pretty ! Much better than the suitcases we had been using ! -RRB- They actually look nice for such a utilitarian purpose.Our gates are in a prominent place in the house - so we see them all the time.I did not want something cheap looking in my place - although I did not want to spend a lot . For my purposes they work well as we have two 5 lb senior chi wow wows . No worries on them pushing through . It is not flimsy nor super light so seem like it would work for dogs larger and younger than ours . They have a Stickley or Mission furniture appearance.Now I need to figure a way to have a set mounted into the wall at the top of my staircase - so they can swing open and shut .
 I also have a larger pet gate and they are well worth the money!Richell Wood Freestanding Pet Gate , Large , Autumn Matte Finish
 amazon wants 20 more words , but there 's really not much more to say . richell obviously knows what they 're doing . i own two of these -LRB- one small , one large -RRB- and they 're both functional and attractive enough to be used in my living room . nice work guys !
 This is an excellent gate . Easy to assemble , sturdy , and it looks very nice in our home . Our dog is 10 lbs . and he is nowhere near able to get over the small version of the gate . Great alternative if there is a place in your house where you do n't want to see the plastic , baby-type gate .
 This is the best doggie gate you can get in my opinion . It 's flexible and adjustable . I used to have the baby gate style that clamped up against the wall and it just dug little round spots in my walls . This gate looks really nice and is REAL WOOD . I bought 3 of them so far and love them .
 We used this to keep our little guy from going up or down the stairs . It 's worked great over the past year or so and has never crashed down .
 Works great for small dogs . A larger dog would probably not be deterred . Looks nice and does n't mar the floor , walls , etc. . I like it because I can move it out of the house when company comes .
 This pet gate works perfect for keeping our dogs contained in an area when we are not at home . Looks much better than a plastic gate so it is n't such an eyesore to be kept out if needed . It is very sturdy as well , so there is no worry about it getting knocked over . Very happy to have purchased this product !
 We love our new pet gate-its nicely constructed and looks great -- it keeps our new puppy a Shih Poo in our kitchen -- the great thing is she can look at us when we go upstairs because the gate sits outside the doorway instead installing in between the doorway . And the family can walk right over it and not have to worry about opening and closing it !! Definitely recommend !!!
 Our small dog needed to be kept out of a section of our apartment . This gate works perfectly , nice quality and folds relatively flat .
 I have a 70 # dog and 8 # dog , my 8 # dog is pretty determined to get to my cat litterboxes and I have a cat that is unable to jump so I positioned this gate in my doorway that allows my cat to squeeze by but not my dog . it is not flimsy at all and when some of my fat cats jump over it their legs catch it and its never once tipped .
 I love this gate ! it 's soo beautiful and it 's solid with high quality . We use to use 12 '' closet shelving with the lip on the floor so it would stand at the entrances by itself , altho closet shelving was cleaner looking then the taller dog gates from other companies it was still not as pretty as Richell gates . My dogs are trained not to jump anything in doorways , rather it be 5 '' tall or 20 '' . We only like step over gates . It 's so much more easier and cleaner looking . Richell gates are beautiful .
 I loved this gate . It looks like a piece of furniture and not just a utilitarian gate . It is well made and easy to put together . It is easer to keep clean than ones that are kept in doors with pressure . I have three 19 lb Cavalier King Charles Spaniels . They could easily jump this height in an agility course . I first set it up with chairs around it so they could not get a running jump . They got used to the gate and when I removed the chairs they did not even try to jump . This is the second one I have gotton and I am going to get a third .
 Fits perfectly -LRB- it 's adjustable -RRB- in our door way and allows the dogs to see us on the other side . Got compliments on it that it looks fancy . Great investment .
 I purchased one of these almost a year ago to prevent my eight year old miniature dachshund from running up and down the stairs -LRB- as she is forbidden from doing stairs after developing disk disease and having back surgery -RRB- . Since that time we have also added a dachshund pup to the household and he is now 8 mos old -LRB- and also forbidden from the stairs for the sake of prevention -RRB- . The gate has worked wonderfully for keeping them where they are supposed to be , neither can get over or around it ! Even my brother 's rambunxious cairn terrier can not get over it -LRB- she climbs other gates -RRB- ! I am extremely impresed with the style and it has a sturdy construction and quality appearance as well as a low profile so that it blends nicely with my home 's mission style decor . It has not once marred the hardwood floors or left any marks anywhere and the freestanding design is very sturdy ! I also love that I can step over it easily instead of hurdling one of those terrible plastic gates or constantly opening and closing it . In fact , just as I am writing this review I am about to order a second one to replace a soft roll-out style gate that I had at another stairway as the 8 month old pup can now outsmart this barrier by wiggling his way inderneath and crawl right up the stairs after me . I highly recommend this gate !
 this is a nice and sturdy little gate . very easy to assemble , but a little overpriced for what you get .
 I have 2 small weenie dogs and needed to keep them in the kitchen and den while I am at work . I actually had to buy 3 because of the layout of my house . The gates work great and are very nice looking . They blend in with the furniture and just look classy ! So much better than the old `` baby gates '' I used to have . Because of the low height it is VERY easy to just step over . Also they are easy to store when you need to move them out of the way . If you need a lower reliable gate that looks great , this one is worth the money !
 We have 3 of these gates and they are the most attractive and best on the market .
 Great Item , easy to assemble , and place where you need it .
 Received the gates on time - easy to put together , decorative - only 12 '' high - lovely accent - exactly what I needed .
 Just as described and arrived quickly . Great for our dog .
 I 'm so happy that we finally found these gates . -LRB- we also purchased the larger one as well -RRB- . We have a little 9lb Shih Tzu who would constantly knock down her gates and escape :-RRB- It was amazing the things she would go through to get out of her area.When I found these gates that did n't require a door frame , I knew this is what we would need . By purchasing both size gates we were able to really extend our puppies area and she was so much happier.I only wish I would have bought these a year ago . To think about all the money we wasted on those cheapy doorway gates ... ugh !
 We have purchased two of these gates to keep our puppy out of the bedroom and away from the stairs . They are easy to assemble and look just like they do in the pictures . Highly recommended for a small dog .
 I was pleasantly surprised to find this on Amazon . I had seen these in high-end retailers for $ 150 and more , plus shipping . On Amazon , it 's even set up as Prime!As for the gate itself , it 's perfect . We have a 12 '' high , 13 lb . Cavalier King Charles Spaniel , and the height is perfect for us . It 's high enough to keep her in , and low enough to let us walk over it without a problem . The wood matches our house -LRB- a coincidence for us perhaps -RRB- , but it 's nicely put together and the wood is very high-end looking . The freestanding part of it works very well -- it 's very secure and solid .
 These gates are great for keeping our dogs out of the rooms we do n't want them in . The gates are attractive and can be easily set up to fit in the doorway or outside of the doorway so one can still open and close the door . They have a handsome furniture finish consequently their appearance is much more pleasing to look at as compared to the typical wire or plastic gates available . They do n't leave marks on the door frames as they simply set in place . Also , I price compared and this is the lowest price I could find for both the small and the large gates.Coincidentally , the gates are an added safety feature when our toddler grandson spends time with us .
 This pet gate is quality . It not only is attractive but sturdy . My little Westie stays securely behind the gate and does n't try to push it over as other flimsy gates I 've purchased . It looks like a piece of furniture in a room .
 The best thing about this gate is that it is free standing and can be used in spaces where a normal `` doorframe-held '' gate ca n't be put . Also it 's attractive wood , and not a metal eyesore . The downside of this is that the holes and screws for adjusting it to size , are not smartly planned . Once it 's put together , it stays that way unless you undo the whole thing . No quick way to make it larger or smaller -LRB- and I have need of that -RRB- . Also the pre-cut holes for screws are n't numerous enough . I was missing a screw too , so it 's held together by only one on top . I think it 's poorly designed in that respect . The screws are ` special ' and not something you have in your tool box . But I give it high marks for eye appeal and stand alone ability .
 The style of the gate is great and compliments a well furnished , well taken care of house . The dogs are effectively blocked from entering the area . The gate is easy to step over and has not scratched the floors -LRB- hardwood -RRB- .
 This gate is sturdy , easy to put together and works wonderfully to block our Scottish Terrier from getting down the hall . We were getting tired of having to leave our bedroom doors shut , not trusting our 9 month old Scottie from getting into mischeif . This is a very nice looking gate and is sturdy and is very easy to step over so you do n't have to keep moving it out of the way . It is also easy to fold up and move out of the way when needed . I LOVE Amazon reviews because the 5 star reviews are what made me decide on getting this particular gate !
 Ordered the small one , received the big one , which we use as 2 separate gates . They look good , lightweight and can easily be stepped over .
 I love this brand of gates . I have 3 small and a very large folding one ... they are beautifully built and look lovely in my home .
 We need to keep our dog out of the lower level of our house when we 're not home . He 's not very curious , so wo n't push it aside . Some dogs I 've had would , so it 's not for everybody . It 's easy for us to move out of the way so we do n't have to step over it to go down the stairs with a basket of laundry . Our 5 year old can move it easily when he wants to go down to play . Easy to assemble . A good product .
 The gate is very well made and easily moved since it is made to be free standing . It is very sturdy and looks ` high quality ' .
 We ordered this gate to fit around our bar as our 8 month old was constantly pulling wine bottles out of the bottom . It fit perfectly and looks really nice ! I ca n't stand the plastic gates because they look so cheap and annoying . This gate is pretty and perfect . Our baby loves to crawl up to it and lean on it . Its very sturdy and worth the cost .
 Finally a pet gate that DOES N'T look horrible and/or require that you damage walls !! This gate is heavy enough to stand on its own . It 's easily moved as needed and does n't require any connecting to walls . Love it !!!
 Liked it so well , this is our second order . Very useful and attractive . Only problem is our smallest dog can jump over it .
 I needed something to put at the top of my staircase to prevent my elderly dog from trying to go down -LRB- whereupon he would either fall going down or fall trying to go back up due to orthopedic issues -RRB- . Since this is also within sight of my living room , I wanted something that did n't look like a plastic baby gate . This fits the bill perfectly.It sits at the top of the steps , but permits enough room for a person to stand safely at the top of the stairs and step over the gate . It 's really pretty , too , so it does n't cheapen the look of the living room space.It 's not very tall , only about up to my knee , which means it is easily stepped over by a person . However , that also means that most dogs can easily get over it , if they were so inclined . I think a younger , more determined dog would n't be very deterred by this gate , particularly if it is being used to block a hallway or doorway . My dogs are large , but they are also both old and have learned to respect boundaries I establish .
 This is a very versatile gate that changes size with your whim , but I 've found the size that fits most openings in my home and it serves it 's purpose very well . My primary placement is at the end of a hallway leading to my bedroom , where I usually confine my puppy , and it is right off the entryway where there is an almost-matching bench.The edges are smooth , finish is excellent , no complaints at all about the finishing . It is lightweight enough that I can push it aside to get through with my walker or move it to another location . I do n't like the idea of several permanent attachments and this fits the bill ! The only thing - I have to be careful how I place it . If the baby Maltese can get his teeth around an edge of the wall or baseboard , he 's got himself convinced that he can chew his way out .
 This is a great product . I have had -LRB- and still have -RRB- several ` baby gates ' , and this is the best one I have ever purchased . All of the others are pressure gates of one sort or another , and this is by far the most attractive and convenient.It is tall enough at 20 '' to keep my Yorkie , Terrier mix , Doxie/Corgi mix and Maltese where I want them to stay -LRB- even my 45 lb Dingo mix will not cross -RRB- , but short enough to allow my cats to jump over into areas they are allowed to go . This is also much easier for me to step over -LRB- vs. the standard 26 '' pressure gate -RRB- . Simply pick up and move to the location you want it , and you are done . No more fighting with adjusting/readjusting the width to fit every time . No more pinched fingers fiddling with the adjustments.Assembly is easy , though you need to take a moment to analyze ` left ' from ` right ' on the provided instructions . At $ 80 it is a little pricey , but for me , the cost was well worth the added convenience.The only downside is , if you do want to adjust the width , it would require partial disassembly/reassembly , or multiple gates , which is not convenient and/or expensive . But , if you have a place you know you want to keep a gate permanently , or use only in a single location , this is the one for you .
 We have a cat who is an over groomer ... she is hyper and has n't had any hair on her belly for several years . The vet put her on prednisolone a couple of years ago but I just did n't like her taking that drug so long . So I started doing some research and found this product . After the first application she stopped her non-stop licking and now she has a belly full of hair .
 We have a cat who is an over groomer ... she is hyper and has n't had any hair on her belly for several years . The vet put her on prednisolone a couple of years ago but I just did n't like her taking that drug so long . So I started doing some research and found this product . After the first application she stopped her non-stop licking and now she has a belly full of hair .
 My dog gets seasonal allergies which cause him to have hot-spots . I have tried many products over the years , from corn starch to holistic products , with only marginal success . This gel heals the spots FAST !
 I do n't know what this thing has in it , but it works great . Some times I 'm tempted to use it on my own occasional bruises and rashes too . It works great on the dog .
 Got this to treat hot spots my dog gets during the summer from allergies . Also effective for minor abrasions . Seems to clear up the hot spot fairly effectively . Also use some anti-allergy pills . Only problem is keeping him from licking the spot . Use Bitter Apple to reduce licking , also large bandages pads .
 great sinking driftwood , bigger than describedvery nice , very happy , looks just like in pics 2 tone driftwood , way better than zoo med -LRB- which does not sink -RRB-
 If your pet engages in , er , `` inappropriate elimination , '' normal cleaners do n't do the trick to get the smell out . This stuff works pretty well , although it seems to take a few days for the smell to really fade . I believe there are other similar products that may work just as well , but I liked this one because I was able to purchase it for a good price ... and I got a handheld UV light at the same time . I got a kick out of crawling around the house like Grissom from CSI , looking for all the cat pee . Of course , the thrill of that activity wears thin after a while .
 It 's seldom that I write reviews but this product impressed me so much that I felt I needed to.We recently bought a nice couch off Craig 's List for an amazing price . The catch ? The owner had a little dog which left an odor on the furniture . I really did n't notice the odor til we got home with it and I immediately went to work on it to see what I could do . I tried several applications of Febreeze extra strength to no avail . I steam cleaned the couch a few times which helped somewhat but still the odor remained . At that point I was at my wit 's end with it and decided to try the internet for some advice and came across this product.I sprayed a heavy coat of Simple Solution on the couch just before I went to bed . The next morning I was amazed at the results . The pet odor was gone!I should note that for cleaning purposes I did n't find this product to be extraordinary but for it 's unbelievable usefulness as an odor remover I have to give it 5 stars overall.There is no telling how much Febreeze we 've bought over the last couple years but Simple Solution put it to shame . Anyway , I 'm raving too much and starting to sound like a commercial lol . With a good marketing campaign behind it , this product could do really well . After using it , I 'm a believer .
 Love the Simple Solution for my puppies accidents , but it works great on other stains as well . I wo n't be without it !
 Excellent product . If this is not eliminating the odor it is not being used correctly . To completely eliminate odor you must use an amount of product equal to the amount of the original stain , if a cup of urine soaked into the carpet and sub floors it will take a cup of product to saturate just as deeply to eliminate the stain/odor . I have had great results using this on pet and human accidents . Just miss the concentrate , why is no longer available ?
 This is the first product review I have ever felt compelled to submit . This product absolutely does the job as it claims . I have light colored carpet and a puppy who is doing his very best to learn my house rules . When the little guy chooses a convenient spot in the house to answer nature 's call - instead of outside in the Colorado snow or on a pad in one of the bathrooms - this product completely eliminates all trace of it , including the odor . Dogs return to their same odor and he NEVER returns to a spot that has been cleaned with this stuff . Actually I have even started using it in my carpet cleaner machine for dirty , non-dog-related spots because it cleans so well . I highly recommend this product . Note
 We have a cat who had crystals in her urine and took to urinating on lots of different things , including our dirty clothes . The smell would n't come out of some of the clothes even after multiple washes in normal detergent so I bought this to try . I 've done all of our laundry with it so that now the crystals are gone she wo n't smell the enzymes and continue to urinate on our dirty clothes . It 's working great ! I 've been adding 1/3 cup of the solution to each load of laundry - without my normal detergent . At first I was just using the solution and the clothes smelled fine , but they were sort of ... not as soft as I 'm used to . So I 've been using my Downy Ball and now they 're perfect ! I recommend this product to anyone with similar issues .
 Ladies and gentlemen this really is the best product for stain/odor on the market , I have sworn by it for 4 years now . I have tried many products that had little or no results ... I have children and pets and Im a `` clean freak . '' Everyone enjoys life more in a clean and fresh home.Just to tell you how good it really is ... I have 4 cats -LRB- fully grown -RRB- and now 1 -LRB- 8 week old -RRB- puppy -LRB- and I only smell them when they are close to me -RRB- . Even when pets dont eliminate on rugs or floors ... we all want to refresh our furniture and rugs because the natural smell of wet dog or pet smell builds up after a week or two . Two of the cats are actually mine and the other two are guests while the owners are away ... the quest pets -LRB- cats -RRB- have very poor manners . Both of these cats were quite insistant on spraying the rug in the playroom so that I was having to steam clean the rug every day ... and the smell was just toxic.While this product has a strong scent when you first spray it down , it is worth the buy ... very very worth it . The rug in question costed me $ 300 so as you can imagine I was not wanting to just trash it within only 3 months of buying it . The strong scent of simple solution is not that big a deal , once the spray dries , it just smells fresh and clean ... if you have allergies or kids or small pets ... put the pets away in a room with a window that opens , put on something to cover your mouth and nose , spray the rugs with the simple solution , and open the windows so it dries faster . You ca n't beat the result of this product on stains and elimination smells ... so it really is worth the tiny bit of extra effort and the mid-range price . My only suggestion about where to get it is to buy it here on amazon ... so that you dont pay just as much or even more in shipping than you do for the product.The rugs I sprayed the simple solution on are much cleaner ... before I sprayed them with SS , I would not smell or see the pet stains all the time but when I had to move the rugs to clean the tile floor underneath , the smell and stains were so bad that it made my stomach turn . Since I sprayed this down and let it dry I have turned the rugs over and very little of the -LRB- once very big -RRB- stains are showing even on the bottom of the rug and the disgusting and toxic smell is GONE !! It works so well that the 8 week old pup shows no interest in marking or eliminating on the rugs ... trust me ... that alone speaks for the product .
 This product should be rated 10 stars ! Upon taking in some rescued cats , two of my other ones have decided they need to mark and spray . Never having had this problem before , I tried `` Simple Solution '' and is has been wonderful . The stains and odors are gone . My `` Cat vs Cat '' book had some suggestions and after I use Simple Solution , I spray the areas with Feliway and this has definitely helped cut down the marking .
 This is I guess the replacement product for Bramton 's Outright pet odor eliminator , which was the best pet odor eliminator hands down ever invented ! This stuff is just as good and you dont even have to mix it with water . Just perfect ! Nuff said !
 I have a male and female chihuahua . Though they both are fixed , the male feels he must mark everything in the spring and fall.I was at my wits end when I finally saw this product.I do n't know why there are reviews that say it has a strong odor . I am very sensitve to this and did not find any odor at all.Just spray , dab and let dry . I used it on old and new spots . Works perfect the first time on the new spots and they do not reapeare . On old spots that have been gone over with a rug cleaner containing hot water , I did find that I need to do it again since they reapeared after a couple of weeks . The 2nd try worked perfect.I also used it on some blueberry pie filling my son dropped on the rug , which had dried . For this I had to do twice also , but it did work.As the bottle recommends , you really must saturate the area or it will not work well . After going through 2 bottles , I found that tilting the bottle and spraying the rug from an angle , as opposed to straight down , you will use much less , yet it will work just as well.I highly recommend this product .
 We have a english sheephound puppy who 's growing by the day . This product has been priceless in dealing with the puppy 's accidents on the carpet . There is no scent left of the accident which means the puppy is n't as likely to go there again . As time has gone on , he 's gotten a lot better but for the first several months , this was a lifesaver . Highly recommend .
 Glad I ordered this ! It works great ! My cats litter box never had an odor to it anyway , however , I wanted to keep it smelling fresh and this product does the trick . Thanks !
 We removed some very old carpet -LRB- to replace -RRB- only to find the most thoroughly and horribly urine soaked subfloor imaginable . Trying hard to avoid replacing it , we began scrubbing it with Pine Sol type products only to have the odor become much worst when wet to the point of being nothing short of choking . I was sure we 'd have to replace it when a friend recommended Simple Solutions and I saw the glowing reviews here and elsewhere . We bought a bottle from the local Hollywood Feed store and used it liberally and full strength . The stench began to dissipate and after just one application it is 100 % gone ! I would never have believed it possible and I ca n't praise this product enough . We plan to seal the wood with primer -LRB- just to be extra cautious -RRB- but I 'm confident the odor is history . I ca n't wait to try the spray version on some small furniture stains I have . Either way , I 'm sold !!
 This product is a must-have for pet owners ! It gets rid of stains and odors really well . After house-training a puppy and dealing with several of my dog 's stomach viruses , my carpet still looks fine !
 I like this product seems to do the job as described . I have n't had any pee marks reappear on the carpet so I think it got it all up .
 This stuff does exactly what it says
 after reading all of the reviews I figured this was my last resort for a cat that destroyed my carpet ... the solution really does work . depending on how deep the stains are you may have to soak the solution into the carpet to get it deep enough but after trying many other items , this is the first one I found that actually does work .
 This stuff is amazing !! completely gets rid of the scent and stain . Our little guy had a rather large accident on our white sheets and comforter and we soaked it with this stuff . 20 mins later it was pure white again , and the scent gone . I used this stuff everywhere during house training
 This is the best stain remover I have ever tried -LRB- for all types of stains , including pet stains -RRB- , gets rid of odors and stain like magic , fast and I never have to re-use !! Works the first time and when it dries the stain isjust gone . Highly recommend it !
 I bought this based on previous reviews as I was desperate since smell was pretty overpowering . Our old cat had multiple accidents in the living room . Although I repeatedly cleaned carpet with other products , the smell remained . Am not overly fond of the smell of this product -LRB- still better than odor of urine -RRB- , but once it dry 's in a couple of days no more odor from cleaner or urine . The one mistake I originally made was not saturating the area enough to get down to the pad the first time and smell remained . I believe this occured because I used the simple solution with a spray top . This bottle has a pour opening on top so you can really saturate . Once I repeated correctly , the odor was completely eliminated . Can not comment on stain removal as there was no stain evident but sure does take care of odor 's .
 I have 5 dogs , 5 ferrets and a cat so I use a lot of different cleaners . This is one of my favorites . It comes in large sizes and it removes the `` funky '' smell you get with multiple pets . I use this in conjunction with Petrotech and I recommend them both to my friends .
 My 3-month-old Yorkie puppy has her share of accidents , but my house has NONE of the urine odors because of this product . It removes the odor of urine and leaves a pleasant smell instead . This product is sprayed on the soiled area , wait 10 minutes , then blot excess moisture . Allow to dry ; problem solved .
 I go this for use with our new puppy who is still in the course of potty training . I use it on hardwood floor -LRB- leaving it just damp for a minute or so -RRB- and our non-plush wall to wall carpet . It lifts smells effectively , my only downside is that the bottle is somehow `` primed '' to squirt out a ton of liquid , so great care must be taken to not put too too much . Do n't love that design as I 'm going through it faster than should be expected . Otherwise , 5 stars .
 This product works for me all the time . Have tried other products , but this is the best for pet accident cleanup.Delivery was very quick
 When we first moved into our new -LRB- to us -RRB- house , our animals immediately picked up on the fact that the prior owners had shared their space with pets as well . Immediately my boys began sniffing , and marked their territory in a couple of spots . After being scolded , they did n't do this any more , but the smell still remained . I stocked up on Simple Solution and doused our entire basement according to directions , then used my carpet cleaner . I then did a vinegar rinse , then a water rinse , and 90 % of the smells were gone . I let it dry thoroughly , then did it again , and I have n't had any more issues with residual smells or my dogs feeling the need to mark their territory . It comes in great handy as a cleaner for all other pet related messes as well , ranging from hairballs and barf to pawprints . It 's a great product for the price .
 My cat poops on the carpet and the smell gets stuck in the carpet . This is the only thing that remotely gets the smell out . I originally bought it for 3 dollars , so I do feel like it is expensive here .
 I love this ornament . I placed it in my 65 gal freshwater tank . It is very realistic looking . It does not have that &#34; plastic &#34; look . Many fish need places to hide . This ornament allows the fish to swim into it .
 My cat loves these things ... the only downside I have found is that he systematically destroys them . He likes to chew on the tape that holds the feathers to the stick . He also enjoys pulling the peices of feather out . This and a couple of his other toys have to be kept out of his reach in cabinets .
 At first my cat was n't at all interested in this toy . It took a few weeks and now she loves it . It has a very long flexible pole and my cat will even drag it out herself and try and get me to play with her with it .
 We have two Basset Hounds , both with varying degrees of allergies . The main culprit is grass and as we live in CO , there is always grass exposed in our yard . This stuff really really calms down the itching and redness that they almost always have , and keeps the funky hound dog smell to a minimum . It can be hard to determine if all of the shampoo is rinsed out because it is not super sudsy and makes their fur really soft so I dilute it in a cup of water to make sure i get it spread evenly through out all of their fur , and it 's easier to rinse out that way .
 We have a yellow lab who kept getting one hot spot after another . We were constantly going to the Vet . Since we have been using the Vet 's Hot Spot Shampoo , he has not had one . The shampoo leaves his fur so soft and clean smelling . I am so pleased with this product .
 We purchased this shampoo for our four year old female mastiff . She had managed to get a nasty case of fleas which turned into a lasting skin problem . Her tail and back -LRB- at the base of her tail -RRB- were constantly scabbed or bleeding and she -LRB- of course -RRB- seemed to ` need ' to snarffle back there at night while sleeping on the floor in our room.We dropped the shampoo off at the kennel when we left Figgy for a long weekend and we were AMAZED at the beautiful , fresh smelling , happy and itch free dog we came home to ! We had used the Hot Spot spray on her with good success but due to her size we had n't tried bathing her at home . WOW ! The kennel asked where we found the shampoo and immediately ordered some for themselves . We 've since given this away as gifts to friends and family who have itchy dogs.POSITIVES-Kills the itchLeaves coat shiny and silkySmells GREATlasts ! -LRB- she did n't need another bath for about six weeks ! -RRB- NEGATIVES - a little pricey for dog shampoo , but cheaper at Amazon than anywhere else !
 This is our favorite . We have two Golden Retrievers and Vets Best make them clean and smell soooooo good ! I always dilute this just a little because it is very concentrated , but mostly because it 's EXTREMELY EXPENSIVE -LRB- why is dog shampoo more expensive than mine ! -RRB- , so I use it about every other bath . All of the Vets Best formulas are very effective , but we just LOVE the scent . Wish this was more affordable so I could use it all the time .
 This Shampoo has been a LIFE SAVER !!! I have a white german shepherd that is allergic to EVERYTHING . He has several food allergies , environmental allergies , and to top it all off he 's allergic to humans . We 've spent tons at the vet on allergy tests , allergy therapy , special food and pills pills pills . We even bought the vets hypoallerginic shampoo , and he broke out after using it.Immediately after a bath his skin is less red and irritated , and unlike other shampoos he does n't get itchy from being washed . Its not a cure all for allergy suffering pups . But it definitly helps our dog and gives some much needed relief .
 I ca n't begin to explain why this shampoo works so fast , but it really does . I have a cat who had been suffering from dermatitis . Tried putting her on hypo-allergenic food , hypo-allergenic bedding , hypo-allergenic everything , nothing helped . Tried conditioning wipes which only helped temporarily . Finally decided to try this shampoo after hearing wonderful things about it . Let me tell you , washing a cat is not fun times . But it was so worth it . Her dermatitis cleared up and has not returned . I used the dilution instructions for the shampoo , and doing it that way worked great and will make the shampoo last a lot longer if you need it to -LRB- I have n't needed to re-use it yet -RRB- . Highly , highly recommended .
 I have used this product for sometime , having first tried it on my dog who had skin allergies . It was obviously very soothing for her and it SMELLS so GOOD !!! I love the fragrance of the tea tree oil and it stays with the dog for quite some time . I continue to use this product with my other dogs just because I love the way it smells on the dog and it makes their coat really shine . So even if your dog does n't have skin problems , this shampoo is a wonderful choice !
 I have used this product for the last five years and it is great . I have dogs with grass allergies and this helps sooth their skin . I only bathe my dogs once a month and this keeps them smelling fresh for the entire time . I also do only natural flea control -LRB- the chemicals make my small dog sick -RRB- and the tea tree oil in tis shampoo it a key component it keeping fleas and ticks off my dogs . Since I have been using this i have lived on a horse ranch and currently live in a rural area and this still helps with flea control . I would definitely recommend this product .
 we ordered this shampoo for our dog Gomez who seems to have very sensitive and dry skin , he gets these itchy patches on his back and tail that are like really bad dandruff . Any parts he could lick or bite were balding and full of painful sores from the biting . We have used this shampoo on him a couple times now and have noticed even from the first wash that he does n't chew on himself and the flakes on his back were almost completely gone for about a week after his first wash . I do n't think it will fix all his skin issues but it gives him so much relief , he seems much more comfortable and happy now that his sores are going away and he does n't itch ... and I ca n't wait for his hair to start growing back .
 Our dog chewed at his upper legs constantly . The hair in these areas would stay matted and damp because he chewed so much . We had tried several products including oral medication from the vet . Nothing worked until we found this . We spray a small amount once a day on the hot spots and that controls the itching/scratching/chewing for 24 hours . When our dog sees the bottle , he rolls over in anticipation . It 's inexpensive , easy to use and provides him with almost instantaneous relief . We have had no problem with side effects . It does have a distinctive smell , but we do n't find it offensive .
 This may not be the answer for everyone 's itchy , red dog but it certainly works as temporary relief for many dogs . Have purchased before and will purchase again .
 I have four dogs that occasionally start getting itchy for whatever reason , especially my lab , who seems to have the worst allergy symptoms , including hot spots if not caught soon enough . Between giving her the allergy support pills , also made by vet 's best , I give her a bath with this shampoo when I notice her scratching a lot and the problem is solved.As a side note , though I feed my dogs very high quality dog food and contribute their allergy/itchiness issues to weeds in their country living environment , I had a friend who went into a customers home in another state to do some work and found from the older homeowner that her dog had some itchiness issues . Without knowing anything about his diet , only that he was a city dog and got regular baths , my friend got my recommendation for what dog shampoo I used , went out and bought this product locally for his customer to try and in follow up visits on work he was doing at her house , discovered that the dog was almost completely healed of his itchy spot without any other changes or medications . So if you have an itchy dog , for any reason , I 'd definitely recommend trying this product . It not only has healthy ingredients , it also works !!! Just a fair warning though ... you do have to lather the dog and let it sit on them , which may or may not be the longest few minutes of your lives , but it is worth the wait , so do n't let that deter you .
 I use this on my large dogs for summer itch and it really works . The only problem is that I can not find the concentrated version which mixes with water anymore . It lasted much longer than this regular shampoo version . One 16 oz . bottle is almost gone when bathing my four large dogs in one use . The concentrated version was much better !
 Perfect for my Shih Tzu who has allergies . Smells terrible when you first put it on the dog , but you get used to it quickly . Leaves fur smelling great and smooth . Reduces itching .
 Only used this once but it seems to work . Probably need to use it more and more often to get a for sure .
 I bought this for my pointer that has a flea allergy and had been having a horrible time sleeping with all the itching . The product is more liquidy than other shampoo 's we 've used in the past but it worked wonderfully and did n't smell bad at all . In combo with the Adams Plus Flea and Tick Dog/Cat Mist Spray with Precor this helped our dog with her itching and she no longer has all the red flea bites go away .
 My puppy has allergies and so she is always scratching . After using this shampoo on her the first time , she does n't scratch as much and her coat looks very shiny and feels soft . It also smells great and lasts until her next bath day .
 I have used this product for many years and it has disappeared from the shelves so I was delighted to find it through Amazon . It 's a safe/reliable product and helps to repel mosquitos , chiggers , and other outdoor biting pests . HIGHLY recommended along with the spray , which I use prior to going outdoors .
 We have a Rat Terrier with Addison 's disease as well as numerous allergies . My wife has been a professional dog groomer for the past 15 + years and works with a number of vets . Needless to say after years of trying this and that product , it seems in our opinion that the line of Vet 's Best products seem to work the best and last the longest for our dogs allergy irritations / redness / itching / scratching & bitting . The added bonus that the shampoo as well as the spray leave your dog with the pleasant tea tree smell , instead of some flowery cover up type of perfume is great.We highly recommend these lines of product!Vet 's Best Seasonal Allergy Support Supplement for Dogs , 60 TabletsVet 's Best Hot Spot Shampoo , 16-OunceVet ? s Best Vita-Derm Healthy Skin and Coat Supplement for Dogs , 16-OunceVet 's Best Hot Spot Spray , 16 oz .
 I 've used this shampoo on old Duke for 6 or 7 years and its by far the best I 've found . When Pet Smart stopped carrying it I ordered it direct . The only difference is that this is premixed vs. the old procuct that was concentrated - no biggie !
 As assistant manager at the animal shelter - using this product when we get dogs with hot spots-it really helps them .
 This product is wonderful . We have lots of old rabbit urine stains in our carpet and I thought for sure we would need to replace it . I tried this as a last resort and lo and behold it took the stains right out , no scrubbing at all . It was like magic . The smell is not bad at all , very light and pleasant ! Two thumbs up for sure !
 This takes up the stain extremely fast and NO smell is left what-so-ever ! I have recommended this to all of my friends . I also recommended it to a friend of mine who moved into a house with a cat smell - a little spraying and the smell was gone ! Love it !!!
 This stuff is great . I have an 8 year old miniature poodle who has difficulty remembering that he needs to pee outside . I 've tried almost everything to get the smell and stain out of the carpet , and this is the best stuff I 've ever used . When first applied it has a light , pleasant odor that dissipates quickly . I 've been using this for about 3 months , and so far the stains have not come back .
 It was easy to use and soft enough for my little dogs fur and skin . She also loved it when I brushed her cause she gets hot spots that itch and a regular comb/brush is too hard and hurts her . All in all a great product .
 Both my senior dogs really enjoy the soft nubs for massage and brushing . My 11 year old generally avoids the brush because of metal bristles , but she really enjoyed the massaging effects of this brush . Both get very hyper after brushing them with the Bamboo Dog Body Brush , so it must be doing something right ! I have n't tried the shampoo qualities on it yet , but will once the weather warms up .
 This is a nice product for a larger size dog or puppy . It is a bit big and heavy for my 3 lb puppy . Great for a dog massage while bathing .
 My cat was peeing in several areas for some reason instead of his litter box for months , despite trying everything . We sprayed this and now he uses his box and stays away from the sprayed areas . I will definitely get this again .
 This spray keeps my cats from clawing my furniture ! One application lasts 3-7 days . -LRB- I think the product desciption might have said it lasted longer . -RRB- It does smell strong at first so I apply it at night before bed . I will definitely buy it again !
 The product does what it says it does that I ca n't dispute and it seems to last quite a while BUT the can I received petered out 1/2 through being used meaning no spray but still plenty of product in the can . I guess I could have said something about it but 4 months later ... not worth the trouhle .
 I have two cats that love to sit on my couches . I use this spray in the evening before bed and in the morning before I leave for work , and it deters them from getting on or near the couches . There is a slight odor that eventually dissipates , but a wall plug in air freshener helps to reduce the odor of the spray .
 one of my neighbor 's dog was pooping in front of my door and the neighbor would n't clean up after him/herself . i started spraying this and the dog has n't gone again . you have to spray it everyday
 Thank goodness for this stuff - it removes the stain and the odor and makes me love my grandpuppy even more
 We have a cat that decided he was n't using the litter box for a while . We 've tried other products like Nature 's Miracle -LRB- which did n't work for us -RRB- and the smell always persisted . As you might know , this smell is just horrid.A coworker suggested Simple Solution , and so far it 's worked the best out of anything we 've found . Make sure to follow directions -LRB- blotting up the liquid after letting it sit for a bit -RRB- because otherwise it spreads the mess around and does n't work nearly as well . While it dries , it does n't smell bad -LRB- again , Nature 's Miracle made the smell worse while drying ! -RRB- and just smells like generic cleaner chemicals.Afterward , the smell is definitely less , although it still smells faintly if you get on the floor and smell the carpet directly , and also sometimes during hot days -LRB- it 's been 100 degrees F here -RRB- . Overall , we are super pleased with Simple Solution for the cat accidents .
 this product works just the way it says it does . removes stains and odors the 1st time used . very happy , and would order again . only complaint is that it could of been packaged a lot better . cap was broken on arrival . box was pretty banged up with not much packing material inside . luckily nothing spilled and i am using it in a differnt spray type bottle . hopefully next time a little more care is put into the packing and shipping .
 This is the best stuff ever . I have a boy Pommie and I used this stuff by the gallon when he was a pup and now use it to remove odor and stains whenever he has an '' accident '' . It has never disappointed .
 I have used this product for a few years and it is a great product ! It removes odors without leaving a chemical smell .
 This is without a doubt the best on the market . You spray this on the carpet , furniture , where ever they have an `` accident '' and it goes away . Absolutely goes away . Leaves no stain , no odor . It 's a miracle . For new puppies , old dogs , it works better than anything I 've ever seen . And it smells good.It is the most amazing thing I 've ever used . If I could give it ten stars I would .
 this stuff works great . . takes the smell right away . . dont bother with natures mirical . . doest work . . smell comes back !
 I 've been using this product for 5 years . When I ca n't find it , I 'm always disappointed in other products cuz they DO NOT compare to Simple Solution ! With 3 dogs and 2 cats I got ta have something that works 100 % and Simple Solution does the best !!!
 We have 2 cats and 4 dogs 2 of them are puppies . Accidents tend to happen -LRB- or the cat finds a corner it likes and totals it . -RRB- Dab up as much as you can first then apply and let sit for 10 min and dab it up again and the odor never comes back . This is n't very effective with old stains however -LRB- I have n't found anything that is . -RRB- So if you get on top of it as soon as you can -LRB- when it 's still wet -RRB- then you have a fighting chance . If it has time to set you 're basically SOL . I 've tried a number of different products on the market , Hoover Pet Shampoo for carpet cleaners , which works okay but can leave soap residue trapping the pet mess in the carpet if you do n't extract enough of it , the brushes of the carpet machine can also ` grind ' it further into the carpeting . I 've tried Natures Miracle with limited -LRB- read ` no ' -RRB- success . This is the only thing that I 've found that works 100 % and does n't leave anything to ` encourage ' them to go in the same place . I can also put it in the carpet cleaner and can do large areas if I need to.Great product , and fairly inexpensive and the only thing we will use in the house from now on .
 If you have dogs , cats , kids or messes of any kind-you need this stuff . It 's amzaing ! Removes stains & odors and leaves a clean and pleasant scent . We 've been using it for 2-3 years -LRB- bought it a Kroger-in the pet aisle -RRB- and then realized what a much much better value we could get by using Amazon . Pet urine is no match for Simple Solution -LRB- nor dried spaghetti sauce ! -RRB-
 This is the best stuff i have ever used for kitty barf . Fur balls happen , this makes the smell and mess go away . I 've used other products with no where near as good of results .
 The best product in it 's class . Follow the instructions and use liberally to see -LRB- or smell -RRB- the best results . I 've tried a number of these products and this is by far the best .
 it works and works quickly . no obnoxious smell either . i have five cats and would definitely recommend this to any pet owners out there .
 Been using it for years , works great . I have 3 cats and 3 Chihuahuas . Sometimes accidents happen but Simple Solution works first time , everytime .
 We have been using Simple Solution Stain & Odor Remover for years and find it to be excellent for pet accidents in the home . The price at Amazon is much cheaper than what Pet stores charge so it 's a win/win product for the consumer . If you want to ensure that pet accidents do n't stain your carpets and that the odor is removed then this is the product for you !
 Easy to carry and pour . I have a small dog and he eats the miniature bits so it pours out pretty well even through the spout . Much better than the paper bag .
 best training pads ever , my dog will only use pads from this company . i tried the pads on sale from 4 paws but my dog hates them , cant go wrong with this product .
 I purchased two bundles of Brampton Company puppy training pads for my 10 year old Pomeranian . They work great . They are big enough for her to move around and pick a spot . I recommend them highly .
 These pads are really great . I have two small dogs and they do their business mostly inside in winter time . Never had an accident , the pads bottom hold the liquid very well . I recommend .
 We used Simple Solution pads to housebreak our Welsh Terrier Reilly when she was a puppy . They worked so well we 've been using them ever since then . Reilly is now 7 1/2 years old . Even though she 's housebroken , we always keep two pads by the back door . That way , when we go out or if Reilly ca n't wake us up in the middle of the night when she has to go , we avoid accidents in the house . We 've tried other brands in a pinch ; Reilly wo n't use them . Simple Solution pads are simply the best !
 My little dog likes to pee on the edge of the sheet for some reason . so I put a bigger sheet of plastic under it for extra protection in case the dog pee gets on my bathroom floor.It 's def good value for the money .
 I love the smell and feel of the soap but it 's kind of expensive . I wish I could find it locally .
 I have a golden who actively seeks out her Canine Cooler , wherever I move it upstairs ... she 'll eventually find her way to it at night so she can have a peaceful , cool nights sleep.I had my first for almost 18 months , before it developed a small leak . I did tend to move it alot , which probably did n't help . It was replaced under warranty , and I 've used the second one for over a year with no problems.I 'm actually thinking of purchasing one or two more for use in other areas of the house .
 Our Husky/Wolf Zia loves her cool bed . I will say that we went though 2 in the course of 2 years when like the reviewer Brooks mentioned , the seems leaked . The company was very nice and replaced them after we sent them a portion to examine . They must have had a lot of beds with quality control issues . The 3rd CoolBed has been fine for a good 2 years now so I think they fixed the issue . If not for the quality control issues with the first 2 beds , I 'd have given the rating 5 stars .
 We read the reports for these beds and saw mixed reviews about them ... mainly that they leaked in a very short time . We have two Great Pyranees dogs that are about 100 lbs . each and really needed something to help them get through the hot weather in East Texas . It has been at least three months and we have not had any problems . The dogs take to them without hesitation and do n't get up all stiff like they used to . I recommend them to anyone with a large dog that is more likely to have joint problems , etc. . BTW , we filled it to within a half a gallon of the recommended maximum - maybe this helped minimize leakage problems . Good luck !
 I love these beds ! I bought two several years ago and they lasted quite some time , until my puppies decided to use them as wrestling toys . I was able to patch them with standard waterbed patch kits and they lasted about another 6 months , until I finally had to give up and throw them away -LRB- they got kinda stinky -RRB- . Well since the summer months are coming up I decided to buy another one and I 'm so glad I did ! I forgot how great these beds are . The absolute most important thing to remember is FOLLOW THE INSTRUCTIONS . Do NOT over fill these beds and keep track of how many quarts you have put into the bed ! If you have an extra set of hands to help you fill , that works even better . I found the best method is to have someone hold the valve corner up at an angle , insert a plastic funnel -LRB- not metal , it might tear the bed -RRB- and begin filling . If you follow the instructions , you 'll be done in no time . It might sound like a lot of trouble , but is n't your dog worth it ??!!
 These are great cooler beds -- Our Akita who has sadly passed away , lived on these beds . The vinyl seams will eventually split open with constant use ... we usually kept one in reserve . Easy to clean -- spongy support .
 We are on our third large `` Canine Cooler '' bed and HIGHLY recommend this product for non-chewing hot dogs.We first bought one for our long-haired Belgian Shepherd , who ultimately reached 130lbs . He spent every night of his life going between his `` hot bed '' -LRB- a typical foam bed -RRB- and his `` cool bed . '' Over the course of seven years , we only replaced the Canine Cooler once because the inner sponge has broken into pieces after years of use.Our even-hotter Newfy puppy inherited the used Canine Cooler bed , but chewed on the corner . We taped it up with duct tape , but once he was six months old , we got him a new one and he now spends his nights going between his softer Canine Cooler cool bed and his harder - but even cooler - marble slab . -LRB- Yes , he has several big soft dog beds , but he finds them too hot to lay on for more than a minute or two unless he 's wet from a bath or swim . -RRB- Like the advertizing says , the Canine Cooler is n't cold , but it is cool and amazingly stays cool when a warm body lays on it . They sell covers for it , but we never use anything over it because it reduces the cool effect that our dogs really need . It 's well worth the cost for a hot dog .
 I have a 4 year old Miniature American Eskimo and I got this bed for him three years ago . I put it in his crate and after just a couple of months I purchased a second one for his bed in the living room . I have not used any other type of bedding since then . With his heavy coat it is a lifesaver in the summer , in the winter I use a heavier cover and he still loves it because it is so comfortable.I have the small size and old pillowcases work well as covers . In the last three years both beds have put up with all sorts of abuse , I have had zero trouble with them . We travel extensively and I do n't know what we would do without them to keep my little buddy cool and comfortable . We love them so much I recommended them to my Mom when she got two of my dog 's cousins ! Now her dogs also have Canine Coolers in their crates as well .
 I am a first-time user of this product and after using several other OTC brands , I would say this is one of best pet ear washes available . I have not used the DRY but I can vouch for the WASH and I will be glad to keep this ear relief set in stock . It was packaged well and arrived within a couple of days . And the price is reasonable compared to some local pet stores ' prices .
 My dog has reoccurring ear infections , nothing the vet has prescribed has really done much for her quickly . Vet 's best cleared her raging ear infection quickly . It 's great because it works so quickly - my dog hates having her ears touched so it makes my life easier to only treat her for a few days versus weeks with the vet 's ear drops .
 This product works great . The cleaning solution gets in the ear canal and then you can you a Q-Tip or tissue to get out the gunk . Then the drying solution gets any moisture out so your dog does n't get an infection . The only thing I do n't like is that the solutions definitely have a mediciney smell .
 I saved 50 % off the retail price at Petco on this purchase - 50 % !!! Also the shippng was quick and reasonable with solid packaging.This product label indicates use for dogs only but I am using both on my cat and it is working beautifully to clean out his ears after I medicate him with the ear mite remedy I use . The Yucca actually is a natural ingredient found in my ear mite medication anyway so Jasper is responding and tolerating both of these products very well .
 I have been battling ear infections and irritations with my Boston Terrier 's ears for three years . I have tried many products , even some from my veterinarian with no good results . Now , after using Vet 's Best for 2 weeks , her ears are perfect . She is happy and so is her owner .
 This product worked beautifully to clean my puppy 's ears . He was having signs of an infection , so I started using this product daily . The vet said it worked wonders and actually cleaned so well that it removed almost all bacteria from his ears . Highly recommend !
 I purchased this from Petco for my dog who routinely had some itching and odor . I reluctantly took a chance hoping it would bring my dog some relief . It completely eliminated the problems . Unbelievably . I just make it part of my normal grooming routine . Ear troubles are gone . It 's been over three years ago . I like the clean smell it leaves also .
 have only used this product 2x but my poodle puppy seems to be doing well . Vet was impressed with her clean ears .
 My baby Shih Tz Bella has had ear infection since she was a baby . On many occasion we 've have to visit the vet 's office to get Otomax . It worked for a little while but you have to consistently put the product on daily and it gets messy and sticky . After reading all the positive reviews and I was desperate to alleviate her pain with ear infection , I finally decided to try it . I used it the for the first time after I gave ger a bath . And OMG !!!!!! it really works . Her red and smelly ears are no longer . It 's wonderful when you find a product that really works . So I wanted to make sure I shared my success . It 's been a few months now and I only use this after every bath and at 's it . I highly recommend this product .
 I was very pleased with the fast delivery of this product . It seemed as soon as I paid for the merchandise was already at my door . I am very pleased with the product it help 's my dog 's ears and my Groomer , her dog as well was having ear trouble 's She recommended it . I had a hard time finding it til now and am Glad I found it . I highly recommend buying this product if your dog has ear problems . Also ordering from here is a great investment . Thank you so much : -RRB-
 Like many reviewers , I stumbled upon this product while doing research on how to treat my dog 's chronic ear infections . She is a lab mix with floppy ears , and allergies and would CONSTANTLY , and I mean constantly , get ear infections . I was always in and out of the vets office . As soon as her ear would clear up , 1-2 weeks later she would have an ear infection again . You can imagine how expensive it gets , and I felt like my vet did n't believe that I was doing my best to wash her ears every week . I think the main reason she would get ear infections was due to allergies , which would cause her to itch her ears , and then they would get swollen and infected . Anyhow , I was trying to keep costs down and help my poor dog . I used over the counter ear washes like a brand called DermaPet Malacetic Otic , which seemed to help quite a bit but was n't full proof all the time , and my dog HATED having her ears cleaned with it . Then I tried using a mix of 1/2 White Vinegar or Apple Cidar Vinegar and 1/2 rubbing alcohol . This also seemed to work well -LRB- better than the ear wash actually -RRB- , but again not full proof and my dog hated it . I also found a product called Zymox -LRB- with and with out cortisone -RRB- that is made with enzymes and is good for clearing up yeast ear infections . This also was a really great product , but if my dog did not have a yeast ear infection then it did n't work at all . Finally , I came across Vet 's best . After using the Vets best itching spray -LRB- for allergies -RRB- and having favorable results , I decided to just try out the ear wash/dry kit , what could it hurt ? I liked the fact that it was natural , contained clove to fight infection , chamomile and aloe to soothe her ears , and had no alcohol ! That 's right , no alcohol ! I had n't thought of it before , but alcohol stings . That 's when the lightbulb went off , lol . Imagine if someone poured that in MY infected ear . It would n't feel so good . So , I thought , well they need alcohol in it to dry the ear out so how does this stuff work . Well , the drying cream turns to a powder when dry , and that 's what soaks up the moisture in the ear . So , I bought the product ... and it was time for an ear cleaning ... my dog was resistant as usual , but once I put the Vet 's Best wash in her ear she stopped resisting . It was like she was in shock , and thinking ` hey this ai n't so bad ' . Well , the product has been absolutely amazing ! I 've been using the wash/dry kit about a year , and my dog has no issues with letting me clean her ears anymore , infact I think she likes it because it soothes her ears . The product works excellent for cleaning her ears and I use both the wash and the dry , and it smells good too . My dog does look a little funny afterwards when it dries b/c she has white powder in her ears , but it comes off and I do n't care as long as it works and she is happy . I want to stress that I use this as a preventative to an ear infection ! I wash her ears once a week -LRB- more if I think she 's having bad allergies -RRB- to prevent an ear infection . If I clean her ears and I see signs of an ear infection starting ... maybe a little dirty wax , or faint yeast smell I will wash her ears everyday that week until those symptoms are gone . I would not use this product if my dog already had an ear infection , because her ear canal would probably be swollen , red and irritated . For an actual ear infection I would either use Zymox Otic , or take her to the vet for antibiotics . I 'm happy to say , though , that I have NOT had to take my dog to the vet for an ear infection since starting this product , and my dog is happy too ;-RRB- p.s. works well on dogs that do n't have chronic ear infections too ;-RRB- lol I use it on my other dog also .
 This product has really helped my poodles . My 10 yr old poodle has always had a problem with ear infections . I have used this product for 2 weeks and he 's so much better . His ears do n't stink and do n't feel hot all the time.Thank you !!!
 I bought this after realizing that my dog 's ears were irritated after her routine bath . I tried a vinegar-water mix but after the first attempt to pour it in her ear , she was determined to not let try again and she kept running away . I looked up a few products online and found this to be the best option . I liked that it was natural , soothing , and seemed relatively easy to use.As soon as I received it , I tried it on my dog . She was reluctant , as she is with any other medical intervention , so I ended up squirting the bottle while she was standing . I thought it might not work but I was surprised to see ear debris coming out . I was shocked at how much debris was in her ear , but very glad that the solution was clearing it up for her . I did the squirting process twice . For the creme , I poured some onto a tissue and pushed it in my dog 's ears to massage them in . Thankfully , she did n't mind this process . After I put the drying creme formula into her ear , she shook around a little more and then finally settled down . The entire process was difficult with my anxious dog but it worked very well . Afterwards , she was no longer scratching her ear as intensely after the solution treatment . Also , her ears did not smell bad nor were they red anymore!I know my dog does n't care for this product but I love it . If you have a dog who does n't like having things poured into their ear , this may be a little difficult , but you should try it anyway because it is so effective . Forget spending hundreds at the vet for an ear wash.So to recap ... Pros :1 . Natural .2 . Smells good .3 . Very effective.Cons :1 . Could be difficult to use , depending on your dog .
 For years our Old English Bulldog , Harley suffered terribly from chronic ear infections . I was an ongoing battle to find a safe long term solution for him.His ears , especially the right one would flare up crimson red out of nowhere , the chronic head shaking , the extreme inflammation and of course the worst part of all - his misery.Our Vet had pulled out all the stops and so had we . Steroid and cortisone treatments , long and short term antibiotics - nothing had staying power and many of the less aggressive treatments such as Zymox did work but take up too ten days to see results.On a hunch , I picked up Vet 's Best and have n't looked back since - it 's a remarkable product . 100 % homeopathic and it works.You get two products in the kit.The Ear Relief Wash which contains the following : * Calendula -LRB- gentle cleaning , made from Marigolds -RRB- * Roman Chamomile -LRB- relaxing & Soothing -RRB- * Aloe Vera -LRB- Stops burn and itch on contact -RRB- * Clove -LRB- Drying agent and powerful pain relief on contact -RRB- Rather than squirt the wash into my dogs ears , I use a soaked cotton ball and gently around the ear and down the canal.The second product is the Ear Relief Dry - and it 's amazing.The same ingredients as above but with a higher dose of Clove and the addition of Yucca.Yucca made from perennial trees is known for it 's ability to relive skin abrasions , swellinginflammation and pain in both humans and dogs alike.A thick lotion , with a powerful scent of cloves Ear Relief Dry absorbers oils , wax and bacteria extremely fast , within minutes the head shaking and scratching all come to halt.We always have this excellent product on hand and now only use it as a preventative and part of the over all health care of our dogs.Harley has n't had an ear infection in over three years . This product works wonders .
 I was looking for a product for my two shiz-a-poo 's who have had ear infections since birth it seems ! I have tried everything my vet has suggested costing me over $ 2,000 ! Nothing has worked until I found Zymox Optic and Vet 's best combo pack!I love the way it smells . I use the ear wash first . Once nice and clean I use the Zymox . The next day I use the Dry and presto . Clean , fresh and no scratching !! It is the only thing that has worked for me in the summertime . The dogs go to the beach almost every day and with bathing and swimming their ears have black yeast filled till the brim ! Not anymore ! I would highly recommend both products for any pet owners looking for a safe and non-expensive way to bring relief to their beloved pets!Amazon was the best price for both items and it arrived very quickly !!
 The product -LRB- ear rinse -RRB- does a good job cleaning the ear and smells very nicely . Its definitely a natural product . The drying solution is also very nice . It dries to a nice powder keeping the ear dry and also has a wonderful smell . The dogs do n't seem to mind me using the product on them at all . I will definitely put this on my to buy schedule for dogs .
 I noticed my 12 year old Jindo was having ear problems last year . I purchase other ear drops solutions , but they would only temporary relieve the ear problem . Her latest ear infection was causing pain and making her sick . I went to Petsmart to buy her dog food . I went to the health care aisle to pick up more ear solution . I looked at the various products for ear relief for dogs . My eyes landed on this product and read the description . I decided to give the product try . The product worked wonders and provided the ear relief for my dog . I highly recommend this product to dog owners who are noticing ear infections or problems . This product work wonders and you will notice the product effectiveness after the first application of both the ear relief wash and dry solution . If your fed up with other solutions that only provide a temporary relief for your dog . You wo n't go wrong with this product because it will provide ear relief and improve your dog 's ear health .
 Our puppy got a little ear infection so we used this and it cleared up within days . Now we use it after every bath . I also like the smell - it 's sort of spicy cinnamon.My only problem is that the bottle does n't say how much to use .
 My dog has always had recurring ear infections because of her allergies . What the vet gave me works in about a week and my dog absolutely hates it , so I figured I 'd try something new.I tried this and it cleared up her ear in one day !! Not only that , but it did n't bother her like some of the alcohol based ear cleaners did.I would without a doubt recommend this to everyone . My dog no longer is bothered by her itch ears - that 's the best testament to how well this product works .
 There is no reason to buy any other product . This works amazingly on all sorts of ear ailments . My Shih Tzu had REALLY stinky ears and would always scratch them -- this cleared it up FAST . No more smell or scratching . I used to use this once a day in the beginning but now only do it once a week , but it has kept ear infections and everything else at bay . I love that it is all natural.The only downsides are :1 -RRB- It smells . It 's not a * terrible * smell , but it 's not the greatest smell . It 's clove oil . When it 's in the ears it does n't smell too strong , but if it drips onto the dog 's fur , it smells for awhile ! 2 -RRB- Application can be tricky depending on your dog . I 've spilled some when my dog shifted suddenly , and then it ends up all over her fur -LRB- see # 1 -RRB- .
 I have persian cats that I bath . sometimes the water does get in the ear . I no longer have to worry about getting the ear dry without doing any harm to the ear drum . so easy to use and smell great too .
 This worked when nothing else did . Cleared up cronic ear problems in a week .
 This is the only ear wash that solved the problem . We tried everything , and did n't get any results until we used this . Plus our dog 's ears smelled much better after using this .
 My dog actually seems to enjoy having his ears cleaned with this . It 's actually a pleasant experience for both of us because the smell is so lovely ; like aromatherapy . I started using this after his first ear infection -LRB- in combination with meds to clear the initial infection -RRB- and so far he 's been happy and healthy in that area . The price on amazon ca n't be beat too ! I think I saw this at my local Petco for around $ 20 .
 With two golden retrievers who like to go swimming in lakes and ponds , I consistently have problems with chronic ear infections . I have spent a lot of money on other ear washes on the market that seem to work only if my dogs do not currently have an ear infection . If my dogs do have an ear infection , they only seem to irritate or not solve the problem , and I resort to putting medicated ear drops in my dogs ears for weeks at a time . Enter Vet 's Best . I bought the Ear Wash and Dry off of Amazon based on the solid reviews and fairly inexpensive price tag . I honestly did not think that something holistic and inexpensive would work on my dogs . I figured that I was just a sucker for cool packaging , yet again . I was really wrong . This stuff ROCKS . It actually clears up ear infections , and it does so in a way that does n't burn or further irritate my dogs ' ears -LRB- other stuff that I have used with alcohol or bleach in it would make my dogs cry out in pain if they had open sores in their ears -RRB- . I really like both the wash and dry together . Because my dogs ' ears flop , I 'm always worried that they do not get adequately dry , thus helping to further along any bacterial infection . The drying agent -LRB- which really does dry to a powder because I tried it out on my hand first -RRB- is great - just squirt and rub after using the wash - no need to clean out further with a cotton ball . The only downside for me is the smell . I know that a lot of people like the smell of cloves , but I 'm just not a huge fan , and it seems to stink up my hands -LRB- if not using rubber gloves -RRB- for quite a while afterwards , despite washing . However , I will more than gladly put up with the smell because the solutions really , really work for my pets . Plus , I feel good that the wash and dry are made out of natural ingredients . I love this stuff !
 I purchased this product at a local pet store because it was recommended by one of the managers . Although I cringed at the price , I thought about the cost of a vet visit plus meds , so Iwent ahead and made the purchase . I have 2 Goldens and my female gets gunky ears , especially in the summer -LRB- humidity -RRB- . I was using an OTC ear wash from PetSmart , which cleaned her ears , but the brown/waxy gunk kept coming back . After using Vets Best Ear Wash religiously -LRB- maybe 2-3x a day -RRB- , Molly 's ears were clean and healthy looking . I continued to use the products once a day for about a week to make sure everything was clear.I do like the clove/earthy smell . But , Molly really hates getting her ears cleaned . It 's not a question of the product , it 's just a cold liquid going in her ears and someone mushing around with a piece of cotton.I read many wonderful reviews of this product and that also confimred my faith in its effectiveness .
 My dog has chronic ear problems . I 've tried special ear wash from the vet as well as many over the counter ear products . This one is better than most . It is not a cure all as some of the reviews claim but it does a decent job . I think it smells ok , and so did my dogs . The dog with the chronic problems did n't like the drying stuff but did just fine with the wash . My other dogs with normal ears were fine with the drying powder as well .
 I bought this stuff 6 months ago for my little Schnoodle who would get ear infections after just playing in the sprinklers . I started using this stuff after any water play and baths and sure enough , no more ear infections.We just recently got a large Weim who had earmites upon arrival . We started using ear mite droplets and then we found out she was allergic to the stuff . She was shaking her head so bad , the tips of her ears started to bleed . The inside of the ears were all red and puffy too . So sad to watch ! We used this stuff on her and within an hour , she was hardly shaking her head and the redness had started to go away.It also immediately eliminates any smells , plus the dogs do n't fight it because it does n't sting.Completely and totally worth the $ 13 if you have a dog with ear issues !
 This is a wonderful product . I spent hundreds of dollars trying to cure my dogs ear infection . After one use , my dog started shaking his head less . It has a strong odor , yet pleasant . It took about a month of regular use , but now I only use it 1x every 2 weeks as a preventative . Definetly worth trying .
 My dogs have very small , narrow ear canals and are prone to infections . Regular use of the vet 's best ear relief keeps them all infection free . Does n't sting or burn and it smells good .
 I have a Newfoundland pup who loves to sleep with her head in her water bowl , which created a constant wax build-up in her ears . I used this ear wash and drying solution , and it was great ! Her wax cleared up right away , and her ears stayed clean for weeks . Plus the clove smell is great , very refreshing . Great product that I 'd recommend to any dog owner .
 My dogs ears are doing much better after buying this , he had ear infections every few months and now none .
 After reading a couple of reviews from folks who used this on their cats we decided to give it a try . The cat did n't care for having the liquid in his ear but it meant that I did n't have to stick a qtip down his ear so often - good trade off for me ! The scratching and shaking stopped - step 2 -LRB- the stuff that dries to a powder -RRB- is what seems to make a difference .
 my golden retriever had a funky smell and coffee grounds coming from his ears . i used this and it pretty much cleared that all up after a month . i use it every week .
 My French Bulldog puppy had a really bad flare up in her ears and after extensive research , I decided to order this product . She really does not enjoy having the wash in her ears and it is difficult to get her to sit still , but the results have been amazing . Frenchies have huge ears , so I use cotton balls to massage the wash solution in and remove any wax that she does n't shake out . The results are not instantaneous , but with some patience you will see a huge difference.Now that her ears are cured , we 're using the product once or twice a week , especially when I notice visible wax on her big -LRB- bunny-like -RRB- ears .
 I have a poodle whose breed is known for being prone to ear problems . This product is GREAT !! I 've used this to clean her ears for over two years now . I like that it has natural ingredients as the active ingredients . It quickly relieves the itch and irritation she sometimes feels . I often use it every day to every other day as the weather has been so incredibly warm making her ears a happy breeding ground for yeast and irritation . I can use it so frequently and know the contents wo n't harm her ears due to the natural ingredients . She 's a happy girl with her ear wash and dry system !
 I own and rescue Chinese Shar Pei , a breed known for chronic ear infections . I was spending hundreds at the vet on ear cleaning , flushes , antibiotics , etc for our many dogs until I finally found this stuff . I 've been using it for many years and have never had a dog get another ear infection . I liberally apply the wash , allow it to set , then allow them to shake it out . I dry the inside of the ear as best I can , then use only the tiniest dab of the ear drying solution and thoroughly apply it to every crack and crevice in the ear . It smells good and works great . I 'm really not one for hippie dippy medical treatments , but this stuff really , really works . I 've tried every over the counter brand , and many prescriptions , this works the best.When I worked at a pet supply store years ago I turned many dog owners into true believers with this stuff , we were always sold out . We had a money back return policy if it did n't work/they did n't like it , and we never had anyone bring it back-which is saying something because pet people are finicky!The only thing is , if you use too much ear dry it wo n't dry out quickly/effectively , so you end up running out of ear wash before the ear dry . Still completely worth it as far as I 'm concerned .
 i have tried many products to cure my golden 's ear infection including zymox but this beats everything that 's out there !! i bought the combo one and they are absolutely worth of every single penny i spent ! it works fast and does the work without no mess .
 My puppy came to me with ear infections in both ears , so while he was on treatment for it , I researched products that would help me prevent them from recurring . This definitely does the trick , and although my dog 's ears do still get itchy from time to time -LRB- he has allergies -RRB- , his ears have checked out fine and I have not once smelled that nasty yeasty smell that indicates infection . My pup enjoys getting his ears cleaned with this and will lower his head and stay still when I apply it . I believe that while also cleaning , it provides some sort of relief to his itchiness . I love that the ingredients are all natural , but the smell is pretty strong and stays on your hands for a while . I use it at least once a week for prevention and 5 months later still have some left in the bottles . There is way more Dry than Wash , however , which is kind of annoying like having conditioner but no shampoo left . No biggie , though ; still a great product !
 I have an Anatolian Shepherd , and he has the floppy ears that love to get moist and dirty . The poor thing is always shaking his head , and scratching . My vet says it is probably allergies , due to the Houston climate . I used this on him today , first the wash -LRB- he was n't crazy about that , to be honest -RRB- , and then the dry . I noticed after about 45minutes , that he was n't shaking his head , or scratching ! And it does smell good ! I also like the ingredients , very natural . I do n't feel like I 'm putting harsh chemicals in his ears .
 My lab has suffered from chronic ear infections for the last 2 years . We 've gone through it all , from weekly vet visits , to yeast treatments , injected steriods and califlowered ear canals . I felt so bad for him ! Not only was there a constant stink -LRB- either from an infection or the latest medication -RRB- but one ear had been so badly damaged , he could no longer raise it and it was always lopsided , hangly limply against the side of his head.Today I 'm writing this and he 's looking at me with both ears perked ! The smell is gone , the gunk has cleared out and his ear cleanings are now a breeze . Thank you to this amazing product ! Not only did it clear up the problem in a few weeks , its smell 100x better than everything else we used . I got my dog back .
 Our Aussie suffered form itchy , smelly ears . We used to take him to the vet for ear drops that seemed to sting his ears . Then we discovered this natural and safe product that we can use at home -LRB- no extra stressful visits to the vet ! -RRB- . Ear Wash and Dry almost immediately clears up his ears , and the only irritation to our pet is having a wet substance in his ears ! An amazing product !
 Vet 's Best Ear Relief Wash & Dry -- We are very pleased with this product . There is nothing in this product to sting our Schnauzer 's ears , Schnauzer 's ears need extra attention with the hair that constantly grows in them . The wax builds up pretty quickly . This product helps remove the wax and the second part , the Dry product , calms him down after cleaning . And boy oh boy does this stuff smell good , it has clove in it ! We use cotton swabs to help get the wax out , but that is our personal choice . You just want to be careful . This will definetly help keep down vet visit 's for ear infections that could be avoided by proper cleaning , and you pooch will smell really good too ! Thanks to the Vet that invented this product .
 This duo works WONDERFULLY !! We 've been using them in our household for the past 8 years and would n't dream of changing brands !
 My cats both have polyps and are very prone to ear infections . We used to have to give them steroid based ear drops twice a day 5 days on , 5 days off and 5 days on again to clear up the infections.We were instructed to use gloves because there were steroids in the drops and a very tiny bottle was very expensive . They hate getting the drops in their ears and it always took about 3-5 days before they began to get any relief . I tried some of this veterinarian 's ear wash and dry - I had discovered the miracle of clove oil years ago after having wisdom teeth removed - and it is amazing stuff . They still hate having the drops put in , but they get relief after the first dose . I do n't have to do their ears day after day . It is about a tenth the price and it is so much more effective ! I used to hate to see them keep scratching even after I had put the medicine in their ears .
 My dog was scratching at one of her ears with her little paw for a couple of days . I looked up this product on Amazon , read the reviews and ordered . It worked almost instantly . Thankfully saved me a vet visit for Tink . The prewash and then the after drops undoubtedly cooled the inner ear canal or took care of an ear mite or whatever . Would purchase again .
 I have a hound mix with big floppy ears . Surprisingly , she has n't had ear problems but I recently noticed more ear wax in her normally clean ears . I cleaned them with a water/vinegar mix for about a week which helped a little but still was n't back to normal . I tried this after reading the good reviews and seeing the ingredients . I was worried she would n't let me put the drops in -LRB- she 's scared of a lot of stuff , but very good-natured -RRB- , but she did and when I was massaging the ears and heard the squishy sound of it getting in there she was moaning in delight , haha . definitely did not hurt her ears . When I was done she shook her head and a lot of brown wax build up came out . There was more than I expected . Overall , this product was excellent and her ears are staying clean . The `` dry '' wash was tougher to get in the canal because it 's thicker but I 'm not sure I even need to use it since her ears are n't that bad .
 My Bullmastiff had chronic brownish-red build-up in one of his ears while the other one was fine . We 've -LRB- and neither has our vet -RRB- never found the cause for this . I prefer using natural products on my pets , and I tried a wide variety of ear cleaners on his ear . With every other product the build-up returned withing a day or two . I 've been usingVet 's Best Hot Spot Spray , 16 oz.with great results , so I decided to give their ear wash a try.The results were nothing short of spectacular ! His ear stayed clean for a week . I kept at it and used it every 3 days , and after about a month his ear healed nicely and the redness went away . I 'm using both the Wash and the Dry . The `` Ear Relief Dry '' is a liquid that dries into a powder.Now I wo n't lie -- while I like the smell of the product -LRB- it smells like cloves -RRB- , my dog hates it as it is pretty powerful smell , and goes on `` Tasmanian Devil '' rampage after the cleaning . But it really does work !
 My Beagle has chronic ear trouble that we stay on top of with bi-monthly checks and treatments at the Vet . After treatments by the Vet , I do n't like the way my dog 's ears stay wet and oily and the ears still remain a bit smelly . Also , it seems like the problem never is really cleared up . Last month , while we were traveling for 5 weeks , I stopped at Petco to try and find something for my dog 's ears to get us by while away from our Vet . The word `` Dry '' on this product 's package got my attention . I 'm so glad we tried it . The results seem to be better than the treatment given by the Vet and longer lasting ! And like others mention , it is made with natural ingredients and smells so nice ! I can tell my dog feels much better using this product . I will ask the Vet to leave her ears to me from now on . I think this product is especially great for dogs like Beagles who have longer ears .
 Fast delivery , packaged well , saw this online and thought I 'd give it a try on our dogs . It works well and is easy and quick to use . Before the dogs know what your doing . Kept this on my Wish list to buy in the future .
 This product cleared up the problem immediately . Great customer service . Thanks for making this product available at such a good price .
 I 've used many other prescription and a few other OTC products , but this is the ONLY one that really works and smells nice , tool . It 's a great maintenance product , too . No longer stocked in pet stores , online was the only source for this great product .
 Due to the long ears of my 2 cocker dogs I have to clean them often . This is the perfect combo to do so .
 Dog has had bad ears for years . Tried all kinds of things . First thing to ever work and quickly at that .
 This stuff smells good and works well ! My only complaint is that I can see the powder dried in her ear the next day and of course she wo n't hold still for me to clean it out . Otherwise this stuff is great !
 I have a large Great Dane/Rhodesian Ridgeback mix who has big floppy ears . With those cute big floppy ears comes many ear problems . He is constantly getting a build up in them and is constantly scratching at them . This ear wash/dry made him feel better almost immediately .
 Our recently adopted Shih Tzu came to us with an ear infection and an ointment from the vet . Her check at our vet a week later was fine , but after about a month , the dark gunky ear discharge appeared , so we started with a vinear/water wash and ordered this item . Using theVet 's Best Ear Relief Wash & Dry , Two 4oz Bottlesfor the past few days has shown a remarkable improvement in our dog 's ear . She clearly had ear difficulties in the past because she is extremely relaxed and appreciative with each treatment . I 'm not a clove fan , but find the scents in these components to be lovely and they do not linger on our dog . The dry treatment seems to work well in helping absorb any residual liquid , so there is another plus to this two step treatment . I 'll update as necessary .
 THIS STUFF IS AWESOME ! FOR ALL DOG TYPES , SENSITIVE OR NOT , INSIDE OR OUTSIDE DOGS ! AWESOME STUFF AND GREAT PRICE -LRB- USED ON OUR FRENCH BULL DOG , DOBERMANS AND LAB DOG ! -RRB-
 We bought our first Canine Cooler about a year ago after our male -LRB- 2-1/2 years old , 50 lbs . -RRB- mellowed out enough that we could trust he would n't chew through the mat . -LRB- He did this with a couple of his mats that we bought for him when he was 10 mos.-1-1 / 2 years old . -RRB- First , it has lasted and has not been punctured by his nails . Second , it has made his crate a much more comfortable place as it acts as a kind of waterbed . Third , it does seem like it has a nice cooling effect in that our male starts out in the bathroom -LRB- tile -RRB- and then when he has sort of heated the tile with his body , he moves to his crate where he lays on the mat for the rest of the night . Unfortunately , we have a plastic -LRB- as opposed to a metal pan -RRB- in his crate , which I think would make the cooler much cooler , but either way he seems to like it , provides a cooling effect and is very comfortable . I do n't recall anymore if it took him a while to begin using the mat -LRB- which I 've heard is a challenge for some owners -RRB- but in any event he is using it now every night.We recently got a puppy -LRB- female -RRB- who is now 5 months old -LRB- 35 lbs . -RRB- , and since she is not much of a chewer , we decided to get her one too . She clearly likes it , given that when we tell them to go to their crates at night , she immediately goes to his crate instead of hers -LRB- this was before we got her her own mat -RRB- . This may have to do more with the comfort , but again it does have some cooling effect , though not anything dramatic.P.s . We got them both covers for the mat from SoothSoft . Do n't know if this helped with the no-puncture bit but it also helps with keeping it cleaning -LRB- we can throw the covers into the washer -RRB- . Also , one more thing
 I have two 70-pound hounds that have had food-allergy related skin problems for four years . I have tried many , many things , both from the vet -LRB- steroids , creams , pills -RRB- and natural items -LRB- shampoos , lotions , sprays . -RRB- These dogs were still so miserable , that they had open wounds from scratching . What finally worked was a combination of changing their diet to expensive dog food , breaking Vitamin E gel caps on the wounds , and this spray . Their itching covers their undersides , so I spray a couple of sprays on my finger tips and just rub it all over them . It is the only product I have found that gives any relief . And it does smell really good , too !
 My cats have various allergies - hayfever , fleas , etc. . . and because of that , they have hot spots and scratch themselves raw . This is the only product that actually WORKS on the cats and is n't toxic . It smells nice too , like a bath product not at chemical . Great product , highly recommend it !
 Just ordered more of this from Amazon . This is not the same formulation as the first bottle for sale at my vet 's office . The wonderful smell is no longer there . The original bottle was bright green with a dog and cat pictured . The original spray was used here for a year or two . It smelled delightful with the lavender , the tea tree oil , etc. . Alas , it can no longer be found anywhere . Used it up on my own skin , seeing I have skin itch . The cream the doctor gave me did not work well on my itchy skin . The itch was abolished on me . The original was supposedly the same formula as the bottle I just received , but it must have less by far of the aromatic oils it claims to have in it -LRB- on the label -RRB- . She caught a rat recently , though , and I suspect mites or something like that . She caught about five rodents this summer , but only killed the rat . The others , she corners and watches until I can catch them and let them go in a field somewhere . Some , especially this one type that burrows a lot , is pretty dirty . I can feel it as carrying something itchy . The kitty did not like the spray much , but I adored it . I have bad itchyness and some red spots on my back and I pour some down my back for relief . I have not used the new stuff I just received . My cat is no longer very itchy . I put small amounts on without spraying it on her at all . She actually liked it on one side and put out her foot as if to get some spread on where she had been biting at an itch . But the other side was too much , and when I mistakenly put some at her tailbone on her back , she just ran . I would say this is great stuff . The old batch smelled differently though . It works . My cat approved . Oh -- I also had just bathed her too , but she just kept itching and itching . I have n't put much on , but plan to do it gradually . Disappointed its not as smelly with the herbal part of the formula . The label claims many strong herbs known to cure skin problems , on both bottles , but unless it changes with time , the new formula does not have a lot of them .
 Great collar for dirty dogs . I can rinse the dirt and mud off my dog or bathe her while keeping her collar on . The hardware does discolor the collar where it rubs and the shine wears off a bit . But the color remains bright .
 Happy this is in a chewable form that I have no problem getting my dog to take .
 This seems to work well for my dog , who has bad joints . Helps her stay mobile and takes the stiffness away .
 I 'm a 30 y/o Aquarium expert , I got 4 of these for my new planted aquarium . As i was looking for a lake/river bottom look for my new tropical aquarium I love the results with these woods . Just put it under water a couple of weeks before using it and do some water changes to help the wood to clean well , otherwise could turn the water a little yellowish . But beautiful woods
 great sinking driftwood , bigger than described way better than zoo med -LRB- which does not sink -RRB- very nice , very happy , looks just like in pics
 The received driftwood is a dark colored one tone piece . The shape is fairly interesting and the size matched seller 's description . I soaked the driftwood in a bucket for a week and it sank right away . The driftwood did n't leech out noticeable amount of tannins when it was moved to my tank . It 's definitely a good decoration piece for my 55 gallon tank . The price is pretty good compare to other places .
 Great piece of driftwood . About 18 in in length . Darker than I imagined but that actually is better for me . Also the wood had already been treated before I got it , so I only had to soak/boil it for a couple days compared to a couple weeks . And my plecco really likes it , which is what I got it for !
 I 'm very pleased with this purchase . This piece was `` Y '' shaped , with the longest dimension 17 '' . Fairly hefty , sank without any problem . I boiled it about 12 hours , then soaked it for a week , to leach out any tannin ; I did n't see much tannin leach out , and now my aquarium water stays quite clear.This , and a medium piece , really fill out my 20-gallon aquarium , and make great decor .
 this product was described accurately and was what i was expecting . it look great in my aquarium and compared to local pet shops , the price was excellent .
 This piece is not what I would call `` large '' but it is a good size . Does n't look anything like I had hoped it would but it has an interesting design . I just really wish there was a way you could see the shapes and pick what you want instead of it all being a guessing game on what you might receive . But all-in-all I 'm pleased and I ca n't wait to get it in my aquarium.Edit
 After I received a size medium from this seller -LRB- seacorals -RRB- and it was smaller than described , I expected another piece smaller than the description . However , the size Large I got was 15 '' , the lower end of the described size . It is a nice and interesting shape , not at all formless like some driftwood you find . As always with Malaysian driftwood it sank immediately . It 's a good piece .
 I thought the first user submitted picture was a bit lame but I ordered this wood anyway . At 9.99 I figured it could n't hurt . It was small for my tank -LRB- 72 gallon NPT bowfront -RRB- but I ordered two more . The second and third pieces were n't as unique as the first piece that came but none of the pieces disappointed at all.Tank Specs :72 Gallon Walstad Method TankOrganic potting soil + Laterite + Flourite substrateLight pea sized gravelToo many plant species to list .3 Nerite snails12 Neon Tetras6 Cardinal Tetras6 ghost shrimp80W of white light -LRB- T8 48 '' -RRB- Waterfall FilterThe snails ate bits of the wood when I first put them into the tank , but that was because there was n't enough algae to feed on yet . The water was a bit yellowish when I put the first piece in , but I boiled it for about 30 minutes in a large stock pot and did a water change . Problem solved.Overall , I 'm very impressed with this wood .
 Awesome driftwood . Sizes and shapes were perfect . Price is so right . I ordered 3 pieces and it seems that they choose the pieces carefully not just random slabs of wood . The pieces accually lock together and balance perfectly to form a nice single center piece if needed . I would recommend this to anyone looking to add real driftwood to their tank .
 Ordered 2 large and 2 medium pieces . Received 1 large 2 med and 1 small.The product itself is great in my aquarium .
 Ordered 2 pieces and both were beautiful . Lots of interesting curves and protrusions . Considering the price of similar items on Amazon , this is well worth what I paid and then some !
 there is n't much to say . it 's a piece of driftwood , and I attached the picture above . I just wanted to post the review , so prospective buyers can see that this was a verified purchase . I would have preferred the piece shown in the picture , but it 's nature . The driftwood sinks and although I would have preferred a different shape , you get what you get , unless you want to go firsthand to a fish store which I do n't have one that sells nice driftwood locally . Overall , wanted to just share the picture , and you may notice it is darker . No tannins or very little tannins were released . I did n't soak the driftwood beforehand like I usually do.Peace , Lou
 I used it to scare away other herons . It worked so well that I came out to my pond one morning to see my neighbor taking a picture of the decoy . He thought it was real !
 I ordered this product for a friend who was having trouble with a live heron raiding his fish pond . Since we read that herons are territorial , we thought placing a `` heron '' by the pond would ward off other herons . This product is life-like enough to chase real herons away ad protect the fish in the pond !
 This is the second heron decoy that I have owned over the years ... and it is extremely realistic . Looks like THE Great Blue Herons that I see at the waterway each and every morning past the Lake . My concern before I purchased was that it would not look `` realistic , '' and based upon previous reviews could not find this information . My review is to let everyone know that this Decoy fits the bill ; hopefully will keep The Great Blue Heron from eating any more of my `` precious '' KOI .
 Garden hernon purchased on amazon looks like real deal ! The lifelike bird seems to discourage the geeseFrom coming on our lawn .
 Love this decoy . It sits next to our fish pond to protect the goldfish from our neighborhood heron . We 're very pleased with this product as well as the speedy delivery !
 I love my Blue Heron that came with a redish-blackish beak instead of the expected yellowish beak mostly associated with the herons ... but that is okay , I call him Ozzie and my friend said that his beak gives him own unique personality ... . I will use him for a lawn ornament . Thank you , it was received very quickly using standard postage , and appropriate packaging .
 This decoy Heron was an affordable price and is pretty convincing . I have had my fish disappear from my pond within a couple days in the last couple years , but not this year . The feet/mounting could be better . Basically it 's just two painted pvc pipes but I had a water plant in a bucket and jammed them in there . Not a bad piece for the money .
 Nice quality , nice colors . May need a little reinforcement as the bird just sits on the pole but it did not prove to be a problem for us .
 these decoys made an excellent addition to the looks of our lawn.Thank you for the speedy service , and a wonderful product.sincerely , Don Matthys
 So far this has kept the real pest away from our koi . we 'll see how it does during mating season which is coming up . would recommend this ! it 's amazing how real it looks , my dogs think so too .
 Before installing the plastic heron we lost about four koi from our fishpond in a week or two to an egret . Since installing the product last month we have not lost any further fish . It seems to work and although we are in principle against plastic ornaments in our garden , it does not look too bad .
 Wild herons view domestic water gardens and fish ponds as nicely stocked buffets . Do n't let your fish be victims ! Wild herons are very territorial , and the sight of the Laguna Blue Heron will convince them that your pond belongs to him and they will leave your fish alone . Be sure to move the Laguna Heron every so often , so the wild herons continue to think it 's real , and do n't position it too close to the edge of your pond and terrify your fish !
 I have two ponds that have been desimated by blue heron cranes . My frog population is gone and fish greatly effected . I purchased a blue heron scarer . It really looks good , along with my duck decoys , however , as a deterant to cranes , phooey.The blue herons attempt to court my decoy . They walk all around it , peck at it , and on one occasion , actually attempted to fight it . I do n't regret my purchase , since I enjoy watching the theatrics around it , but it does n't repel anything .
 I 've read various reviews of these heron decoys and thought I would go for the least expensive ones , as I was n't convinced it would work . Well , it works just fine . Now mind you , I also have a net over the pond , an electric fence to keep the heron from walking in under the net which is at tree height , -LRB- works for the racoons too -RRB- . I 've watched a couple of herons reconnoitre the scene and make blustering gestures but it seems to be a matter of show . So far the koi have been spared.The product is a light weight plastic moulding mounted on a plastic tube . It 's realistic enough that for the first couple of weeks , I was constantly startled to see the heron back before realizing it was my friend . I found the tube fit over a heavier than standard bit of reinforcing rod , and `` Henry '' moves about the pond on this easy to move stake .
 Kind of had my doubts about this when I bought it , but I had to try something . a Blue Heron was decimating my fish pond , and I did n't want to kill it . It Worked ! Glad you were there when I needed you.Thanks
 The blue heron is just the right pond-side ornament to keep the real herons away from the pond fish . We only have a few remaining . It arrived as requested .
 Herons frequently fly over our house . When this beauty suddenly appeared in the garden , my partner screamed with shock , then came to love the bird .
 Good product , reasonable price and it arrived promptly ! Must have flown here on its own ! A nice addition to the pond !
 Wonderfull product . Makes housebreaking job much easier . No more shredded and ripped pads . Very puppy friendly .
 Bought it and at first thought it was a bit more trouble than I wanted , so stopped and just laid the pad on the floor . What I learned was the trouble was worth it . My dog never pees on the edge of the pad because of the frame , so I never have leaks or run off , etc. . The pad seems to dry faster I think or maybe it just absorbs better from the center more but clean up is neater . So now that I have one upstairs for night time use in my master bath , I want one for my main floor . I went back to Petco , but they are n't selling it any more , so I am googling the internet to buy another.I just take off the top frame slip in another pad , toss the dried used one and snap back on the top . The bottom frame never does anything but lay there.So I recommend this to others who have a predominantly indoor dog . My 12 lb Terrier uses it all the time . My small beagle , only rarely . But for both it is a winner .
 Simple and easy to use . Holds pad firmly . Can be slid around / out of the way easily . A good buy .
 This product is not as bad as some of these people seem to think . I have found that the product works extremely well and serves its purpose just as it 's was made to do ... to hold a pad in place and save it from being shredded by your adorable pup . So its in 8 pieces ... so what ?? The bottom 4 snap together so when you need to replace the pad , the top 4 are all you need to take off ... those people that find it a pain are those that do n't seem to have any patience in other aspects of their lives . It takes me less than 2 minutes to replace a pad on one of these ... if you do n't have 2 minutes to spare out of your precious time , perhaps you should n't even have a dog ...
 The shipping was quick . The customer service was wonderful . The product was as advertised . I would buy from again . Thanks .
 Good product and good price . My local pet stores do n't usually carry them when I need them . Amazon always a good place to buy .
 This bird litter/bedding is the only stuff I use for my birds . It 's not dusty like a lot of bedding is and it absorbs the messes my birds make . It is also really easy to clean up . I used to use news paper to line my cages , but the litter/bedding is so much prettier to look at . I recommend this to everybody.A quick note to anyone considering buying online . I used to buy this bedding at Petsmart . On a whim , I checked out the prices on amazon and found this store . I paid the same price for this 8 lb bag -LRB- including the shipping -RRB- that I paid for a 2.5 pound bag at Petsmart . This is so much cheaper and will save you a small fortune .
 I love Kaytee products on a whole for my parakeets . I have two parakeets and I only have to change theyre bedding twice a month . Kaytee is a great product because they carry a great portion size bag so you dont have to keep running out to purchase more bedding in the middle of the month .
 My pet fancy rat , Sir Hermey , started sneezing shortly after I got him . I had him separated immediately from other rats and on antibiotics , but after several weeks of no improvement we started to worry he was going to just die on us during the night . He started getting lethargic , cranky , pushing his bedding and food out of the cage , hiding in the corners and running when you tried to pick him up ... it was frightening because I 've never had a rat act like this before!A friend of mine had some of this kob bedding for her birds and she pointed out that Hermey seemed to be having trouble breathing whenever he was in the cage - but that his sneezing would virtually stop when he was outside . On a whim we completely emptied his cage and put a few handfuls of kob bedding in ... his sneezing stopped almost immediately . Now he 's got a few snuffles here and there , but he has n't had any sneezing fits like before!Rat allergies DO happen , and if unchecked can kill your little buddies ! :-LRB- I only use a small amount for litter in his ` potty spots ' but he loves this stuff . I 've noticed a decrease in his cage smells , and it does n't stick if it gets wet like paper bedding . It also cleans up really easily , and he likes playing in it . Have n't had any trouble with him eating it and getting plugged up , and several sites recommend kob bedding -LRB- this particular brand -RRB- for all types of small animals -LRB- except reptiles -RRB- . The only ` con ' I have is that it 's not very warm . I noticed the paper bedding in the other cages produce warmth when they 're snuggling into it , and it 's easier for them to drag paper bedding into their nests . The kob bedding does n't really allow for my rats to use their imagination . I 'd recommend using this as a litter and to absorb smells in the cage , but get them a pre-made nest with lots of things to gather . I ca n't use anything with paper in it because he sneezes too much , but he loves his little fuzzy hammock . I even gave him an old ankle-sock that he made into a sleeping bag . The kob bedding does n't seem to cause him any trouble as far as sleeping comfortably , in fact he likes to drag his ` sleeping bag ' into it and lay on top of it while he plays.Definitely recommend . Smells nice , easy clean up , absorbs urine odors , great for pets with allergies to paper or hypersensitive to dust , does n't get sticky when wet , and very colorful ! Thanks for such a great , quality , product at an affordable price !!!
 I originally purchased this product in Petsmart . I have four cats , and needless to say , I have to clean the litter boxes on a regular basis . And , since cleaning the litterbox is such a pain , I do n't do it as often as I should -LRB- I actually bought extra litter boxes so that I could switch them out instead of cleaning them as often - I know ... -RRB- . I LOVE this product . It sprays on with a nice , clean smell . You do this after you have dumped out all of the litter , of course , and what is stuck to the litterbox itself . The instructions say to leave it soak for 5 minutes and then you can wipe it off . I use an old sponge with a scrubby side . It 's like it just melts the clay litter away ! I used Fresh Step clay scoopable litter , which works great , but it 's very hard to get off of the litter box sometimes . This seems to just melt it away . It has actually made cleaning the litter boxes more tolerable , and I do it more often now.Note
 This product is fantastic ! It cleans the litter box so easily . Just spray and let it set for a few seconds and wipe away dried litter and stool with a paper towel . Helps keep build up of clay litter also . Has a wonderful smell .
 I love this product and have always purchased it from my local PetSmart however it seems as though they have discontinued carrying the product so I did a search on sellers of the product and Amazon came up ! I purchased three bottles of the product , in addition to some other items , and each time it shipped I would receive an email indicating the package had been damaged in transit . So I finally wised up and just cancelled the order and ended up having it shipped from someplace else . I 'm not sure if Amazon is the problem or if it 's UPS but regardless , the product is great however do n't buy it from Amazon .
 I LOVE this litter box cleaner but having it shipped to me from Amazon.com did n't work out as it leaked during transit . I ended up ordering from a different online website as I 'm having difficulty finding it locally . We have three cats and two large litter boxes -- this cleaner has a fruity smell and works wonderfully , quickly . Highly recommend to anyone who has a litter box to clean !
 I love using this when I clean out our litterboxes . I soak the boxes and scoops and let dry before refilling with litter . It destroys any traces of the bad smells and lasts for a while .
 This toy is so wonderful . Not only does my dog love it , it has done wonders for her teeth - it has worked better than when I brush them ! I highly reccommend it to anyone with a dog .
 We use this on our German Shepherd weekly . The vet asks how we keep his coat so nice , especially since he has grass allergies . Have used this A + + + product on him for about 8-10 years , ca n't quite recall but we refuse to try anything else anymore . We used to purchase it locally but had to start ordering it by mail . No prob , it & he are well worth it.Smells wonderful too!Highly recommend this shampoo .
 I ordered it to replace an identical door I had on a glass pane . It works very nice with my dogs .
 At $ 29.00 Amazon 's price is a very good one since I purchased that door today for $ 37.00 in a large pet store.This cat door was installed on the wall of a screened in porch , since it could not be set on the too thin door.Two persons in good physical condition are a must to install this door . If you are overweight , short of breath , suffer from back pains , arthritis , or have a heart condition , unless the other person does the bulk of the work and you only give advice and moral support , it will be much better for you to to abstain . At various points in the lengthy installing process I had to be completely flat on the ground . When this door is set on solid material -LRB- not the contemporary hollow doors -RRB- the tricky part is to align the bolts through the holes while holding the various pieces in place . It is far from an easy job . To someone skilled with manual labor , carpentry , mechanics , etc , that door will be much easier to install than to a guy like me!The door itself is very good and works well.There is a magnet set on the lowest part of the flap , it is to prevent drafts from swinging the door open , but since the magnet 's power requires initiative and a bit of an effort on the cats ' part it may deter some animals from using the door . That magnet can be very easily removed without any damage to the flap and then the weakest cat can swing the door open.Such a door is Not to provide direct entry inside a home but rather inside a screened in porch or a garage , some structure which is safely closed off from living quarters , because as mentioned on the box , once bolted shut it will not stand up to raccoons ; they will break down the flap and that was why I had to replace my first door . I now place at night a very heavy block of wood behind the flap . Since I had the original door installed by professionals in my absence , I had no idea how challenging the work would be.Setting up this door was very trying , to say the least , but then it lives up to its promises . My evaluation is based on my perceived value of this door on a two-year period , until that breakage by a raccoon . Now that the job is done , I do not regret having again purchased the same model . Once the trial or ordeal of setting it up is over and all the cussing forgotten , if the job was done correctly , that door will provide excellent service.Still I would hesitate to recommend it to a friend , least he would ask me to help him set up the door!I would advise selecting a simpler model but then , how do you find such an item merely looking at the package ? Probably most any door will be as difficult to set up .
 Okay , so I bought this door for my very small dogs . The instructions are only graphics , no words , but I did figure this out using a little common sense . I cut the circle template out , taped it to my door , traced it , then removed it . Next I drilled two 1/4 inch holes on the outside of the circle . Then I used a reciprocating saw and cut all the way around . My door is a metal paneled door with some sort of styrofoam insulation . So far so good . The little plastic strips did not have to be cut down for my door . I took the clear plastic strip housing , popped the strips into one side , then put the other side of the housing over it . I used scotch tape to hold the outside door frame in place , put my strip housing inside the door frame , then lined up the interior frame . I inserted one screw at a time , which were really simple to tighten as the nut is held in place on the outside by the plastic frame . Done . All by me , a 30 year old woman , who only has two hands ... not three as some reviews suggest would be required to install this . It was n't the easiest thing I 've ever done but it sure was n't impossible . I just hope it continues to function properly in the future . ; -RRB-
 I bought this cat door before reading any of the reviews . The size was right for my big cat . It was installed at the top of the basement stairs in about 1.5 hours . It looks good in the door , and it 's perfect for letting cats through while keeping kids safe . I do n't know who 's herculean cat could break through the door -LRB- at a run , maybe ... -RRB- . Building this cat door does take some DIY skills , but is not as difficult as all the 1 star reviews suggest . The only reason I gave 4 stars instead of 5 was that I had to grind off the very long screws with my dremel tool . Appropriate screws would have been better . All the parts fit properly and the magnetic closure is nice . The instructions were fine too . Shipping was fast and the price was reasonable.Take your door off its hinges , and lay it on a flat work surface like some sawhorses . Measure and cut your circular hole CAREFULLY ! You only get one shot at this . -LRB- Tip
 UPDATE ! This is better than before . They have included METAL screws in three different sizes , and petsafe 's website has a video showing how EASY the installation can be -LRB- hint
 I already had one of these pet doors but my shitzu came through it at what seemed like 70 mph when it was accidently left locked and shattered the door flap to bits.I really liked the 4 lock option because you can lock it at night so they can come in and not go back out . The only thing I did n't like about my original was there was no weatherstrip around the flap so you did get some cold air in and out , but the new one I just received does have weatherstripping on it and no air seepage at all . I am very pleased .
 I think this product is a wonderful idea , but my cat hated them and he chewed them off . . they worked for a day or so . . but he would n't leave them alone .
 IM USED TO BUYING THE REALLY LARGE BAGS OF BEDDING FOR MY GU8INEA PIGS BUT THIS WILL DO . THE SIZE I BIG ENOUGH FOR NOW .
 Great product and very reasonably priced . Keeps odor at a minimum for our high maintenance rabbit and virtually dust free .
 Very pleased with purchase . Was exactly as described ! Great value for price paid ! We love the pine bedding over anything else for our little fellow .
 It was a grate price fot the amountI thought that it was gon na be a tiny little bag of bedding but it lasted me for 2 mounths witch is pretty good I will most defiantly be buying it again ! : -RSB-
 This arrived promptly and worked very well for baby chicks . I would use this again for more chicks . I recommend this product for small animals .
 I bought this for my guinea pig . It was n't quite as big of a package as I thought it was going to be , but was enough to change his cage - a 40 breeder tank three times . The guinea pig seemed happy and comfortable . With the free prime shipping it was worth the money and did expand quite a bit . Overall a good product .
 This bag of pine is huge . The pine is really compressed into the bag , so it lasts a good while . It is not scented , but is very absorbent and keeps odors under control for about a week . It 's a good deal .
 my pet good bedding.and other parts.thanks to good product.my pet very luck.ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha
 I 've used a number of different beddings for my piggies , and this one was definitely one of the best . It smells great , keeps the cage fresh for a long time , and the texture is also nice . It is a bit dusty , like all pine bedding , but it 's a great product !
 Kaytee is an excellent pet brand , so of course it is good . It 's the same stuff you would find in the pet section of your local store , but I do n't drive , so I order online . I would recommend this , or any other Kaytee brand supply for your pet .
 We bought this chain for English bulldog . He 's a very strong dog and needed something big and thick . It 's not overly thick but it has good size . In the past when we bought chains like this they would rust on our dogs coat . The dog has White fur under the collar and that is never an issue with this one .
 I ca n't believe how well this stuff works . No `` clay '' dust , no cat litter smell pervading the area . The cat loved it ; it cleans up fine , and it was the cheapest thing on the market . I found it at Walmart for $ 4.99 - not even sure what it is here ; but it 's great stuff . Do n't know why there is n't another like it on the market . Why are all the other litters the same when this one works so well ? I like it a LOT .
 Fat Cat 55164-01 Kitty Hoots Magnetic Note Pad Cat -LRB- 1 design -RRB- Great pads . Will use often . lots of note paper . great price
 When i started using this the next morning i was so shocked to see my fish tank . it was the Sharpest , and Clearest i had ever seen my fish tank on just bio filter and activated carbon alone in 2 years . i add this to my canister filter using my own media bag by fluval for a better/tight fit -LRB- MAKE sure you use a very fine media bag this product is also very fine -RRB- . it removed the slight tint my water had for years cause i love drift wood in my tank . this media works for 3 to 6 months in my canister filter before it needs replacing . just make sure you rinse and reset it in your filter each month or 2 . oh it also took away the fish water smell that would build up after a week or 2 when it was time for partial water changes . it has made viewing my fish sooo much more pleasurable . my fish seem happier as well . at least i think they are : -RRB- Edit
 These berry flavored treats must be very delicious to guinea pigs because mine gets excited every time I give her one . I do n't know how good they are for them because I think they are probably a little sweet . For this reason I do n't give them to her that often . I just break a little piece off the end and offer it to her in small portions . Usually as a reward for having done something good or to occupy her if I am going to be away . Keeps her busy and content .
 These rocks act like a sponge to soak up the ammonia and causes nitrifying bacteria to grow faster and produce more active colonies . The bacteria will then consume the ammonia . The rocks did not affect the ph level in my pond . The direction state to use one `` 10 pound bag for every 300 gallons of pond water for best results . '' I used this in my newly built pond and I think it helped a lot because the fish became more active a few days later and the pond now has a nice Ecosystem going . I placed some of the rocks in my filter box and the rest I put inMicrobe Lift 15-Inch X 16-Inch Pond Medium Media Bag MBAGMDand placed directly in the pond .
 My puppy Whiskey looks SO handsome in his new collar ! It goes great with his brindle coat and I definitely plan on ordering another one as soon as he destroys it from all his playing.And on top of the outstanding product quality , the quality of service was excellent as well ! They made it a very personable experience and I was blown away by how quickly the collar arrived in the mail . After that experience , I will never buy a collar from anyone else . GREAT JOB !
 we got this for our yellow Lab and absolutely love it . Good Quality
 I do n't know why this carrier is n't available anymore . It 's a great product . The material is high quality , the straps are comfortable , and it has a great storage pocket . Having 3 ways to open the bag also makes it easy to get any cat in and out .
 This is the second time I 've ordered from Wag.com through Amazon . Their website was very easy to use . I could track the shipment and it exactly as planned . Nothing went wrong from start to finish . Plus they have discount coupons now and then for extra savings . Ca n't get better than that !
 Walnut shells are a great thing for the bottom of the cages . This product is high quality and scoups out well . I have had no problems with it at all . There was no dust when pouring it into the trays or scouping . Love it !
 Works as advertised . Seems to improve appetite on finicky eaters . Have n't noticed much in coloration yet , but have only been using this product for a little over 2 weeks . On the downside , the lid does n't seal tightly after opening and everything smells like ZOE after dosing .
 This products provides my Goffin 's Cockatoo with hours and hours of enjoyment and pleasure . It stops feather picking and lasts a long time . No toy I have ever bought in 22 years for this bird has provided more enjoyment and hours of activity than this toy .
 I have a very active macaw . She has tons of toys in her cage and I change it every month . The Jungle Talk Lots of Legs is her TV-mommy time toy , that 's because she always has one when she gets out of her cage at night to watch TV with mommy and get lots of loving . When I am not talking to her and we are not dancing and playing , she needs a toy to keep her busy beak ... busy . LOL So , I call this toy `` busy beak '' -LRB- and she understands it . . I ask her if she wants her busy beak and she looks for it -RRB- . She loves it and spends a long time destroying the plastic rings .
 I ordered this for my Sun conure and he loves it . He will tear these to shreds , and has a blast doing it . The only thing is that the picture shows a duck , but when I ordered 10 of them , I received both yellow ducks and blue bears . No big deal , the birds love them both , but if you are expecting a duck you might get a bear . When I came back and re-read the description I saw that it was a duck/bear assortment . Great toy at a great price !!
 Hello I 'm an autistic adult.This is my review on the duck toy.My Cockatiel Sunny loves this toy he rode it like a horse until we put a swing in his cage . He loves nibbling , & chewing on the duck also so much he 's on his second duck the first duck got his head chewed off literally speaking.Overall great bird toy good for birds that like to naw on wood.Happy Birdy Toy Hunting ! -LRB-^_^-RRB-
 I had to write a review for this wonderful brand of dog food when I saw that no one gave it the credit it so richly deserves . Natures Variety Instinct is completely grain free and made from 95 % meat and 5 % assorted oils -LRB- like olive oil and fish oil -RRB- , vegetables , fruits , and vitamins/minerals . I was a loyal follower of Canadie dog food for years until they decided to change their formula and increase their amounts of grains being used . Then the reports came in stating that so many dogs were getting sick over it . I was at a loss until I came across this line of dog food from a small manufacturing group . The reviews I read online were phenomenal and I decided to try it . I have a baby long-haired Chihuahua that absolutely loves this food . It doesnt give her an upset stomach , nor does it make her stools runny . She only has to eat a very small amount because its so nutrient packed . Her coat looks lustrous and her eyes sparkle . I decided to use the chicken meal formula because it offered a higher protein intake compared to the other instinct dry food options. , but all of them offer the same fat intake and omega-3 & 6 . It may not have the fancy commercials and the marketing campaign of more well known dog foods like Purina , but it more then makes up for it by making a product of exceptional quality .
 I struggled with my Rhodesian Ridgeback Mix Muriel and the allergies and sensitive stomach that she inherited . We tried other premium brands such as Wellness , Canidae , Inova and even made our food until we found Nature 's Variety . It was actually recommended to us by a vet who specializes in dogs with allergies.Since we started feeding this fantastic food 4 years ago Muriel no longer gets hives , upset stomach or ear infections . Her coat is glossy and she is as energetic as a puppy even though she 's almost 9 years old . We also feed Nature 's Variety to our 2 cats and our other dog Gilbert -LRB- English Fox Hound Mix -RRB- . They love the chicken instinct but we rotate through the other flavors available and add Nature 's Variety Canned and Raw frozen food -LRB- Available in a variety of flavors
 Our puppy had never had a solid poop in his life . He was tested for parasites , etc and came out negative . When we switched to grain free , the results were almost immediate , plus his coat got nicer looking too .
 I purchased this food 1 -RRB- for the ingredients and 2 -RRB- for the convenience of Amazon.com delivery . With 2 small dogs , 13.2 lb . was the best size bag . Our older dog , with no digestive issues , just loves this food , gobbles it up , and she is a picky eater . She has no problems digesting the food . Our second dog has had digestive and allergy issues and had problems with the food . He loved the taste , but the result was loose watery stools , and we had to stop feeding immediately . Perhaps it was too rich for his system - we have since put him on a vegetarian diet with great success .
 we have two pickey eaters and one has allergies to beat the band . we tried different brands but this was the only one the dogs would eat . they love it .
 I have an 8 year old 8 lb toy fox terrier . With other dog foods he gains weight and eats a lot more at a time than he does with this Instinct dog food . I researched dog foods and tried to find ones that were the best and this is one of them . I feed him and he eats the right amount of this daily and maintains a more healthy weight . This dog food does n't have a strong `` dog food smell '' . It will take some time for him eat this size bag but the bag shelf life is good for this brand and it has a good tight bag sealer on it . I put enough for a week in another container so I do n't have to open this large bag very often . I also have this on a quarterly automatic purchase with amazon and will save even more by buying the larger bag . A 4.4 lb bag averages $ 16 or $ 17 and the 13.2 lb bag averages $ 32.53 but if you do the automatic plan , it is $ 30.90 . The information on the front of the bag under Chicken Meal Formula `` says it all '' .
 My dog has sensitive skin , I switched his food to Instinct . I am already noticing that his skin is less red and itchy . I am pleased with the results of changing his food to Instinct .
 I have a dual-socket fixture in my 58 gallon bowfron Penn Plax aquarium . I use one of these bulbs along with an 18000 Kelvin -LRB- blue wavelength -RRB- spectrum bulb . This combination gives great illumination with a pleasing color balance . Using just the daylight spectrum by itself is rather dull in my opinion .
 Allpet is very fast and the packageing is great . I will buy again , but this bulb is not a T-10 as the description says , it is a T-8 . Bulbs are very bright and fit my 3 '' ballast . Overall I am happy with my purchase.Product gets 5 stars but I wanted a T-10 .
 This doggles is really cool ! My 6pound Maltese looks really good with it . He wears it on our bike ride where he sits on a basket and gets compliments from people all the time . He only had to scratch it if his hair gets in the way otherwise he 's cool with it . Great product and I highly recommend it ! I told them to check out Amazon !
 I 've tried several retractable leads and this is my favorite . It costs more than I think a leash should , but is very comfortable and durable . I had my last one for several years and the only problem I had was that my new dog chewed it up - so I bought a new one . It extends smoothly , the lock works well , and it is very comfortable to hold . I 've purchased cheaper leads from discount stores and had them break within a year -LRB- and they were far less comfortable to hold -RRB- .
 This leash is awesome !!! Nice reflective stitching on the purple leash part . Comfortable grip on the handle . The catch and release of the leash is very easy to operate and very functional . The leash extends and contracts very smoothly , the product is made very well . I can tell my little girl feels a sense of freedom during the walks because of the smooth action of the leash , and she seems much happier after the walks due to her new found freedom . This is a MUST BUY to anyone looking for an outstanding leash.Update-I have had this leash now for 2 years and it still works great . No problems to report . BUY THIS LEASH !!!
 My two dogs love this hand puppet toy but the truth is , there 's one very bad drawback to it
 Absolutely THE favorite toy of one Golden Retriever ! The dog has tons of toys but always picks this one to play and sleep with . It lasted 2 years through puppyhood and finally has no more hair or eyes . Getting him another one for Christmas ... and his new little sister is getting the lion .
 We own a goldendoodle who is now 17 mos old , she is a wonderful animal , she sometimes would throw up after she ate . I brought this Posture table for her and she no longing gets sick . It is great to see her eat at her own `` level '' . This is a wonderful for all animals but I think for big animals it is the best , they no longer have to bend down to eat .
 I had an arthretic dog that was having a hard time bending down to eat . I saw it on sale for $ 12.99 and thought we 'd give it a try . WOW ! It made a huge difference . He has now passed on , but our new lab loves it too . It adjusts as she grows . No more dishes sliding around the floor . No more water splashing onto the wood floors . It is clean and easy to maintain . Also works great for travelling . I can bungee tie it to the car and it does n't flip or slide while we drive . YEA !!!
 I bought this for my mother so that she could use it for her older pet . The bowls are lightweight & easy to refill & clean . The legs are adjustable to your pet 's height - she likes it . Her pet has hip problems - so this product really takes the strain off of her during eating/drinking - I would buy again .
 this product is amazing . Our dog love his new dinner alot . Would definitely recommend to others .
 Bulbs had great prices and were packed VERY well . The description indicates T10 , but the bulb is actually a T8 bulb . Allpet provided me with fantastic customer service . They called me back the same day after they physically checked the product to verify it was a T8 . The type of bulb is important to know to see if its compatible with your hood . 2 of these bulbs were used in my 55g fresh water cichlid tank.The color spectrum of this bulb is exactly what I was looking for to brighten the aquarium .
 Local pet stores have limited selection of the many types of bulbs . Online I could get the exact bulb I wanted , for a delivered price below pet stores . My initial concern was possible damage of the 48 '' bulb , but it arrived extremely well packed . I was very happy with the transaction .
 They look pink wen on but look white on tank corals and fish Sims to like them will recommend this lights save $ $ $ $ cheaper than my pet store order them on Sunday got them Tuesday great service very happy with purchase .
 I know of no better bulbs to avoid a dingy yellow or washed out white looking aquarium . They really bring out the red and blue colors in the fish , and the green in the plants . I have also had great success using these for live plants .
 It works , it 's bright , and it fits my Eclipse system but at about half the cost of the OEM bulb . Plants seem to be liking it too .
 I would highly recommend the Power Glo lighting to anyone . It makes your tank pop ! I would n't think of using any other brand . Great product !!!
 I have used Hagen Power-Glo tubes for years and they are fantastic.I ordered two of these and they arrived in excellent condition from One Way Pet , LLC , well packaged to survive the trip.Unfortunately , as with another reviewer , I received T8 tubes , instead of the T10 tubes described on Amazon . Although they are the same length -LRB- 48 '' -RRB- , the smaller diameter T8 tubes require more starting power , and thus were incompatible with my lamps that were built for T10 or T12 tubes.Amazon processed the return with no hassles .
 These lights work well and are just bright enough for my small 12 gallon aquarium . They put off a little heat , but it is the perfect amount for my fish .
 Its hard to find these in a two pack . They are much cheaper this way . Most aquariums have two bulb sockets , so they should all be sold in two packs .
 Not the top of the line but for the price it 's definitely a good buy for me . They arrived on time and they worked .
 I was happy to find these in a two pack for my small aquariums . They are the perfect size and wattage for my 5 gallon tanks and the two pack makes them very affordable .
 All other bulbs only lasted only 1 week and cost more for 1 bulb than the two I received . It is hard to find 15 Watt bulbs in my area at this price . Will buy again .
 The lighting is a perfect , easy on the eyes glow that lights up nicely . Does n't heat up enough to change the water temperature . Very please with this , especially it 's affordable price . These do the same if not better job than the $ 8 bulbs at the pet store . Strongly recommended !
 Just what my fishtank needed - those 20w ones blow the fuse so these 15w ones are perfect . Will definitely buy again .
 A VERY GOOD LIGHT AT A VERY GOOD PRICE.VERY HAPPY WITH LIGHT AND RECEIEVED IT VERY FAST TOO.i WOULD SURLY RECOMMEND THIS PRODUCT .
 I bought this pad for my dog 's collapsible crate , and it is great . It is warm , light , was very easy to fit to the base of the crate , and folds up with it .
 very nice quality - unfortunately ca n't let the doxie have it - he `` knows '' there 's something under it and so dig he must ! the `` older '' kids love it and it 's big enough for at least 2 at a time - I use it on the floor as a sleeping mat . It was delivered very quickly as well - another bonus in my book .
 Though I use these as crate pads , they also work well as throw rugs . Wash and dry beautifully and the dogs do not chew them up !
 My animals love sheepskin pads . This one is a good size on furniture or in one of the carrying cases . It seems to be warm in winter yet cool in summer !
 In addition to an array of aquariums ranging from 55 gallons and up - we keep our Betta in an Aqueon 5 gallon Bow Front.When the bulb went out , I headed to the local pet store to pick up a replacement - no dice , they do n't carry them.Then to both Petco and Petsmart - again no dice they do n't carry these but both suggested to try Home depot.So off to Home Depot - they carry this size bulb but the lowest wattage is 25 - which would throw off far to much heat . I bought one anyway to give poor `` Gill '' a little much needed light.But in twenty minutes the temperature , as expected began to rise.I do n't know why I did n't check Amazon to begin with - after all we buy virtually everything else here . In fact out of my 120 reviews I would guess 40 % are devoted to dog and aquarium supplies - go figure.Sure enough , here they are on Amazon for a mere $ 3.99 - plus with my Prime membership they were shipped via free two day shipping.The bulbs arrived in perfect condition and are shipped carefully and fast , I purchased a few just to have replacements on hand - and considering how difficult these are to find , you 'll most likely want to do the same .5 FINS UP !
 This is a great bird toy , and I really wish it was still being manufactured . My cockatoo loves it and it does last for quite a while considering her strength . I bought a few of them on here , which was the only place I was able to find them and am glad I did .
 This product is great . Each different rope offers something different . My parakeet ca n't live without this toy . This is about her third or fourth one since I 've had her . Every time I get ready to put a new one in she goes crazy !
 Our older dog has hip dysplasia . Living in Northern Michigan , the winters are really hard on him . He eats canned food for breakfast and dry food for dinner , so I put one of these in with his canned food along with glucosamine , chondroitin and Msm . . It really seems to be helping him a lot and normally one a day does the trick . Occasionally he seems extra stiff and uncomfortable in the late afternoon , so I have given him another aspirin later on . . He takes it and chews it down , no problem . . HOWEVER , if the seller `` Ozbo '' comes up as the supplier , you may want to order from another source . . I ordered from them on Feb. 3 , it was suppose to arrive no later than Feb. 13 -LRB- today -RRB- but when checking the tracking info yesterday , I discovered they have n't even shipped it yet.I wrote asking why , received no answer , so I requested a cancellation this morning , which they did , but I received no explanation or apology . . My dog is now down to one aspirin , and I ca n't get these locally , so I 'm very unhappy with the seller OZBO and will never order anything that comes from them again .
 Helps a lot with Doggie aches and pains . My 8 year old Aussie/Lab has arthritis and limped a lot before the Aspirin . Just make sure to give some food before meds .
 We give one of these to our older Doberman after a good run -- seems to help keep him more comfortable . Actually bought this relatively inexpensive product to get my order up to the $ 25.00 amt . for free shipping , but would order it again .
 this helps take away pain from the arthritis of older dogs , and it keeps the pain away , so they can get along with the other dogs
 We bought this because it was a reasonable price and hoped our old shepherd has joint pain due to his arthritis would benefit . It worked real fast . I checked with the vet and was told to give one in a.m and one p.m. . Our dog thanked us and we thanked the makers of this product !
 Rufus is 100 pounds and has arthritis in his front shoulder . I give him an aspirin in the mornings with his breakfast . Sometimes he gets a little excited when he goes outside and jumps around with our other dog , so it definitely helps .
 I would rather not give my 10 1/2 year old Lab anything , but after a meal , these aspirins just do the trick for her .
 Our pet seems to be doing much better with this pain pill and we are n't afraid to use it when needed . We would recommend Nutri-Vet K-9 Aspirin Chewables .
 I bought this for my dog 's arthritis pain . It 's not something I would use everyday as aspirin is rough on the tummy , but she needs it on colder days sometimes . I use it when necessary and she seems to do really well . Often she is using her leg again within 30 min and it lasts all day . Also , my boxer loves the flavor and I like having it around since its way cheaper then buying it from the vet !
 I bought this product in conjunction with glucosamine and saw a noticeable difference right away . My 74-lb shepherd mix seems much more active . Very pleased !
 This product is a good value . My dog loves the taste of it so there is never an issue with her taking it . It 's strenght is appropriate and enables her to get around as she did when she was younger .
 These do n't smell very good to humans , but my dog thinks they are treats . She does n't need to be tricked into eating them -- I just toss one at her and she gobbles it up . We feed her one after her breakfast and they seemed to have increased her mobility and improved her energy level , so I think they are helping her with joint pain . Great price , too . -LRB- Took a star off for the smell . -RRB-
 We have a European Black Lab who 's getting along in years . The vet medicine for his arthritis was running us $ 51 for a 20 day supply . It was advised to stop the old medicine for 3 days before starting the new meds . We did has instructed and although it took about a week and a half , these aspirin seem to help even better with is hip problems than the prescription meds . Aspirin everyday seems to help is mobility greatly . Although it can cause tummy problems we 've found giving it with food helps settle it . Given his age though , something else will probably give out before his stomach become an issue . For anyone looking for a cheaper alternative to vet meds , I recommend these . Just give them a couple of weeks to work . Nadine -LSB- ... -RSB-
 I was spending $ 75 a month for pain meds from my vet that my dog hated . He lost his appetite on the vets meds , it worked but at what price ? I tried this aspirin and it works just as good . My dog can get around better , less stiffness etc. . . He has arthritis in his back hips . I have him on this and glucosamine and it makes a big difference.Be sure to give the aspirin with food so the dogs stomach does not get upset . This is a bargain ...
 My oldest dog , Abbey , has arthritis and the aspirin I was giving her , on advice from my vet , was no longer available . I found Nutri-Vet K-9 aspirin on the Amazon site and purchased it after reading the reviews . She has been taking the aspirin for several weeks and there is a noticeable difference in the way she moves . She has even tried to run !! There is no problem giving the aspirin to her as she really likes the liver favor . I just have to watch so the cat does n't steal it from her .
 works very well . . was using prescription meds that cost $ 75 a month that upset my dogs stomach and she would not eat . This aspirin works great , visible results and she still loves to eat . So glad I found this product .
 We have used these Nutri-Vet K-9 chewable aspirin for several years with several dogs for a variety of reasons . I 've never had a dog refuse to take them right out of the bottle nor have we ever had a dog have a bad reaction to these . We have a large pack of dogs ranging in age from 6 years to 12 years old and they are very active - constantly wrestling & playing or chasing squirrels and shadows all over the yard . That means there are going to be days when a dog -LRB- or two -RRB- is either feeling his age with some arthritis aches or has just overdone with the running & jumping . Our vet has given his stamp of approval for two of these with food as needed and they always help our hounds . We have large breed dogs - Rhodesian Ridgebacks & a Walker Coon Hound , not sure how effective or what dose would be good with small breeds , but 2 tablets for a 70lb to 90lb dog seems just right .
 I -LRB- and my dog -RRB- love this product and was super excited to see it on Amazon !!! It 's a lot more expensive in the pet stores and works wonders on my pet !!!
 When our 12 year old dog began limping periodically we discovered he had arthritis . 300mg of enteric aspirin was suggested . We were also told that the human variety was acceptable . It worked great for the arthritis , but it upset his stomach and he stopped eating about 2/3 of his normal amount . I found this product here at Amazon and decided to give it a try . Since the aspirin is chewable , we decided to start with 1/2 a tablet to see how it worked . He 's doing great now , eating better than ever , is much more active and far less &#34; grumpy &#34; . I would recommend this to anyone with a dog in need of pain relief because it is chewable -LRB- therefore you can reduce the dose -RRB- and does n't upset their stomachs as the human type so often does .
 This item is really make it easier for my dog to deal with pain ! Its making life easier for her
 Our dog had a date to be euthanized , as her joints were so painful to her that we could n't let her stay in that much pain . We put her on this Aspirin and canceled the appt ! She is up and moving , walking with the other dogs and showing NO pain ! It is even better than the VERY expensive pain meds that the Vet had her on ! Well worth the money !!!!
 I used the gentle leader calming cap to introduce my dog to the city and get him used to going on walks because he has problems with leash aggression - he has been attacked a few times by loose dogs while we were on walks and became very fearful . He had never been around so many cars , dogs , sirens , helicopters -LRB- I live in downtown LA -RRB- , and the calming cap allows him to walk calmly with literally no incident by dogs , and all of these other distractions . Using this during his first week in the city has been critical in adjusting him to all the new sites and sounds . I ca n't say enough good things about this training tool !
 do you have a dog who lunges on leash ? well , it could mean your dog has leash reactivity . what is it ? google it and find out more . in the meantime , order the calming cap . use it after reading how to use it properly . you will see immediate results in your dog . i know . i have two reactive rovers -- one due to being a fearful rescue dog and the other became a reactive rover after an undiagnosed injury . the calming cap does just that -- calms our dogs .
 If you have a long-haired or curly-haired dog , you need this comb . It glides through the fur much more easily than a regular comb . It still catches the tangles and has to be worked through them like a regular comb , but it was much easier on my puppy than the slicker brush I tried before . I have a toy poodle puppy that until two days ago had a lot of fur -LRB- he got trimmed Wednesday -RRB- . The untangler comb is the only one I use on him .
 Love this comb . Do n't know if the twirling teeth do anything but my cats LOVE this comb ! When you find a knot the teeth make it possible to take very small bites and work the knot out slowly and gently .
 My cats , even the one who does n't care much for fish flavored dry and wet foods , love these flakes . I am happy because they are all natural , and easy for them to eat . Cats tend not to chew their food much and that is why crunchy treats are often a waste of money if not simply bad for digestion.My cats smell this stuff and heads start turning . One of the cats gets flakes on her fur and then happily licks herself to get the remaining bits all cleaned up . They purr like crazy with it.If you are looking for wholesome foods for your cat , make sure you get Ann Martin 's book , _ Food Pets Die For _ , here on Amazon.Have fun !
 This is the good stuff my cats come running for!This is a jar of dried fish `` shavings . '' They 're paper thin , and cats ADORE them . I have to hide the jar , because if I do n't , I find the jar in the morning with little kitty tooth marks all over it , from them trying to get it open . LOL.This stuff is such a big hit at my house , that I have taught my cats tricks - like to `` Sit '' on command , in exchange for this treat - that 's how much they love it.Best of all , I have a cat whose tummy gets upset easily , and she never gets sick after eating this like she did with other kinds of treats . This is 100 % pure dried fish - NO fillers , which is great.I deducted one star because these shavings tend to turn to powder in the bottom of the jar , which makes the cats sneeze so I usually have to throw a tiny bit of it away - but it is a very small portion compared to the size of the container.Overall , this is a great product , healthy and makes kitties VERY happy . I buy it regularly .
 This bulb looks awesome at night . It illuminates with a nice purple glow . The fish love it and so do I.
 My fishes love all of their food ! Ca n't go wrong ! I have a 125 G reef and if I am not paying attention and run out I have to drive a good ways to get this . Definitely worth the cost !
 This is one sturdy little pig . Our son and his family have a Scottish Terrier and he absolutely loves Pig . The first time he got it , he took it in his mouth and started shaking it . I figured the pig would n't last long at that rate , but I was wrong . Buddy has been shaking Pig for a year and we 're just going to replace it now . It 's starting to wear and I suppose I could sew it up , but it 's so inexpensive we just ordered another . -LRB- In fact , we ordered two because if he ever loses one , he 'll be lost . -RRB- It 's his favorite toy and he is never far away from it . I would certainly recommend this toy .
 My cavalier king charles spaniel loves this toy . He figured out that by shaking the retractable string and leaping around , he himself can actually fling the toy ! He loves it ! I could n't figure out how this toy worked , but alas , my clever little dog did ! A great toy for puppy !
 I received the product even faster than expected , the price was excellent and the product is just as described , great !
 I agree with others that this is a really strange toy . The retractable string is really not ideal for throwing . And , who would want to throw a plush toy outside for a dog to fetch ? However , for some reason our dog LOVES this toy . It is consistently his favorite , and he has a pretty hard time destroying it . We have probably been through 4 of these in the past 2 or 3 years -LRB- as opposed to other toys , which he can destroy in a matter of minutes -RRB- . He really likes the squirrel fling-it toy , too .
 SOY COLECCIONISTA DE CERDITOS , TENGO DE TODAS FORMAS , TAMA&N tilde ; OS Y COLORES , ESTE ESTA LINDO
 I found this to be a very good deal . I was buying mine at Ace 20 lbs suddenly they went from 14.99 to 19.99 . Look around and found this one 25 lbs for 22.22 total . Very good deal and very fast delivery .
 It is very hard to find small dog treats . My dog is only 9 pounds , so this size is perfect . She looks forward to her candy treat !
 Great comb , gets through all the snarls ! Ca n't beat the price . Well constructed , should last for ever , just as good as the expensive ones !
 The lion charm arrived looking exactly as pictured and my daughter loved it ! I received the item at my home within three days of purchase . I 'm very satisfied - thanks for an excellent purchase experience -LRB- as usual ! -RRB-
 My cat , Vigga who is 12 , started on Azodyl a little over a year ago when he developed CRF . It has brought his numbers down significantly . I will continue to use this product as long as he continues to fight to stay around . I would recommend to anyone wanting to give their fur pal a longer , more productive life . I truly believe it has given him the extra life we all so desperately wanted him to have . He gets the capsules whole -LRB- he 's a VERY good patient -RRB- , but I have heard opening them up and mixing with a little baby food -LRB- ie , Gerber 2nds , no spices , only meat -RRB- is perfectly OK too . Anyone that has a cat with CRF , I would also recommend joining the Yahoo group dealing with CRF as well as saving a website that has been a life saver for us also . I will try to list the links . Hope Amazon will allow me to do so . -LRB- -LSB- ... -RSB- -RRB- is the website and if you go to -LSB- ... -RSB- and scroll down to groups it should come up with feline CRF support . There are over 1500 people that are members and they are a tremendous help .
 I was purchasing this product from my vet for 3 times what I pay here . Big consideration is that it is a refregerated product so needs to be kept cold . Can you be home to recieve it ? This is a GREAT product for those animals who need it . It has increased the quality of life tremendously in our household .
 The Entirely Pets employees are knowledgeable and courteous . The shipment arrived with cold-paks included in record time for regular shipping rate . The price on the Azodyl was very competitive . Will buy again . You can actually talk to a person , too !
 Azodyl was recommended by my vet last year when she found that my 13-year-old German Shepherd had indications of kidney dysfunction . She made no promises but suggested I consider it given the positive recommendations she 'd heard from other vets , and I agreed to give it a try.At the same time she also switched my dog 's diet from a high-protein food to Hills K/D , and after a few months my dog 's kidney function was back to normal , confirmed with a sonogram . It 's a year later , and things are still fine.So I guess I 'll never know if the Azodyl really works or if it 's the switch to the K/D ... why ? Well -LRB- as any pet owner will tell you -RRB- because of course I 'll * never * stop giving my dog Azodyl ... at 14 + years , we 're not going to play science experiment to save a few nickels , right ? :--RRB- And I 'm fine with that.The dosage instructions recommend giving the capsules outside of feeding times -LRB- I guess the bio-whatsits work better without competition from food digesting -RRB- , so I give her two capsules before bedtime.I 've ordered and re-ordered this from the same MarketPlace vendor each time , and it 's always been very well packed with plenty of cold packs and insulation sleeves.I guess they know I 'll be a customer for as long as I can ... :--RRB- *** Update two years later
 I have no problem with the product . It was delivered within the stated delivery time . The only problem was that this medication should be kept cold . It arrived in a large box . there was a cold pack with the medication but the cold pack was completly defrosted almost room temperature . I would suggest to the company to package this product COLD .
 i am happy with product and shipment ; however , i wish it could be kept a little bit colder
 Azodyl is a fantastic product . My dog has done so well combining Azodyl with Epakitin . They truly help animals with kidney failure to live more comfortably and to have great quality of life !
 The vendor met all obligations . the Azodyl arrived promptly and was cold-packed . All appeared in good order .
 arrived when they said it would and the packaging kept it cold like to pills are supposed to be .
 I ordered the Azodyl and the Epakitin and it arrived within two days and was still cold . They were packed tight and the price was great . I save over $ 35.00 a month ordering on line -LRB- my vet is literally down the street from my house ! -RRB- at this site . Medi-Vet has the best price on both and believe me , I checked.Will definitely do business with them again !!
 I noticed that my precious 17 year old Snowshoe -LRB- purebred Siamese and Domestic Short Hair -RRB- Cat was limping . I looked at her foot and one nail was growing into her pad . I took her to the vet and she cut the nail and treated the wound . I brought her home and she was lying under my table . I heard a strange noise and saw that she was having a terrible seizure . I took her back to the vet and she did a blood test . Bun was 53 , creatinine was 2.2 . The vet said she had signs of kidney and liver problems and advised a prescription diet . She told me my cat had 3 months to a year and a half to live . She was very pessimistic and offered me no encouragement or help at all . She seemed annoyed that I refuse to do expensive testing which would only diagnose and not help my cat . My cat had been sleeping almost continuously for quite a while . I attributed this to old age . I searched frantically on the internet for something that would help my cat . I 'm into organic food and have always fed her a high quality dry food from the health food store - she simply would not eat canned . I saw the reviews for Azodyl and I ordered it . It came warm and I was so upset . I demanded that they overnight it to me and they did . After the first dosage I had a sense that she felt a little better . She has now been on Azodyl for about 12 days . She has improved more each day . She is awake for much of the day . She is meowing for attention . The last two days she has been DEMANDING that I play with her and entertain her . She walks around the house looking at everything with interest . This is truly a MIRACLE . My old sick , almost comatose cat is enjoying life again . I 'll keep her on this medicine for good . I hope it will extend her life and prevent further kidney damage . No matter what , she is FEELING SO MUCH BETTER AND HAPPIER . I thank God for the Internet and for letting me find something to help my cat . I hope that Vets become aware of this treatment and recommend it instead of the horrible , unhealthy prescription diets they prescribe .
 After making the Amazon purchase of Azodyl , I directly contacted the Med-Vet customer service representative Melissa McMullen 800-668-9698 . I asked and paid for extra cold insulation and next day delivery . This is the standard handling method for vaccines , as recommended by the marketing firm Vetoquinol information officer , Dr. James Spiezio 813-482-3231 . I received the Azodyl caps cold within 8 hours . Azodyl has effected clinical improvement in chronic feline renal failure . It is administered twice a day with locally purchased Greenies Pill Pockets Feline.Pill Pockets for Cats Salmon 45ctI am extremely satisfied and again will buy Azodyl from Med-Vet through Amazon again .
 I have learnt about this medicine when my cat was diagnosed with severe kidney failure back in Oct. 2007 . Together with other medicines such as CoQ-10 -LRB- 30mg -RRB- , she miraculously recovered . She is still on this medicine , and I can not imagine where she might be without it . The vendor , MedVet , has it well packaged for every delivery , summer or winter . I highly recommend this medicine to anyone who seeks help for their fluffy friends .
 My dog is a survivor of the pet food recall . This product along with Epakitin has kept his BUN and Creatinine levels stable for over a year . He is feeling good with a good quality of life . I am a nurse and I researched many treatment options for him and the results of this are amazing . It is not a hoax like many other treatments . He responded poorly to the traditional medications which made him ill and he was taken off . He also is on a prescription dog food , homemade food , pet-tinic as an appetite stimulant/vitamin , omega 3 and vitamin E. I would strongly recommend to anyone wanting a longer , healthier and happy life for their pet diagnosed with chronic renal failure . It is okay to be out of refrigeration for up to 10 days . I put the pill in a small amount of cream cheese and my dog eats it up
 though evidently an excellent product ... seemed to help friend 's cat ... but could not use for my small 20 year old cat ... I have given her pills before , but though it was a small capsule , it was not small enough
 My persian cat was diagnosed with Renal failure approximately one year ago . That 's right ! One year ago and after giving my cat Azodyl every day it is extended his life , he is eating and moving around as he always did prior to the prognosis . I know he will not live forever but his quality of life is much better and he is not suffering . Excellent product if your pet , either dog or cat is diagnosed with renal failure . Give it a try and give your pet the chance for better quality of life.This company shipped this immediately , put it on dry ice and I had it in more than a timely manner .
 1 . Chronic renal failure is a fatal disease but can be treated and your pet will probably live longer . It is growing in incidence and vets are n't sure why -LRB- research feline or canine hyperthyroidism which is often a precursor to CRF -RRB- . Your pet should have a full blood panel every six months after age 8 and before that if , e.g. , your pet is prone to kidney disease -LRB- Persians , Siamese , e.g. , and others -RRB- . The earlier you catch the problem , the longer your pet will live . Note that one of the first signs of CRF is an increase in thirst and more output in the litter box .2 . Azodyl was not available for our first two CRF cats . Even so , with home-administered subcutaneous Lactated Ringer 's Solution -LRB- LRS -RRB- and other meds they lived two years of good quality life after diagnosis . -LRB- See -LSB- ... -RSB- for very helpful info . -RRB- One of the things we do , which you may not find recommended , is give all our pets distilled water . We also feed only very high-quality protein , relatively low phosphorus food , no mystery meat . Two of the best , in our nonprofessional opinion , are Solid Gold turkey and By Nature turkey -LRB- also available via Amazon -RRB- . Keep fish to a minimum ; there is a little in the Solid Gold .2 . Our experience with Azodyl . Our third cat lived five years after early diagnosis , this time with Azodyl available and other good care . The Azodyl capsule is too big for most cats , thus we gave it to her mixed in food -- but it was not known that one hour prior to a meal is more efficacious . We are now on our fourth CRF cat , who is 18 years old , diagnosed eight months ago from a 6-month check-up . We give her the contents of one capsule of Azodyl mixed in a teaspoon or so of food one hour prior to her main meal , twice a day . Mixed in with her main meal are one or two drops of sublingual B12 complex . On her 6-month check after diagnosis , her results were about the same -- and one was back in the normal range . The vet was surprised at the results because we are n't feeding our cat any of the prescription diets due to their mysterious `` meat by-product '' content . Note
 I read about this product when my doggy was diagnosed with a kidney failure . I hope my little doggy is going to be ok with this product very soon .
 I have been giving my 9 yr old cat Azodyl for about 8 months now . He has had CRF for about 3 1/2 yrs and I have been feeding him Royal Canin or Hill 's K/D Rx food , giving him Pepcid A/C once a day -LRB- 1/2 tab -RRB- and vitamin paste every couple of days . About every 5 months , he would go down and not want to eat and taking him to the vet and giving him sub-Q fluids was the only way to get back on track . Finally , 8 months ago , even this was not working . Every few months I would conduct a web research to see if anything new was available for CRf and this time around I came upon Azodyl and Epakitin - I shared my research with my vet , he reviewed my cat 's recent blood workup and suggested that since his Calicum levels were ok , that Epakitin might not be beneficial but that Azodyl - being a probiotic would not hurt . I purchased a bottle and received it within two days -LRB- using 2-3 day delivery -RRB- and it arrived cold - I used Entirely Pets but it appears several of the online pet stores follow the same shipping protocol and send this item packed with cold packs in an insulated aluminum bag and box . Within a few days , he was eating again - Hill 's K/D . My cat was down to 7-3/4 pounds -LRB- medium sized cat -RRB- and over the next couple of weeks I purchased a 3 month supply . Within about 2 or 3 months , his weight was back to about 10 pounds . He looks good , his fur is shiny , he is back to being playful and is in marvelous shape . It literally is a miracle cure.I have a couple of suggestions . I give him the Azodyl , first thing in the morning and another at about 5PM . For the morning feeding , I clean his bowl carefully -LRB- no soap residue -RRB- and ensure he eats before I administer the pill . I want to ensure that he is not going to throw up -LRB- he still does but about every 5 to 6 days vs. every day or every other - and alot less now -RRB- . And to ensure he has a little saliva from the recent eating to allow the pill to go down smoother . I administer the Pepcid later in the evening and I also try to get him to eat before bedtime . I also have a waterer and I keep it refreshed with clean water a couple times a day . And I also give him some tartar treats -LRB- only about two -RRB- and one other treat that has Omegas -LRB- from Trader Joes -RRB- - only 2 a day also.I also am finding that a 3 month supply might be too long - it appears the 3rd bottle starts to go bad as he starts to not want to eat , I have reordered at the 2-1/2 month mark , I get the Azodyl and within a couple of days he is right back on track . Not sure if I need to keep my fridge a bit cooler but otherwise , this Azodyl is wonderful stuff , hope this helps !!
 I did a lot of research on prices for Azodyl . My 11 year old lab retriever was diagnosed with chronic kidney failure and her vet prescribed Azodyl -LRB- 3x a day -RRB- . At the vet 's price of $ 60 for 60 caps , I researched the Internet . Every pet supply website had fairly decent pricing but shipping ranged from $ 15 - $ 20 . I purchased two 60 cap for $ 51.78 plus 4.95 shipping from discountpetsupplies via Amazon . They were packed with cold packs and were cool when they arrived in just a few days . I definitely will buy from this seller again ! Also , my lab is doing very well - more active and playful than she has been in months . She is also on Science Diet prescription k/d dog food .
 Believe these are intended to be review of item , not seller . In any case , this seller shipped promptly with cold packs and this is my third bottle of Azodyl from them . I wanted to advise those considering Azodyl to give it a try if your pet has chronic renal failure . My 14 yo male cockapoo developed CRF in Dec. '08 with BUN of 130 + , Creatinine 3.1 and Phosphorus of 14 . My vet was aggressive with antibiotics -LRB- amoxicillin , flocillin , and neodarbazine tabs -RRB- and gave me a canine vitamin after the dog showed pica . He had been on rimidyl for arthritis and Megace progesterone to reduce perianal adenoma . I also started near-daily hydration with sc lactated Ringers . Blood values were taken monthly and by 9Feb09 his BUN had decreased slightly to 122 but Creatinine was up to 3.9 and phosphorus was 14.6 . He had lost 3 pounds -LRB- nearly 20 % of TBW -RRB- and the vet had nothing further except a phosphite binder -LRB- drugstore antacids cheaper than veterinary forms -RRB- and KD diet which my dog would n't touch even when he was well . He continued to show excessive drinking and lethargy , and would n't eat . Desperate , we searched the internet and found reference to probiotics and Azodyl . My dog has now been on Azodyl for 6 weeks , taken readily in pillpockets . He has regained all his weight , drinks less , eats his beneful and Cesar plus homemade diets , is active , resumed walking , jumping and playing . Yesterday I took him back to the vet to show his improvement . The vet refused to even talk about Azodyl or look at the data I printed off the Vetoquinol site -LRB- -LSB- ... -RSB- -RRB- . I also had data showing that Rimidyl is not recommended for senior dogs with hepatic or renal problems . I am through with this vet , and have not resumed the daily Rimidyl since this condition started . The vet would n't do further blood values which would have been interesting proof of recovery but I am convinced that Azodyl has saved my dog 's life . The hydration I did was also probably important during the worst of his CRF but he would n't tolerate the needle after a point and thankfully , the need for this seems over . Someone in the vet community needs to do independent verification of this approach with Azodyl to validate that the product flushes out uremic toxins . I recommend that owners with CRF pets to patronize younger vet practitioners who are not too quick with the antibiotics as an answer to everything -LRB- which may sterilize the gut -RRB- and will consider holistic approaches including probiotics as well as working with assessment of owner treatments . POSTSCRIPT - Our beloved dog died in May . I believe the Azodyl gave him an extra 6-8 months of life beyond what would have been possible , even with aggressive care by my vet . Eventually the old guy 's kidneys just gave out and he slipped into a coma and was gone .
 I just started my 14 y.o. kitty on Azodyl 2x a day . It has great reviews , so I figure it is worth the try . I was worried about it being a capsule , because my kitty wo n't take them and makes herself sick when we try to force one on her . The pill pockets work , but get expensive and she chews the capsule open and loses some of the powder when given in one . I contacted the maker of Azodyl and asked if it can be taken out of the capsule and given with food and below is the -LRB- cut and pasted -RRB- answer I received.It is okay to open the capsule but when you do it needs to be given in only oneteaspoon of food and then wait one hour before giving the rest if the food . We wantit to get out of the stomach as quickly as possible and if you put in a large amountof food it will sit in the stomach for 2 hours or more getting digested . It needs tobe in the intestines to do its job . So only a small amount of food . I hope thishelps.Dr Nancy S TaylorTech ServicesVetoquinol USAI purchased my Azodyl from Entirely pets and it was the cheapest I found . It arrived in a insulated envelope with several cold packs around it . The Azodyl was still very cold and I was satified that it was sent properly . I think in the middle of summer I will pay the extra for expedited shipping to ensure it stays viable.I will update my review after my kitty has been on Azodyl for a month an let you know how it is effecting her . Best Wishes !
 My 17 year old cat was diagnosed one year ago with CRF . The vet recommended asodyl 3 months ago 2x day . I ca n't give her the whole pill , it 's huge for a cat . So I called the manufacturer and they said it 's still effective -LRB- but less -RRB- to open the caps and give the powder . Well I started doing that -LRB- on sort of a regular basis at first -RRB- . It 's 3 months later and I can see how she has improved 100 % . She used to lay around sleeping 18hrs a day only getting up to eat and use the litterbox , had a real grumpy attitude all the time , lost weight -- big problem in CRF cats . Now she 's awake more , gained weight , has returned to going outside and I even caught her roaming the neighborhood like she used to ! Her coat used to be dull , full of dander , always dirty and had a real big shedding problem . Now her coat has returned to a beautiful shiney black , is clean and soft , her eyes are bright . It 's just so wonderful !! I 'm going to give all my cats this supplement to protect against CRF . I only wish the vet recommended it earlier .
 I am glad I found this product here at Amazon!I could not afford keeping my 21 year old cat with kidney failure healthy without this product ! And could not afford from the Vet ... and petmeds was not much better and upon second order ... wanted 20 $ for shipping !! I recommend anyone needing Vet medication check Amazon FIRST !! Me and my cat are very satisfied !! re-ordering NOW !!
 My 15 year old Persian cat was diagnosed with kidney disease in September . I tried him on multiple prescription diets and various pills . My vet and I were both surprised at how quickly he was going down-hill . My vet did some research and found out about Azodyl . I had actually decided at that point that I did n't want to try any more medications because he had some bad side effects from a few others that we had tried ; I decided it was most humane to keep him happy and content for as long as I could , but not to try anymore treatment options . I did some research myself and actually read some reviews on this site and decided to give Azodyl a try , against my original judgement . My vet said it would take 2-4 weeks until I saw improvement but I honestly saw immediate improvement , within only a few days ! My cat has n't thrown up in 2 weeks and he was throwing up atleast once a day . He has gotten very vocal and wants to play constantly . He is due for his monthly check-up this week but my vet pushed the appointment back another 2 weeks to give the Azodyl a little longer to get into his system before we re-check his bloodwork and weight . His personality has certainly improved and I really hope physically he has improved too . Either way , Azodyl has been great . I know he wo n't live forever but I 'm glad he is acting even happier than before . If you 're considering trying this drug , I think you should definately do it . -LRB- and order it online because it 's almost 1/2 the cost than the vet charges ! -RRB-
 It works very well and is a life saver for my 19 year old Dachshund , Buster Brown . He was diagnosed 1 year ago with renal failure . He was on his last legs and the Vet said to try this and it worked almost immediately . Within 3 days he was eating again and his bloody stools stopped and was once again producing normal bowel movement.If it were not for Azodyl he would be most definitely dead by now . This is the best OTC product ever made . It has given me hope that he will reach his 20th birthday next February . It is like dialysis in a capsule . Not only is he surviving , but he is thriving and is once again giving our 2 year old Dachshund , Nigel a run for his money , and has become almost as feisty as ever . It is hard to believe his rapid recovery after seeing him almost like a limp noodle in my hands . It has been over a month now and he still is showing signs of further improvement.I also give him Solid Gold Sea Meal which has some of the benefits of this medicine as it helps with proper digestion.Azodyl , 60 CapsulesBut the Azodyl has made the difference and I am now a believer in this miracle of science . Azodyl , Dialysis in a bottle !
 I waited to review this product until I got back the results from my cats latest blood work . 6 months ago my cat -LRB- 12 yrs old -RRB- was diagnosed with early Stage 1 CRF , he was placed on royal cainne reduced protein . Two months ago he went back in for blood work and was now at early stage 3 CRF . He was then placed on Azodyl 3 pills twice a day and just went back in for blood work he now has normal blood work the vet will continue to monitor him for the remainder of his life . Azodyl is a miracle drug I highly recommend it .
 In 1996 , my 16-year-old Himi L.B. had already had CRF for over a year , his kidney had shrunk , and his prognosis was grim . But , my veterinarian prescribed Azodyl , which was new to him , saying that test results were good . He also prescribed a companion supplement -LRB- I do n't remember what it was -RRB- . We took before-Azodyl blood tests . Then I administered Azodyl and the supplement . His next blood test about 3 months later showed significantly reduced levels of toxins . Because of the kidney shrinkage before we started treatment , I did n't have illusions about saving him , but between Azodyl , then sub-Q fluid treatments the last 6 months , he lived a very comfortable and frisky additional 18 months . I just wish that we known about Azodyl earlier . It really does reduce those toxins .
 Our cat has early stage renal failure . We have been giving her Azodyl for almost a year and she has done very well . Her vet was amazed at how good she looked since her last annual physical . She is playful , happy , eats well , has retained her weight and is generally doing very well for a 15 year old cat .
 Have bought same product from this site before & always go back to it . 50 % cheaper than the vet , arrives properly packed & promptly . Excellent service .
 I was skeptical when I first ordered Axzodyl from Amazon . I wanted to save money because my cat will need this product for the rest of her life . It is much less expensive when I order it from Amazon . I worried about the fact that it had to be kept refrigerated.This product is supposed to prolong a cat 's life if they are in renal failure . My cat seems to be doing well.Well , first of all , it arrived in 4 days from the day I ordered it . It was packed in an insulated beg and had two entirely frozen ice packs inside.I am very happy with the price and the service !
 Amazingly fast delivery ! I ordered on Monday and received the order on Tuesday . The ice packs were still frozen !
 I just want everyone to know what a wonderful product Azodyl is . In January , 2010 , my 13 year old American Eskimo mix was diagnosed with stage 3 renal failure . Her BUN was 44 , and her creatinine was 2.2 . My vet recommended a change in diet -LRB- Hill 's Science Diet KD -RRB- and also trying Azodyl . I ordered it immediately through Amazon . Two days later I received the package . The pills were surrounded by ice packs , so they were cold . I 've been giving her 2 pills every morning and 1 pill every evening since it arrived . Her kidney levels were just checked again yesterday and my vet called me today with `` great news '' . Her BUN had gone down to 10 and creatinine is now 1.2 . She has gone from stage 3 to stage 1 in just 3 months !! Also , she has had high liver levels for the last few years , and those have also gone down . I really hope that everyone that has a dog with renal failure takes the opportunity to try this `` miracle '' product . Thank you Vetoquinol and Amazon !
 I have been giving Azodyl to my cat for over a year now . The capsules are much too big to `` pill '' her , so I was opening the capsules and sprinkling the ocntents in her food . According to the manufacturer 's website , this is okay , but not preferred . The problem with this approach is that the food is not always eaten immediately . I saw another post from someone who reported giving the whole capsule using a Pill Pocket and I decided to give it a try . I was amazed when she ate the whole thing ! She does n't gulp it down and swallow it whole ... she chomps on it and I can hear it crunching . Because she does n't spit it out or act like it tastes bad , the Azodyl must not have an obnoxious flavor . Since using this method to ensure she is getting all the contents and ingesting it all at once , her Creatinine level has dropped into normal range . I am convinced it 's due to the Azodyl and giving it to her properly . If you want to try the Pill Pockets , I would recommend using the ones made for dogs -LRB- much cheaper than the cat formula and basically the same product -RRB- . To begin with , break off a couple small pieces of the Pill Pocket and mold into a little nugget shape . Let your cat -LRB- or dog -RRB- eat it without putting anything inside . If your pet likes the taste , then graduate to putting the capsule inside . For my cat , I use only as much as it takes to mostly cover the capsule with a very thin layer of Pill Pocket .
 My cat is 12 years old . 2 1/2 years ago he was diagnosed as diabetic . a year later he started showing signs of CRF . For about 6 months he was getting insulin for his diabetes , a potassium binder and subcutaneous fluids . While this was helping his numbers were not getting back to the `` normal '' ranges . About a year ago we started him on Azodyl . Within a few months all of his Kidney levels improved to what our vet considers `` normal '' levels . He 's now healthier happier and in better shape then he 's been in 3 years . This pill has done wonders for him.The vet 's price of almost $ 60 a bottle was killing us getting it from EntirelyPets -LRB- the amazon supplier -RRB- is giving us an almost 50 % reduction in price including 2 day shipping .
 Excellent product and came shipped overnight packed in dry ice as required . Excellent product for anyone who has a cat with kidney disease.Good savings on 2 bottles , as one bottle at the vet cost almost as much.Thank you .
 My dog will need to be on Azodyl for the remainder of her life . At a cost of $ 57.00 per bottle from my vet , it would n't be long before I would need to make a choice about whether I could afford to continue this medication . I was able to obtain this same medication for half the cost . Also , this medication must be kept in the fridge , so it was packed with ice packs to keep cool . I am most appreciative of the fast delivery , excellent packaging and affordability !
 This item came a few days later than expected but no big deal . They did come packed with cold packs which was very nice as this item should be refridgerated so they were still cool when they arrived . I would buy from this seller again without hesitation . Also , this seller had the best price for this item after an exhaustive search on the internet .
 Azodyl Caps 60ctOur vet recommended that we pull the azodyl capsules apart and add the azodyl powder to a couple of milliliters of water , insert it into a syringe -LRB- without the needle , these can be picked up from any pharmacy -RRB- . Pick the cat up by the scruff of the neck or have the cat secure his claws into the front of your shirt , then gently administer the liquid into the back of the throat so as not to scar the inside of the animals mouth .
 I will continue to use this product on a daily basis on the advice of my vet . I will be getting new blood tests for my cat in the next couple of weeks , and they will determine if this product has actually helped . There have been no bad side effects . On my second order I noticed that the pill is offered in a smaller capsule . I have ordered those and am looking forward to the &#34; pilling &#34; of my cat becoming easier .
 I just wanted to comment on the cat owner who gives her cat Azydol after eating to ensure there is saliva to aid in swallowing . My vet stressed that I should keep Azydol refrigerated and administer first thing in am on an empty stomach , not after any food .
 Our cat has kidney problems and this medicine keeps him feeling fine . It 's like a probiotoc that helps the kidneys function and as long as he takes one every day , he seems to have no health problems at all ! I truly believe this is a miracle for pets with kidney disease .
 this product has helped my cats with kidney faliure very much , i have prayed for good blood works and it has happened , i do n't think any cat with kidney problems should go with out it . .
 I 've found this product on other websites as a lot more money . The price here is good , the product is the same and it is shipped with cold packs to keep it at the right temperature . I 'm glad to have found it here cheaper , and from what I 've heard this product helps cats with CRF , so I 'm hoping that it works .
 This is the third time I have purchased from this company . I highly recommend them . The shipping is super fast , and reliable . The Azodyl comes in a freezer bag which is packed with at least 3 ice packs to keep it cold.The shipping and handling is very reasonable , also . I can save money purchasing this medication here instead of going through my vet .
 My Pug is 8 years old and recently started having issues with a lot of pain . It turned out to be her kidneys . The vet reccommended I start using the Azodyl along with a change in diet and thought it would help if not eliminate her pain . She 's been on it for about 3 months and she is a different dog!The product does exactly what the vet thought it would and my dog is pain free . The delivery was quick and the meds came in the proper wrapping to keep it cool . I am pleased with all aspects of my purchase and will not hesitate to order from them again .
 My 10 year old kitty was just DX with renal failure . After the shock wore off I did some research and found Azodyl . I asked my vet about it and she never heard of it , but said that it was a probiotic and I could try it and have nothing to lose . I ordered it from Amazon and it was shipped cold.These capsules are like torpedos . Very hard to get in a cat , BUT , I did with a pill pocket . The problem is that my cat got horrible diarrhea from it . I was so upset . I call the manufacturer and the vet said via email that the side effects are rare but vomiting and diarrhea have been reported in a few cases . She said the diarrhea is n't from the probiotic itself , but from the capsule rolling around in the cat 's stomach . She said that while they would like the pill to be eaten whole , it CAN be opened and fed with no more than 1 teaspoon of food and then no more food for one hour . This will ensure that the supplement gets to the intestines where it can do it 's job.I have n't been back to the vet yet for repeat blood tests , so I can not comment on how well this product works just yet . I gave it 5 stars because I had to fill in something .
 Great product , but I wish they would pack it in the styrofoam box like other suppliers do . This product HAS to stay cold or it is innefective .
 I am very happy with my transaction , but the fact that Azodyl is supposed to be kept at 4 degrees is not so practical . Might loose effectiveness during shipment and probably has to be ordered overnight . I have not seen any warnings about that and received the product already warmed up , despite being shipped on blue ice .
 When our 15 year old dog was diagnosed with kidney disease , our vet recommended that he take both Azodyl and Epakatin , both manufactured by Vetoquinol . Their website states `` Studies show that Azodyl administered orally on a daily basis has the potential to decrease BUN levels and prolong survival in renal insufficiency . '' Caring for a pet with kidney disease can be exhausting and it was miserable trying to get him to swallow these pills each day . The manufacturer states that they can not be crushed but must be swallowed whole . Sometimes he 'd vomit up the pills . There were several times when I questioned whether it was worth it to try to keep him on this supplement , especially since he did not seem to be improving and we had no idea if it was working.Even though our dog refused to change his diet and wo n't touch anything unless it 's 100 % meat , after 5 weeks of being on Azodyl , his BUN still dropped from 160 to 107 . He 's clearly feeling better . This product works ! If you are questioning whether it 's worth the hassle paying for overnight delivery with ice packs , keeping them refrigerated and getting your pet to swallow them , the answer is YES.This product also comes in a 90 capsule container . The capsules contain the same amount of active ingredient as those in the 60 capsule container , but they 're smaller and easier for your pet to swallow . You 'll give the same number of capsules whether you purchase the 60 or 90 count . Definitely go with the 90 capsule containerAzodyl - 90 Count
 This new medicine was prescribed by my dog 's Veterinarian to help her renal functions . Up to now , her labs are showing great improvement . If your dog is showing problems with the kidneys , you should ask your Vet for this medicine . CAUTION
 Without this product , my 13 1/2 year old Dalmatian -LRB- Airelle -RRB- would probably be dead.She is renal failure from the Dog Food Recall problems of a year and a half ago . She lost her sister -LRB- Darion -RRB- but with this product , it seems to be keeping her going right now . Her greatin and Bun levels are within tolerable range now . Thanks for Azodyl . I am giving in conjunction with Epakitin .
 The company is amazing . We received our order on the second day , with Ice packs to keep it cool . The product is great . Our dog is thriving again . Kidney disease in animals is hard b/c usually 70 % of the kidneys are gone by the time you find out . We have a 3 yrs old who unfortunately got sick . This product brought her back to life . Thank Youl
 My yellow lab is 12 1/2 , and was diagnosed with kidney failure in October 2007 . It is now almost March 2008 , and she is doing so great ! We are treating her with other meds as well , but I could see the difference in her when we ran out of this product for over a week ! For an old lady , she sure seems to be responding to SOMETHING , and Azodyl seems to be one of them !
 My 15 year old kitty was diagnosed with CRF back in February . It is November and she recently had to have a tumor removed from her face just a few weeks ago . The vet did blood work to see what kind of shape her body was in and was absolutely amazed at the results . He said that her numbers were ALL normal ! The only thing I have done different is give her Azodyl twice a day ! Most places only ship next day but since we are in cold weather season any shipping should be fine . The company says that it can be left unrefrigerated for up to a certain amount of time but I forget what it is so I wo n't even guesstimate . Your best bet is to just call the company and they will tell you . This supplement is definitely worth a shot !
 Azodyl was recommended by my vet . This product has really done wonders for my cat . He 's much more active and pestier than ever . I 'm going to start his brother , Maverick , on it after his next vet visit if the vet approves . I agree with the complaint of others that the packages have arrived warm .
 Azodyl has given us a second chance . Our dog is in the late stages of kidney disease -LRB- multiple enlarged cysts -RRB- and advanced heart failure . She is on many medications - Pimobendan , Enalapril , Furosemide ... but Azodyl is the one that helped my dog and changed her energy levels , appetite , playfulness , and happiness overnight . Yes , overnight ! Prior to starting , we have had scary days of Azotemia , Arrhythmias , as well constant vommitting and diarrhea , but our pup has responded very well to Azodyl . Everyone in our family saw it - she 's very happy , running around , bouncy and full of joy . We think Azodyl along with a homemade diet -LRB- fresh meats , veggies , potatoes -RRB- and pepcid AC -LRB- twice a day -RRB- has given our dog true quality to her life again . I do feel that for most pups , a homemade and fresh food diet is the one missing link in all of these reviews . Consult with your pup 's internal med specialist or cardiologist because treating and managing kidney stages is best done by a specialist . Most organ illnesses should be treated by an IMS.Know the symptoms of kidney problems before they become too late to treat . Your pet should be seed by a IMS at the first sign of anything out of the ordinary . For us , it started with our pup wanting to lay on the cold tile instea dof snuggling with us , then came Hind leg weakness , increased thirst , increased urination , loss of energy , vommitting , diarrhea , etc. . Now , we have a happy , symptom free pup on Azodyl . Nothing is forever , but if this means more quality time together , then that 's all we could ask for . Every pet experiences disease differently . Dont wait until it 's too late ... this disease can be managed for years with proper diet and meds . Please google `` dogaware kidney disease '' to be the best pet owner you can be ! : -RRB- These capsules have LIVE probiotics - must be sold from a reputable company , must have been shipped and stored correctly , should be REFRIGERATED . Your pet must consume these capsules WHOLE - enteric coating means it should absorb in the intestines to be most effective . Should be consumed on empty stomach or with a very small amount of food . We usually give it about 40 mins or so before a meal . Good luck !!!! Remember what I said about fresh foods , diet , and seeing a specialist !!!!!
 good price . much better than at the vet and one of lowest online . got the medicine righ away
 I have not yet ordered this product on-line but am seriouisly considering it as my vet 's office -LRB- and other sources in my area -RRB- have told me that Azodyl is on backorder . The product online is slightly cheaper than what I pay at my vet 's office , but from there I trust that the product has been kept cold until I pick it up . I 've purchased it at my dog 's internal specialist 's office but the price there came to well over $ 60 ! My 5 yr old Mini Schnauzer was diagnosed with kidney failure about 5 months ago , have been told that average life is 1 yr , but I 'm trying to prove that average wrong . He 's holding his own , with Azodyl and the other meds he 's on , his results have gotten better and he 's stable . He 's on 3 Azodyl tabs/day -LRB- 2 in am , 1 in pm -RRB- , 1/4 low dose aspirin once/day , 1/2 tab 10 mg pepcid twice/day , an ace blocker called Fortekor once/day , an omega fatty acid capsule once/day , 2 canine vitamins a day , 1/2 tab Rubenal twice/day , and the phosophorus binder I use is aluminum hydroxide tabs that I have compounded into a suspension formula with artificial beef flavouring . The tabs are terrible tasting and he would n't eat them , no matter how I tried to hide them .
 This product works great ! My 16 year old cat has CRF and diabetes . It 's difficult and expensive to treat both . This price for this product helps me keep the costs lower ! Her kidney numbers improved lots after being on this product a short time . I open the pill and stir it into a teaspoon of food , which she gobbles up like there is no tomorrow ! She thinks it 's a real treat!A word of caution
 Since beginning to take Azodyl , my 16-year-old toy poodle 's blood tests have greatly improved . Of course , I ca n't tell exactly how much of the improvement is due to Azodyl , and how much is due to the two other medications he 's taking -LRB- enalapril and furosemide -RRB- . However , the vet recommended this , the pup seems healthy and happy , and I 'm satisfied .
 1/2 the price of the vet . Delivery was fast and I recommend the seller . Our 19 year old cat seems to be hanging in there with this medicine
 Two months after rescuing a Doberman female from the abuse of a puppy mill existence she was diagnosed with renal failure . As a homeopath , I was already treating her for a weakened bladder when we got the news . Immediately I began looking for nutrients to help her . I fully understand the value of probiotics and Azodyl made perfect sense . There was a noticeable elevation in her joy of life as the toxin levels were reduced . We would n't be without it !!!
 My cat suffered kidney failure thanks to stupid Metacam -LRB- do n't ever let your vet put your cat on this stuff !! -RRB- . He declined rapidly on it , within less than a week he was no longer moving much and not eating at all . The damage was so great that even daily sub-Q fluids alone could not stabilize his kidney function . Eventually -LRB- and just in time -RRB- , I found that doing a combination of Azodyl twice/day and daily sub-Q fluids did the trick and his kidney function has greatly improved . In my situation , it did n't `` cure '' kidney failure . But given how old my cat is and the extent of damage he suffered , it certainly helped buy him an extra year of life now and still going strong ! He 's behaving like his normal self again , but the regiment needs to be continued for him to maintain this level of functionality . I 'd say this is some pretty darn good stuff !
 I open the capsule and mix a small amount of the juice from the canned food in with the powder . She licks this up and then I add more food . It seems to be working and I give it to her twice a day .
 This product was recommended by the doctor for my cat . If this great doctor recommended it , it has to work . Nevertheless , my cat died ... through no fault of this medicine .
 OUR 16 YEAR OLD WAS STARTING TO DECLINE QUICKLY . HER APPETITE WAS WEAK , COAT UNHEALTHY AND LOTS OF LITTERBOX ACTIVITY . INTERESTINGLY , HER BUN AND CREATININE WERE JUST OUTSIDE OF THE NORMAL RANGE . AFTER A WEEK ON THIS PRODUCT , HER APPETITE WAS RESTORED , LITTERBOX ACTIVITY NORMALIZED AND HER COAT HAD THE LUSTER OF A KITTEN ! I WAS ABSOLUTELY BLOWN AWAY . SHE IS ALSO FAR MORE PLAYFUL AND ENGAGED/CURIOUS . IT IS WONDERFUL TO SEE HER BEHAVE MORE LIKE HERSELF AGAIN . IF YOU DECIDE TO BUY THIS PRODUCT PLEASE GET THE SMALL CAPS . THEY ARE VERY EASY FOR THE CAT TO SWALLOW .
 We 've been giving this product to our oldest cat , Spooky , for several months now and it does seem to be helping him .
 The vender was very careful in packaging my item Azodyl for my dog . My item arrived in a very timely fashion & the cost of this item was reasonable as well .
 my cat is 18 years 8 month young . I have used this product 2x per day 1 capsule for 2.5 years now to keep her bun count down ... it works very well together with chinese herb regime.it is not a cure but an give a pet a very healthy longer lifespan.the capsule is large ... I give it to my cat orally ... I had also open the capsule and mixed it with water and tried to give it to her via seringe ... -LRB- it works for some cats very well -RRB- not for mine . . I think its a very good alternative product .
 I was so impressed with not only the cost of the Azodyl but the timeliness of the delivery of the product to me on Kauai . I have two elderly pets that are both on Azodyl every day , so it gets pretty costly every month . But Entirely Pets was able to get it to me for a low cost so I will definitely use them again !
 Azodyl seems to help our cats appetite . We received this product very warm , so obviously we had to return it . Entirely Pets customer service rep. was very receptive/helpful . They paid return shipping & promptly shipped out another bottle which arrived room temp/ice pack completely melted in less than 24 hours . I think Ent . Pets needs to change packaging material . Normally we receive this product from other companies in a small cardboard box , not an envelope . Same price range . This product seems to be helping our 20 year old cat Ms. Chanel deal w/Leukemia . Before Azodyl she lost a lot of weight . We have been giving her Azodyl for about 1 year now and it appears to be keeping her weight on . She ca n't swallow the pill so we apply on top of about a tablespoon of food . She does n't mind the taste . When she wo n't eat her prescription kitty food , we feed her baked pork-chops and chicken w/no seasoning to bring back her appetite for num-nums . Sometimes when we ca n't get her to eat anything at all , we feed her prescription canned dog food gastrointestinal Hills Diet from the vet . I know it sounds strange , but she loves it & we figure better than nothing . She is still very active & cries for food nonstop until we give her something that agrees w/her tummy . We also give her Vetri-DMG liquid along with Pet-Tinic once daily . We love our Ms.Chanel , after all she is our family 's official head warmer : -RRB-
 All the reviews are right , this stuff really works . My dog 's appetite has greatly improved , as has his energy and kidney values . Highly recommended .
 After my 16yr . old cat was diagnosed with kidney failure the vet recommended this medication among other things to help her along in her final months . I did n't have any expectations and was skeptical it would work since the package arrived in a heat wave so the medicine was not kept cold as it should be , despite their inclusion of a couple ice packs . I pulled out the pill gun and gave my cat her first dose that evening , and the next morning I awoke to a much brighter cat , it was pretty amazing . She gets two pills per day and is much more alert and into what is going on , and does n't seem to be sitting there in pain or not feeling well as often . It has n't helped get her to eat more , or have any noticeable effect on her actual kidney function , but I 'm sold on it since it really made a contrast in her condition within about 12hrs . I would recommend trying it if you have a pet in kidney failure , being able to order online made it a pretty reasonable price and easy option to try .
 I just called Vetoquinal and talked to Charlie P . He said that Azodyl can be out of refrigeration for up to 14 days and still be effective . I did buy from EntirelyPets.com and it was packed with ice packs but were melted by the time I received it . It was sent Priority Mail , however.Carole K.
 After my beloved cat was diagnosed with kidney disease , I was devastated . I wished I 'd gotten the diagnosis instead of her.The only thing that made me feel hopeful were the reviews for Azodyl and Epakitin that I read online . I now hope to add my voice to those who credit these supplements with prolonging and improving their cats ' and dogs ' lives . I hope I my story might also give comfort to others who are now dealing with the heartbreaking news of kidney disease.Because my cat will not eat the prescription cat foods , I used a dry matter analysis guide to select foods that are low in phosphorus and sodium but high in protein digestibility -LRB- means that they do n't produce a lot of waste products so there 's less strain on the damaged kidneys . Egg white is the most digestible for cats , then poultry , fish and meat , and then meat by-products . Wheat and corn are lowest in digestibility for cats - so you want to avoid a lot of corn or wheat in the food . -RRB- My vet agrees with new studies that say that high digestibility is more important than low protein because it 's ultimately about waste . Link
 I wrote a review on Azodyl but recently came across another product which I found was more successful than Azodyl
 My vet prescribed Azodyl for my cat and I thought I 'd never be able to give her the capsules . He suggested `` Pill Pockets '' and they have been a life saver . My cat LOVES them and she thinks her medication is a treat . They were probably designed for smaller pills , but they can be `` squished '' around the capsules . You can buy them on Amazon .
 Purchasing three at a time will definitely save you money . My yorkie was on this for almost two year and the Azodyl really kept his kidney levels down . He did finally at the age of almost sixteen years cross over the Rainbow Bridge after two years of being diagnosed with polycystic kidney disease , but if I had another cat or dog with kidney problems , I would not hesitate using this miracle product . This supplement is not a hoax - it really works ! Be sure to purchase from your vet or reputable seller - needs temperature control - to provide your pet with the best quality care .
 This is an excellent product . When my older cat was first put on Azodyl , his kidney values -LRB- BUN and creatinine -RRB- were above normal . At his last check , after taking three Azodyl caps per day for about six months , they were in the normal range.These are large for a cat to swallow , but my cat will take them in salmon flavored Greenies Pill Pockets which have been rolled in powdered Whisker Lickin 's Tender Moments , salmon flavor . When he des n't feel like taking that , I open the capsule and mix the Azodyl with about 1/2 to 1 teaspoon of his food . -LRB- Even the manufacturer agrees that it is all right to open the caps and put it in food , if you increase the dose . -RRB- Unlike his other meds , he actually loves the taste of Azodyl.I 've bought all mine from Medi-Vet through amazon.com ; they have the lowest price anywhere -LRB- under $ 40 including shipping -RRB- , and the Azodyl always arrives within a day and a half of shipping , cold even in hot weather because they ship it in a large box with two cold packs and an insulated , metallic liner . I do n't have it left in my mailbox during warm weather , but the Post Office refrigerates it and I pick it up . Since this keeps for a limited time , I buy one bottle at a time.I hope this review helps others and their pets .
 I am so grateful for this product to assist kidney function in my aging feline companion . Six years ago I lost 2 labradors to renal failure , and there was n't this option available for them . My cat has been taking azodyl for five months since her diagnosis and still has a good appetite and good energy for a 15 year old cat . By buying it online I can save $ 15/month over buying it from my vet . I have learned that many vets do n't even know about this product yet .
 My cat was diagnosed with kidney failure . The routine the vet prescribed was not working as well as I had hoped and he became very thin . I researched and found Azodyl highly recommended . The Azodyl helped him digest his food so he vomited less often . With fluid administration , special food , pepcid AC , and a phosphorus blocker he is still alive one year later . What 's nice is that you do not have to have a precription to order it online .
 This product is amazing . My 14 year old dog was showing signs of slight kidney failure when I started this product a year ago . She is almost 15 and still running and jumping around -LRB- literally -RRB- and her kidneys have ` maintained ' . This product has given my dog a longer life . I highly recommend it .
 My little ShihTzu takes this for bladder control and Azodyl has made his `` senior years '' much easier for us and him . What a miracle this stuff is .
 Our 12 year old Dachshund has chronic kidney failure . The vet suggested that taking Azodyl might help , and he is also on IV fluids every other day . He was diagnosed last year in Oct. and so far he is doing well . His last checkup he actually improved on his kidney function tests which surprised all of us . He is also on a low protein diet , a bit of cottage cheese , fish oil , an herbal kidney function pill , Epakitin , and some glucosomine . We think the Azodyl is helping - even the vet was shocked to find his blood and urine work had improved .
 I ordered this from Cattyvet for my mom 's cat with polycystic kidney disease . It 's supposed to be refrigerated , but it arrived regular mail -LRB- not Priority -RRB- with no dry ice or cold pack . The directions say to refrigerate at 4 degrees Celsius , which is 39 degrees Fahrenheit . So I do n't know if it is still effective now . She has had a problem getting the cat to swallow the capsules twice a day - he hates taking them . The capsules are small , but have to be swallowed whole to work . They ca n't be hidden in food where they might be chewed .
 My Vet recommended Azodyl for my 15year old cat with diabetes and cancer to correct mild renal damage . Her renal function test -LRB- BUN and Creatinine -RRB- improved to normal after one week of treatment !!! She looks and seems to feel healthier . The Vet charges $ 45.50 / bottle . medi-vet via Amazon is offering the best price that I could find : $ 27.80 + $ 6.25 shipping . I orederd two bottles and the shipping was still $ 6.25 . The order was received faster than I had anticipated . I Placed order Wednesday evening and it arrived on ice packs Friday afternoon . The product was still cool ; not cold , but not warm . I will happily with confidance order from this vendor again.-Lori
 We took home our beloved shihpoo at 3 months old and found out at 4 months that he had advanced stage kidney failure . It is a genetic problem as both of his kidneys are covered in cysts . After countless vet visits and phone calls I was recommended `` Azodyl '' by one of the vets at the office as he claimed it could help tremendously with toxins that tend to build up in the bloodstream . When I approached Jedi -LRB- my puppy -RRB- with the pills , I was surprised when he snatched it out of my hand . I started this daily pill regimen in October , 2011 - it 's now August , 2012 and he loves them all the same . I ask him `` do you want your pill ? '' and he gallops over to the kitchen and goes crazy until I give him one . He clearly loves them so I consider myself lucky that he takes them with ease as these pills are pretty big on first glance.This daily pill regimen along with his special diet of KD Renal Health Canned Food and other fruits and veggies has given our pup a great quality of life . Vets have told us over and over again how surprised they are to see that he 's doing so well as his condition is so advanced . So all I can say is - thank you azodyl for giving us more time with the best little guy in the world .
 My 17 year old cat is currently taking Azodyl for his kidney health . I have read the reviews from people that are having a problem giving the capsule to their cats . My cat is 10 pounds . I use a pill popper and it works beautifully . He takes it with no problem . The trick is to do it quickly .
 It has sunflower seeds and those I do not want for my cockatiels as they are high fat and I do n't want fat birds . Otherwise if you want to put weight on your birds , they will eat this stuff . Mine were weaned to pellets but had no problem knowing what to do with this food .
 This shampoo is a great deal with the 7 to 1 mixing of water to shampoo you really get your money 's worth and it works great on my poodles . I put it in a spray bottle and dilute the shampoo . Once the dog 's wet I can spray it on and work it in . It rinses out cleanly and makes grooming those curls easy . Fabulous results .
 I love this shampoo for my dogs and have been using it for years . It leaves them fresh smelling but not overly perfumed , rinses clean , is gentle and safe . It also helps loosen mats . Dilute it as per the label and it will last a long time .
 The Ultra Wash Shampoo and Ultra Plenish Conditioner make a wonderful combination ! I adopted a Maltese puppy that had become a matted nightmare . Combing was too painful . I ordered the three products including the shampoo , conditioner , and spray . I could not believe how easily the knots combed out and how the entire texture of his hair changed from a dry cotton candy-like mess to soft , fine , and silky . He smells wonderful and sort of minty . I 've used the combination about five times now and his coat is growing and looks amazing . Although you can dilute them , I like to use them full strength . He has not had a matt since , but I do comb and brush him daily and mist him down with the spray conditioner . I will continue using these products . Amazon had the best prices , and I 'll order the larger , commercial sized bottles next time .
 I 've used Best Shot Ultra Shampoo andBest Shot Ultra Plenish Conditionerfor the past 6 years on my Standard Poodle . Before I found it , my dog would develop mats in her coat a day or two after a bath . With Best Shot , virtually every one who pets her for the first time marvels , `` She so SOFT ! '' In fact , her fur is so soft that people often think she 's a puppy . I wo n't use any other products on her coat . I 'm ever so grateful for Best Shot , as I bathe her every other week or so ; the scent is mild and slightly minty , very fresh and natural . I do n't even blow dry her hair and still no hair matting . You can not go wrong with this product .
 This is the best shampoo I found for the delicate skin conditions of the retired Greyhounds . They have had no skin reactions .
 My public water is quite alkaline ; pH testing solution shows a dark blue.I use 1/2 teaspoon in 2gal of tap water -LRB- plus water conditioner -RRB- for my 2gal Hex tank.The result is a light blue with maybe a tinge of green appearing . So , it 's close to neutral pH.I am happy with this product and will keep purchasing .
 Walmart quit selling Ph Up and Down for my aquarium . I found it here in a larger bottle . Very satisfied ! Thank you !
 Our little Yorkie Kadee had one of these and `` loved '' it to death - it was great to be able to get her a new one so easily and quickly .
 I have to say that the 2 reviews were right on about the taste and smell of this food for our GPs . I bought this based on price as well - very well priced ! As soon as it arrived I opened the bag and brought it into the room where the GPs are . They came out of their house and sat next to the door to their cage and sniffed . I was very impressed since they always hide when I come around them . Oh , and yes they eat it like turkey on Thanksgiving ! Conclusion
 my guinea pig likes it ALOT . and when i mean alot i mean ALOT . he likes it so much that he eats it EVERYDAY :D i also recommend this to ANYONE that has a guinea pig . when my friend first got his guinea pig he had this food . but then changed his diet to a COLORFUL diet . so i did NOT like it . so i got him back to this one . he LOVES it ALOT : D
 My piggies loved this food . It was a lot cheaper than our walmart and pet stores . It fattened up my piggies and kept my wallet happy .
 The price was very reasonable for the size bag it was . It is a plain guinea pig mix , but it definitely satisfied my guinea pig . Would definitely buy again .
 This item was exactly as described , and was exactly what I needed and wanted . The price was great ! Great Value !
 My piggie Kuma loves it!He is kind of a brand snob , and he absolutely loves Kaytee so I definitely believe this deserves a 5 star .
 My guinea pigs love this . When their bowl is empty they start wheeking loudly to let me know it 's time for more . I just wish the bag was resealable . I usually transfer this to a large ziplock bag .
 This seems to be a good food for your guinea pigs . They like it and it is a good price . I would buy it again .
 Our guinee pig is almost 6 years old and does n't like nor eat the fancier food with the treats included in it . Wal = mart had been the cheapest and only supplier of the plain pellets till recently when they stopped stocking it . Local pet store was charging 1.85 per pound so this is a good buy plus its also a pound larger size then what wal-mart carried .
 my 3 piggies love this stuff ! i bought it because of the price ! its so cheap compared to the ones in petsmart and since i am still a young teen this is really good if you have a tight budget and my guinea pigs have got so fat and cute because of this food ! it shipped really fast to : -RRB- YOU HAVE TO BUY THIS YOU WONT REGRET IT ! thanks to these pellets my piggies are healthy and happy !
 This is a great staple of my cichlids ' diets . They like it and it is priced very reasonably . Only problem I have with ordering over the internet is that the medium pellets are quite large . My fish are 2 years old and the pellets are still too large for a couple of them . I would say for any fish smaller than 4 inches long , the small pellets are the better choice .
 In my 55 gal tank I have a large Oscar , Jack Dempsey and 3 Red Hook Silver Dollars . After a long time of feeding them flakes and clouding the tank -LRB- more than it needs to be -RRB- , I switched to these pellets and have no plans of going back . Even though my Red Hook 's are n't cichlids , they devour these . My Oscar and JD love these pellets and do not like to share . I 've also noticed considerable growth and more depth in color after switching . I like the fact they float and not get wasted . Definitely will try other Hikari pellet foods in the future . This is definitely a quality item !
 He loves it so much that he eats too much and ends up vomiting most of it up again . The packaging is of high quality and the &#34; zip-loc &#34; resealable portion does not break like it has on all my cheap Aqueon and Wardley food packaging . My severums and loaches also love this stuff !
 My cichlids seem to like it . The size is a bit big for the smaller ones , but when they soften up , the little fish can handle them fine .
 I was looking for green food for my oscars because the orange food dies the whole tank orange.My local store does not carry the green pellets , only the orange . I recieved my package very quickly and it solved the orange tank problem . Great product and great seller , I will be ordering from them on a regular basis !
 The description says this product is the large pellets , but the photo is of `` baby pellets '' ? Which is it ? I love the brand but want to make sure I 'm getting the right thing .
 I 've got several cichlids , most of which like the Hikari food , my oscar likes it the most . I 've bought this several times . seems pretty good .
 This is a great staple of my cichlids ' diets . They like it and it is priced very reasonably . Only problem I have with ordering over the internet is that the medium pellets are quite large . My fish are 2 years old and the pellets are still too large for a couple of them . I would say for any fish smaller than 4 inches long , the small pellets are the better choice .
 In my 55 gal tank I have a large Oscar , Jack Dempsey and 3 Red Hook Silver Dollars . After a long time of feeding them flakes and clouding the tank -LRB- more than it needs to be -RRB- , I switched to these pellets and have no plans of going back . Even though my Red Hook 's are n't cichlids , they devour these . My Oscar and JD love these pellets and do not like to share . I 've also noticed considerable growth and more depth in color after switching . I like the fact they float and not get wasted . Definitely will try other Hikari pellet foods in the future . This is definitely a quality item !
 He loves it so much that he eats too much and ends up vomiting most of it up again . The packaging is of high quality and the &#34; zip-loc &#34; resealable portion does not break like it has on all my cheap Aqueon and Wardley food packaging . My severums and loaches also love this stuff !
 My cichlids seem to like it . The size is a bit big for the smaller ones , but when they soften up , the little fish can handle them fine .
 I was looking for green food for my oscars because the orange food dies the whole tank orange.My local store does not carry the green pellets , only the orange . I recieved my package very quickly and it solved the orange tank problem . Great product and great seller , I will be ordering from them on a regular basis !
 The description says this product is the large pellets , but the photo is of `` baby pellets '' ? Which is it ? I love the brand but want to make sure I 'm getting the right thing .
 I 've got several cichlids , most of which like the Hikari food , my oscar likes it the most . I 've bought this several times . seems pretty good .
 This conditioner will leave any dogs coat softer , shinier , releases undercoat , helps remove minor tangles and SMELLS GREAT ! I have been using this product for 10 years as a groomer and bathed hundreds of dogs . I recommend all the Best Shot products . This product has worked better than any of the 15 other popular shampoo 's or conditioners I 've used .
 These are large pellets for large fish and should last a while . My Tiger Oscar told me he loves them .
 Im not sure if my Ram likes it or not hav n't seen it eat it yet . But im sure this is a good product . The ingredents are pure . when i drop some in my tank they float for a long time ; they do n't sink unless you push them against the glass to make them soak water up .
 Definately my oscars favorite food next to live meal worms . `` Tigger '' has been thriving for about six years now thanks to this food.I mix it up with live stuff too.Dosent seem to cloud the water.And the other fish -LRB- Silver Dollars , Red Parrots , Golden Dojo , ect . -RRB- like to get whatever is left .
 We have a Central / South American Cichlid tank and they love these floating pellets . They are quite large , so make sure your fish are big enough . As a point of reference , they are just a bit too big for a full grown Convict . We use Hikari food in our other tanks as well and think it 's a quality product .
 I 've used this food for many years now and can highly recommend it . I use a staple flake and these pellets for the 40 or so cichlids in my 250 gallon tank . This food has worked so well in fact , that not one cichlid has died in the last 3 years ! I give the food -LRB- and the excellent filtration setup -RRB- a lot of credit for this kind of success . OH , and the fish coloring is excellent too . The fish also seem to really enjoy eating it up ! It is a bit over-priced and that 's the reason for 4 star rating .
 I 've used hikari cichlid gold with my severum since I got them . They were roughly quarter sized at that time and now they are approximately an inch thick and probably 7 to 8 inches from mouth to tip of tail . They have thrived , growing nicely and even spawning occasionally . I 've never had trouble with apathetic feeding or water clouding . If you buy I hope you have as much luck as I have had with it and thank you for reading my review .
 trusted brand , the fish hasnt complained yet . i usually mix these with the other hikari pellets like the veggie ones , shrimp pellets & live food for my midas .
 This product is a must if you have an indoor dog . Our little guy uses them a lot . We will continue to order them , the price is great also .
 my puggies enjoy these pads and it 's evident in how they react when we tried the `` store brand '' pads in the past.this product is your best bet . guaranteed to attract any dog.i recommend this brand/item/product to anyone & everyone!we 've been ordering these since 2009 .
 When I was looking for a pad for my newe Bichon frise , these were my first choice and a great pick.She loves it and so do I. Cleanup is very easy , pick up and toss away .
 I started buying these when i was potty training my 2 chihuahua 's . It didnt take long until they were trained on these pads and then I trained them to ring a bell when they had to go outside . But for those emergency situations I always keep a couple of wee wee pads stacked in the same spot close to the door , just in case they just ca n't hold it until I come home .
 It only took a couple days to teach my corgi to use this and only this -LRB- though he does mistake carpet mats for this sometimes ; working on that ... -RRB- . Great product ; it 's super absorbent and it contains the smell of even his poop . Easy to clean and I have n't had any messes underneath the pad on the floor yet .
 I keep re-ordering this product for my dog . I think it 's a great value , considering that the pet store by my house sells a pack of 30 pads for almost 30 bucks ! They serve their purpose and the seller is quick to ship . This has been working for me for the last eight months and I use this in combination with the pee pad locking trays and my dog never misses anymore . Thanks !
 After trying quite a few brands of training pads , this brand is the best regarding leakage . All training pads are not create equal regarding leakage . So far , I have had no leakage with this brand compared to others.There is nothing worse than picking up a pad to find it all wet underneath , even though my 4 pound dog only used it a couple of times . One would think the plastic liner under all training pads would prevent leakage , but that is not the case . I could understand a pad leaking when the dog goes on the edges , but why do some leak no where near the edges ? Is the plastic liner porous and liquid goes through ... I do n't know . What I do know , is this brand is working great for us and will definitely buy them again !
 These pads are very absorbent and attract my puppy to them . She can use one pad multiple times . I had been using a store-bought puppy pad which leaked and had to be disposed of after just one use . These are LARGE , durable , and absorbent ! I will be ordering more !
 I have a five month old chihuahua , she tears up everything , i have her outside during most of the day , and i go out and play with her off and on during the day -LRB- im retired -RRB- and inside in a playpen at night , she rips up all the pads ive tried in the past , she rips these but they dont come apart as easily and one great thing about these pads , they have sticky tabs which helps to keep the pads in place plus keeps her from tearing them apart as bad like she did all the others.Im considering looking into a pee pad holder versus laying the pads over the playpen mattress , she even ripped up the heavy plastic covering i have over the mattress , i trim her nails but she is so claw happy she dug up our outdoor spagetti sprinkler line , even though i buried it -- we have 1 in diameter decorative rock landscaping !!!! , and chewed holes in a half foot length of the tubing sheesh!She is smart , loving , loves to chew anything and everything -- puppies , got ta love um .
 I have been purchasing these puppy pads , from this seller , for at least a year . They are the best ones out there and are quilted and seem to hold in any odors . I have two yorkies who have been trained from the beginning to use the pads and I am so happy that I trained them that way . I used to wash the reuseable pads until it became a real hassle . I tried some of the disposable pads in the big pet stores and they were n't very absorbant and they certainly did not hold in any odor . I tried these and was skeptical at first so I bought one box . I liked them so much that the next time I ordered 2 boxes which is what I do now as routine . Once I am down to one box , I order two more . These are definitely the best pads available and I think you will agree with me if you try them .
 Far superior to the kind you find in the pet store at half the price . Just be careful to keep them right side up .
 These are the Best Pads on the market . I have three yorkies who are litter box trained , Timmy and Jaci , who are five years old and Jersey who is almost one years old . I have used many other brands of puppy pads but Not anymore . They never leak through , or have an odor . I cant praise these pads enough . I love them . They are the BEST.Jewelie HicksNew Jersey
 I have a little yorkie and this is by far the most superior product I 've used for her , since she is an indoor dog . I have found that these are slightly larger than the pad holder I use , which is great , absorbs more than the others I have tried , and there is NO odor after she uses it , which was a problem with the other ones I had used . One will last an entire day , as sometimes with the other ones I had to change it 2-3 times a day . Like others who have tried this product , I will not go back to using any other product . This is far superior to the brand I was using and I would highly recommend it .
 These are the best training pads I 've found . If your dog scratches , these do not shred because they are one thin sheet , but they still have excellent absorption . I would never use another brand .
 Does it 's job . Draws the dog to it naturally . Other puppy pad brands leak some sort of absorbant powder when you cut them . but these allow you to cut them to any shape .
 I tried every training pad sold in pet stores throughout four states over several years I was checking the usual brands prices on Amazon and saw Gridlock . After reading the reviews I gave them a try . Night and day ! These WORK !!! No puddle on the floor , reduced odor , etc. . They are everything they claim to be . Highly recommend , they will improve the quality of you and your child 's ... um dogs life .
 The pads work just fine and their price is good but it is misleading to say they are 24x 24 when the pad part itself is not that size it is the plastic behind that is 24x 24 .
 I discovered these pads a couple of months ago , and it 's the end of a years-long absorbency quest -LRB- yes , I need to get a life -RRB- . I have two toy poodles who are primarily paper-trained -LRB- actually , indoor-outdoor -RRB- ; they indulge in competitive peeing , so the papers get a real workout . Contrary to another reviewer 's experience , I found the Four Paws brand frustratingly under-absorbent ; they also had too many defects , with the padding unevenly distributed and occasionally absent in some areas . For a while I thought I 'd found a solution with the Advance pads - more expensive but more absorbent - and then the manufacturer `` improved '' them and my floors were soaked . Forget about any of the cheapo brands ; they 're like using cut-rate paper towels instead of Bounty . Gridlocks are by far the best product out there - much more absorbent than even Advance at its best . Buy them and your puppies will be free to pee without fear of embarrassing run-off !
 I have never used better puppy pads ! They are the best priced puppy pads I 've ever seen as well ... and when you have 3 puppies you need puppy pads constantly !
 these are the only pads I 'll use for my dog . She has been potty-trained on these pads from the time she was a puppy . `` Skittles '' , my shih-tzu loves these pads and has been using them for going on 6 yrs . LOVE THIS PRODUCT !!!
 Used it for a puppy I babysat from time to time . It suited its intended purpose . It was a good quality product that I would purchase again .
 These pads are pretty good . Thicker than most and absorb better , but they still will track somewhat , but not nearly as much as other brands I 've tried . They hold alot of urine without standing puddles too . I would reorder these pads anyday .
 I have 4 chihuahuas . Puppies refuse to go outside in the wet or cold , which it has been for months . Pads do the job , quilting locks in the wet .
 I have 2 chis and they do their business ALOT but these pads are very good.at first they dont seem really thick but they are very absorbant and well made.they stay in place a bit better than my old brand i believe mostly due to fact that they are heavier . i 'm not sure what is in these pads but they do have a heaftier feel than my previous pads and they are `` quilted '' . there is a sort of pattern which locks the inside absorbing material in place keeping it from having any bare spots or shifting as some pads do.I am sold these are the best pads I 've found thus far.I am not sure about large dogs but they are perfect for my 2 smaller dogs .
 We 've used this product for our two Yorkies and it is very good . Abosrbent and strong . We 've tried cheaper brands and their irregular shape and quality was not as good as Gridlock .
 Great quality and my dogs use them - so with this frigid cold winter - they are a lifesaver and a pawsaver !
 Have tried various brands of ` puppy pads ' , but these surpass them all . We put down a pad at night for our standard poodle . The heavy plastic backing prevents leaking through , and makes cleanup so easy ! They stay in place , are super absorbant . Would recommend these for both young and older pets .
 Very good pads for the price . Does n't leak . The only downside is that it does n't mask the smell very well . Other than that one con , these pads are very worth the price that is being asked .
 Strong , absorbent , puppies actually pee on this pad as opposed to other ones I 've tried . My dog has become a snob and will not use anything else .
 When first switching from a cheap `` first purchase '' pad for my baby puppy , I found I liked these pads better but she would shred them . I finally realized that it was because they were different and thicker than the first pads we used . Now at 6 months old , she 's fully switched to these pads and they are awesome . She no longer shreds them and the accidents she has on them while crated are not noticed by a urine smell like other brands . They are wonderful . I would recommend them to anyone especially when first training a puppy . I am now purchasing my second box to be used when she 's crated during the day in case of accidents . I love these . Worth the price .
 These pads are great ! We have two , totally indoor potty-trained adult dogs . A 4 lb . Chihuahua and a 13 lb . Pekingese/Chihuahua mix . We 've tried many other brands , but have never found anything that works as well as these do . Plastic-backed pads , do act as a barrier between the pad and the floor , but a lot of the time the liquid just rolls off or leaks underneath . These pads have a woven fiber packing that actually locks the moisture in . These pads are a must for puppy training -LRB- especially larger breeds -RRB- , indoor dogs and incontinent adult dogs . You wo n't be sorry !
 I have an 11 year old pom who has always used a litter box set up . As he gets older , he tends to go more often during the day so we go through alot of wee wee pads . After trying several different brands , I find that the Grid-lock pads are a great value . Granted , they are not as thick as some pads , but the backing has been leakproof and the pad does absorb a good amount of liquid . Not sure it would work for a bigger dog , but for my little guy , these are just perfect .
 I have 4 toy dogs , 3 of who are aging and can not always go outside . Two them then are heavy water drinkers , and thus heavy piddlers . I put these pads in one of those plastic trays that are meant to go under a washing machine . I use two pad in the tray . Since these pads hold water so well I often just cut out that spot and lay a quarter of another pad over the hole . When I have a few ` partial ' pieces of pads I lay down a full new pad and place those partial pieces on top of it . Often those partial pieces catch a new pee so I do n't have to cut a new hole in the new pad , and by doing this it allows me to get full use out of the pads . Since I have 4 dogs using these pads I go through a lot of pads , and if I did n't use these partial pieces I would really go through a lot of pads.I tried thinner pads so I would n't have to cut pieces out , but they often got flooded and leaked all over the tray , and when I went to remove them would have to be careful they did n't leak when trasporting them to the diaper pail . Also , once those cheaper and thinner pads got flooded the dogs would go on my floor instead of in the tray on the soaked pads . I have not had that problem since I started buying these super absorbant Grid-Lock pads . They now consistently use the tray since these pads catch and hold the urine so well .
 These pads are super . Work better than any of the other brands I have tried . We have three small dogs and sometimes they ca n't make it to the outside in time . These pads hold moisture well and help contain odors . Five paws up !!
 The Gridlock Puppy Training wee wee pads are the absolute BEST I have every tried . And I have purchased many different brands which advertise on the package to be `` super absorbent '' ... wrong !!! Until I tried this product I was always picking up `` mushy , dripping '' pads which would actally start falling apart in my hands . This Gridlock brand is the thinnest and most absorbent pad you can imagine . It 's hard to believe when you open the pad to place in the pee pad holder that such a thin pad would do it . But trust me ... even if my dogs -LRB- I have four -RRB- do that `` digging thing '' on the pad , the pad will sometimes come loose from the holder , but it still works and does not fall apart . I think you get the idea ... . Sincerely , a very happy dog Mommy .
 Gridlock Wee Wee pads are the very best quality potty pads on the planet . As an investigator , I sometimes do night surveillance which can be very boring . I loved taking my two Bichon Frises on surveillaces because they kept me awake and entertained . But , they did n't like to use the potty pads I 'd tried , & when they did , those leaked . I 've tried every brand of potty pads available & initially purchased Gridlocks just to get a large supply , inexpensively . I can not begin to say how much I appreciate the grade of this product and for being priced so reasonably . I thank you and so do my Bichon 's Coco Chanel and Boomer Versace ' . My dogs now travel with me on surveillance without having to worry about an accident in my car . I just place one of your pads on the floorboard and they gladly get out of their bed to use it . Such a deal !
 Why is it that so many low-cost puppy wee pads are so crappy ? Our Maddie likes to rip most of them to shreds ... not these ! They are thin , but hold a lot . And seem to be a little harder to tear up than other low-cost pads we 've tried . We will definitely be buying these again !
 These are the best pads I have tried ! Large , thick enough not to leak and they hold a lot of urine without smelling bad . Next time I will buy the ones with the tape in back , that way I wo n't waste time taping them down myself . Will defenitely buy these again and again and again .
 We are new to this product and it works much better than others . It lasts a long time and locks in the water.Keep up the good work .
 This is the best doggie puddle/poo pad on the market . I have n't found a pad in a retail store that compares to the Gridlock pad . If your dog `` widdles '' next to the edge , you will get moisture under the pad , but if the dog hits inside the edge -LRB- as the pad is intended to be used -RRB- the pad will soak up all of the urine and the pad wo n't leak . I work full time outside the home and two pads held up well for one 9-hour stretch in an exercise pen . They are a bit more expensive because you pay for shipping , but they are worth every extra cent . I wo n't use any other pad . I hope this review helps with your decision .
 Excellent product . I have tried other brands but nothing compared to this pads . Excellent for puppies or toy breeds like my maltese . Great price too from this seller . Fast shipping as well .
 These are by far the best potty/training pads ever ! My pom loves the bigger size , and she uses them more than once so I do n't have to throw them out as often . The odor control is amazing , too . They do n't seem to have any nasty aroma as many other potty pads do . This product is a winner !
 These are the best of the best , your dogs feet will not slip -LRB- we found this was a reason our puppy did not go on the old pads -RRB- the PEE PEE will not run off the pad . We tried two other brands and NOTHING compares to the GRIDLOCKS !!!
 I have a Yorkiepoo that is pad trained , so we go through a lot of pads ! Previously , I purchased pads from a medical supplier , but they often leaked through the bottom and over the sides . The Gridlock Puppy pads are awesome ! I cut one in half once , and it trapped the urine even where it was without a seamed edge . Also , these pads last a lot longer . The urine dries up nicely and my fur baby can use one pad up to 5 to 6 times . Highly recommend !
 These pads are great ! I have a cocker spaniel who stays home and these work great ! We used the Simple Solution Stay at Home Adult Pads before and were satisfied , but these are better because it does not leak on the sides or throught the back . Also , after a while the pad absorbs most of the pee . I will continue to use these .
 NICE SIZE , BUT BE CONSCIOUS THAT ANYWAY YOU HAVE TO TEACH YOUR DOG TO USE IT .
 These are the best training pads that I 've ever used for my dog . I read that they were absorbent , but I would never have believed that they were this good . I can not say enough about these pads , they are amazing . I will never use any other brand again .
 My dog loves these pads , she prefers to use it more than the other pads.I tried to change the pads for three other brands and she did not do good .
 We have a Pomeranian puppy that 's about 8 mos old now and she has an uncontrollable need to eat paper . We had decided to go with tray training her because of the lack of outdoor potty spaces available to her . We first started out using the petco products but thought they were a bit pricey . Next we found the pads offered at Costco and were thrilled at the price . They did everything they needed to do EXCEPT ... the little stinker not just shreds but eats the padding . Well ... hoping she would grow out of it is n't working . We have tried rigging various permiable covers to protect the pad ... not very practical because of the cleaning required . So we started my search on Amazon to find a better pad . Suddenly price per pad is n't as much of a concern once the idea of a vet bill for removing the piles of swollowed pad from her insides was a possibility . I read the reviews for these Gridlock puppy pads and it sounded like I may have found what we were looking for . I did n't see anybody else talking about a problem like ours so I was going to have to test them out myself . We have been using them for a couple days now and so far NO CHEWING ! Thank you Jesus ! The embossed layers must be the key . They do a very good job of absorbing , too . They fit both the small and mediun Iris training trays -LRB- also purchased thru Amazon -RRB- .
 So , I do n't have a dog . You may be wondering why I bought these wee wee pads . I actually purchased these to go along with a litter box system -LRB- Breeze -RRB- for my cats . The Breeze system collects the urine in a compartment below where the litter sits and is absorbed by a pad . There are pads that go along with the Breeze system , but at nearly a buck a pad , it was not the most economical solution . I searched Amazon and I came across these wee wee pads ... and they are perfect ! I have to cut these down to fit in the litter box compartment , but after I cut them to fit , I get two pads out of each pad -LRB- if that makes sense -RRB- . So I essentially get 200 pads out of this box to use for the litter box system that I purchased - this brings the price for me down to $ 0.18 per pad ! The absorbancy of these pads is fantastic - two cats use this box and I can usually go 2 to 3 days before I need to change the pad for them . The odor control is also very good - cat urine has a VERY strong odor and I notice a considerable improvement in odor control with these . I ca n't attest to how well these work for dogs , but I highly recommend them for applications similar to mine .
 I have tried several different brands of pads , and these are a top contender . They are perfect for my two chihuahuas .
 I like these , you get more than most brands . these are 24x24 and most of them come as 22x22 or 23x24 or 22x23 , etc. . . these do absorb faster and hold a lot more urine . these also reduce a lot of ammonia smell so much better than nature 's miracle or simple solution pads . I do n't buy these on Amazon.com sellers because I get them for $ 29.99 at my local pet store . I just wanted to people to know that these are better than most and the my neighborhood pet store sells them at the cheapest price . hehe , sorry amazon.com seller .
 Excellent product . I will recommend this product to anybody . I have been using this same product for years , and my dog likes it .
 These work great for lining cages . They are big so I do n't need as many and they definitely do n't let anything through .
 These training pads work great ! I would not use another brand . Well I did have to buy 3M brand from Costco because I did n'tre - order in enough time , HUGE mistake . Do not buy 3M they are flimsy , tear , do n't absorb well and just plain suck ! Gridlock is the best , they are thick and absorbent , do n't tear , great quality ! You get what you pay for ! I will pay for Gridlock !
 We got these for our 14 lb poodle mix . She uses it . We have it on our wood floors . It has n't leaked yet though we are good to throw it away after one pee session . The two dogs have not tried to shred it which is good .
 I purchased a shih tzu in December of 2008 and was advised to visit Amazon.com for pad suggestions . I must admit that prior to believing all the `` hype '' I was very skeptical due to the cost comparison with other major brands . I ordered one box of the gridlock puppy training with the sticky peels on the back . While awaiting the arrival of this shipment I visited Petsmart and purchased a box of Simple Solutions Pee Pads and Nature 's Miracle . What I learned with that experience is absorbency is the main consideration factor . If you leave water out for your dog as you should throughout the day while utilzing this brand ; be prepared to have a mop and Simple Soutions Odor and Stain Remover on hand when returning home . The outer layer is a plastic blue which allows leakage if your dog releases himself more than once.It may be a cheaper brand however you will use them at a faster rate because the absorbency is of poor quality . Again , you get what you pay for . It was very important for the pee pad to be `` the best '' due to utilizing this method for training my dog where to release outside when the time came . Believe me , you would not want to reference back to that product if using this method to teach your dog exactly where to go in the backyard to allow him freedom and avoid worrying over the location of his/her release . Now , the Gridlock Wee Wee Pads are by far the BEST BRAND of pads for samller breeds based on my experience with the smaller dogs only . The top layer has more of a cloth feel and not the white thin layer as other brands . It is more appealing to the eye and does not take away of the decor of any room it is placed in . I do n't know what mechanism they used to lure the dog to the pad to release but whatever it is can not be beat . My dog has never had an accident or questioned where he should go when using this brand . I even tested the theory of location training versus pad training by using the pads in other rooms of the house with hardwood floors and simply placed my dog on the pad to direct one time . He will go to this pad no matter where I put it in the house . The absorbency is `` out of this world . '' You would have a hard time trying to figure out if your dog has released or not unless he `` poops '' of course . They must use a dry acting enzyme agent for both due to the feces drying up very quick and hard almost dissolving . In addition , he quicly absorbs ordors as well . My dog always barks to indicate he has released which gives me an awareness to the need of changing the pads . If my dog ever stopped barking to tell me he has used the potty I would have to use the glow light for pet urine to determine the usage of the wee wee pads . THESE PADS ARE BY FAR THE GREATEST PADS FOR SMALLER BREED DOGS YOU COULD EVER INVEST IN !!! YOU WILL NOT BE SORRY BY ANY MEANS ! -LRB- I do n't comment on the usage for larger breed dogs only because my sole experience has been with smaller breeds . But hey , what do you have to lose.If they have a pad large enough-go for it . -RRB-
 I have a toy breed dog that uses puppy pads in a litter box instead of going outside . I have tried just about every brand of puppy pad in an effort to find one that is absorbent and odor resistant . These are the best I have found for the price . I am very pleased with the product . Other products are scented in order to mask the odors and smell horrible right out of the box . These are unscented but still manage to keep odors at bay despite being soiled for several hours . The reseller , DigItPet , shipped my order quickly and correctly .
 I 've tried many puppy training pads but these are the very best as they are the thickest and sturdiest of any I 've tried . I 've bought these on Amazon and on ebay and will never buy another brand again . I tried cheaper ones but I got what I paid for and really regretted the purchase .
 Please note that my review is for very small `` toy '' dogs under 10lbs . These pads costs a small fraction of what I had been paying for my regular training pads . They are much thinner than my regular pads . Even the box is a fraction the size of my regular pads . I 'm sure my regular pads would hold more , but I 've learned that I do n't need that much protection for my small dog who can use these pads several times during the day with no overflow.These pads fit my standard size pad holders . They hold up to repeated use during the day by my 6lb Maltese . I 've been using them for almost a year now w/o any problems . I will continue to use this product.Advantages : Cost a fraction of what my usual pads cost.Box takes up a fraction of the storage space of my usual pads.Pads fit standard size pad tray.For a small dog -LRB- under 10 lb -RRB- they work fine , absorbing multiple uses during the day w/o leaking.Disadvantages : I really have n't found any when used for my 6 pound Maltese.They may not be sufficiently absorbent for use with very large dogs.For ` toy ' size dogs -LRB- under 10 lbs -RRB- I would recommend you give these a try .
 I have used these pee-pads on a number of occasions when my dog was a puppy . I used them all through her house training . They are ten times more durable and absorbent than the other blue ones you can purchase at pet chains . Our dog would sometimes chew through and tear the blue ones apart which would leave a dusty-like residue on the floors , walls , etc. . But when she attempted to chew the Gridlocks , they 'd just tear and not make a huge mess . Also , the urine did not escape from the Gridlock pads . Another great feature to these pads is that they are a good size and you do not have to use as many compared to the blue ones . Great for all sizes of puppies . It is worth the investment to buy these in bulk ! You will have your wallet in the long run .
 After trying several brands , we feel this is the best for our needs . We have a 4 pound Maltipoo . These pads seem to have a top layer that keeps the moisture away from your dog better than anything else we have tried . The price of the product is fair but the shipping makes it seem expensive.We also purchased the pad holder which makes it easier for the dog to know where to go .
 As a first time pet owner of a MaltiPoo puppy , I was lucky to come across Gridlock wee pad in a specialty dog store -LRB- the only brand they carry -RRB- . Although you ca n't smell the scent , the pad has some kind of odor that attracts the dog . My puppy goes straight for the pad to pee without hardly any training . The pad has a soft quilted layer that absorbs really well - No leak . For a small puppy I can use one pad all day and there is no smell and no leak . I could even use it for more than one day if there 's no poop and it still wo n't leak -LRB- but I change it daily due to hygene ... -RRB- Since I initially bought only a small pack of Gridlock , when we ran out , I decided to by a box of 100 count of `` Great Choice '' brand while we were at a big chain pet store . When I opened up the other brand , the pack has a bleachy smell and some powder stuff . I did n't think any thing of it . However , right away I noticed the puppy kept huffing and blowing out his nose . At first we thought he did n't like the new food we switched him too , but after a few days I realized it was the new training pee pad . I put the Great Choice pad up to my nose and smelled it . Whatever chemical was used , burned my nose . It took me half an hour to clear my nasal . I immediately switched back to Gridlock Wee Pad . After that I decided to do some more research on the Gridlock pad . After reading all of your reviews , I am even more sold that Gridlock training pad is the best for my pup . There must be a reason why the specialty dog store near our house carry only this brand for training pad .
 COMPANY IS GREAT ... FAST DELIVERY EXCELLENT PRODUCT BEST DEAL FOR THE MONEY.GREAT PRICE AND THE SIZE OF THE PADS ARE 1 INCH BIGGER THAN THE REST.VERY DURABLE.MADE BETTER THAN ALL THE REST
 We have tried every brand and style of these available on the market . These are by far the best . As others have said , they stay flat , their edges are more sturdy and the `` moisture '' does n't go through . The best available at any retail store is nowhere near as good as these.With four dachshunds who can not be made to go out in the rain -LRB- or wind , or cold , or ... - those with doxies understand -RRB- no matter what the incentive , we use wee wee pads regularly . These seem to hold more than the others we 've tried . Unless it 's a very small puppy , the output is more than the other pads can handle . When the pad is wet , the backing does n't separate from the padding and the wetness is less likely to seep over the edges . They are also sturdier - nails , even the cat 's , do n't shred them into bits . I recommend these over any other brand or style .
 the product is very good . Just make sure you put it on the right way or you will have lots of puddles . Also , make sure it is very tight or your puppy will chew it .
 You get what you pay for . I tried these wee wee pads with my Yorkie a while ago and they worked great , but I wanted to save money and tried something different . Big mistake . My Yorkie will continue to use these .
 I have been buying the knock off wee-wee pads , and irregulars to save money since my YorkiePoo was born , but I started noticing that as she has grown -LRB- 11lbs . now -RRB- , the absorbency has become an issue and she would only use each pad one time . Most of the time that resulted in a leak all over the floor anyway . So I tried these for just a little more -LRB- I was previously buying Chux for $ 35.00 for a qty . of 300 on eBay -RRB- and I could n't be more happy !! These pads are bigger than the others , MUCH more absorbent , and my puppy will use it up to 3 times before it really has to be changed . Contrary to another review for this product , my dog find them very comfortable . So much so that I have been putting out 2 in her little area , one she likes to lay on -LRB- or even eat her biscuits over -RRB- and the other to tinkle on . I will be buying these from now on .
 They are great . The size allows them to fit into all puppy pad holders and they do the job . Easy and convenient.Ed
 I 've tried all the rest ... finally found the best!Thick , sturdy and ABSORBENT pads . They do notneed to be changed constantly !
 The title says it all . This is now the only brand of puppy pad I purchase . I tried several different brands from the common pet stores after purchasing a Yorkshire Terrier 2 years ago . Like most people , I disappear daily for extended periods for work . Smaller breeds simply can not wait all day for me to return home to relieve themselves . The most common problem in all cases was leakage due to multiple uses.I found the Gridlock pad on Amazon and -LRB- thinking all pads were alike at this point -RRB- ordered the 100-pack . These are now the only pads that I purchase . The only time I have ever seen leakage has been due to poor aim resulting in overflow on the side of the pad . This is simply due to any pads inability to absorb at the rate of flow right at the edges , and the Gridlock still absorbs almost all of it.Do yourself a favor . Save your money buying the other brands and order the Gridlock right away . I could have saved myself alot of headaches in the initial 6 months spent purchasing other brands .
 We started training our puppy on these things when she was a mere 3 months old . Now she 's almost 2 years old and we have n't been able to get her off these things ! The pads are very convenient to have when you 're out at work for 8 + hours a day and ca n't take your dog out to pee outside during the day.We have a small 5 pound Yorkie that does n't have much pee so we 're able to leave this there for a couple of days before changing pads . If we forget to change them for too long however , there is some very slight leakage that occurs.Overall we 're very satisfied with these pads and they work better than a few other brands that we 've tried from the pet store . I give it 4 stars due to the price , and the slight leakage after multiple use .
 These pads are the best I have found . I have two inside dogs a Boston Terrior and a Toy Poodle . These pads are my favorite and I think I have tried them all . DitItPet shipped my order quick .
 i love these pads . they are abosrbent & thick . i love the price too . the only draw back is the shipping cost
 These are the best so far Puppy does not try to shred and they hold alot of potty ! Always delivered quickly too .
 These puppy pads are the best I have found and the price is reasonable too . I would highly recommend them over the other puppy pads out there .
 This is the third brand I have tried . These are the best by far.Super absorbent . I have a small Yorkie -LRB- 4 lbs -RRB- so do n't know how well they work on larger dogs but for my dog it is far superior to the other brands I have tried . No leakage ! I have one in several of my rooms since she has the run of the house and so far no accidents . Nice !! Ordering it via Amazon is super easy and convenient !!
 I have two toy indoor dogs . I have tried numerous other brands , very cheap as well as more costly brands.These pads are the best ! They are thicker than the others , protect the floor better , and no odor can seep through.I know this may sound discusting , but I am always trying to be more frugal and so I tend to reuse these for a few days as long as there is only pee on them . I ca n't smell anything at all ! There is no sense in throwing the whole pad away when it only has a silver dollar size tiny puddle of urine.These pads are the best I have ever bought ! I will only buy this brand from now on !
 I had been using Simple Solutions Adult pads for a couple years , but the company discontinued them.The original pads now offered are supposed to be the same , but I decided to order 100 Gridlock to see how they would work with our 7 lb Yorkshire Terrier . She is an indoor dog and never goes outside . Our dog used them without noticing any difference . The Gridlock pads seem to absorb slightly better , and they cost less per pad . I plan to reorder them when this batch begins to run low .
 The pee pads are the most absorbable I have ever purchased and the quality is unbelievable . Would highly recommend this product . My poodle does n't like to go outside to do his business but faithfully goes on the pee pads . The cheaper ones I have always had in he past were really terrible . Would have to have a terry towel underneath and also a sheet of plastic as well . The cheaper pee pads would leak through onto the plastic consistently . Now do n't require all the other protection . The Gridlock pads are truly all that is required .
 We tried several pads . These and Nature 's Miracle were the best . Gridlock are larger pads that quickly absorb the liquid . It will make a larger patch on the pad after it 's absorbed , but it will dry rather than stay soaking wet like cheaper pads . I also do n't notice a flowery odor from the pad before it 's used , or a stinky odor after it 's used . We also try to use the pad more than once due to the price . I have a 4 lb puppy . Not sure a large one could find enough space to use it more than 2x . Note
 And nice to have such a big box delivered to your door ... . this one would be tricky to carry home from the pet store -LRB- too heavy -RRB- .
 Very pleased with this puppy pad . Works as well or better than all I have tried before . I recommend this product .
 I 'm very impressed with the Wee Wee pads and even more so with Dig It Pet Products . There was a little mistake on the last order that I placed , and it was resolved within minutes , and I had my product in a few days . Great company and Great product !!!
 The Gridlock Puppy Training Pads are very thick and absorbent . They do not have a deodorizer in them to counteract the smell like some other doggy pads do , but they definitely work .
 Absorbs quickly and no odors . This really is a great product for a great price . I will order again .
 If you are looking for a pad that dose n't leak , this is it ! This is a much better pad than the one that my pet supply store carries .
 This is a terrific product . I have used a number of dog pads in the past and this is far superior to anthing I have used previously .
 I just love the Gridlock pads . Thier very sturdy and durable . My dog is very comfortable with them as well . I would reccommend them to anyone .
 I had a real problem trying to house train my adult Yorkie , he refused all Wee Wee pads . I gave this one a last try and guess what ? IT REALLY WORKS ! My dog never has had mistakes any longer using this SUPER absorbant Wee Wee pad ! This is truly a MUST for any puppydog owner ! Try it and you will see ! A MUST BUY !!!!
 I have been using these pads for over 1 year and they continue to bethe best out there . In addition , digitpet.com continues to be an excellent provider of this product . Ships fast , accurate.About the pads , they are the best out there . Unfortunate for me , my youngest Chihuahua was brought home in the winter and I could not properly potty train him , but he was trained to go on pads.I purchased a variety of pads and then found Gridlock pads and have not bought anything else in over 1 year . Quality product . Excellent absorption , does trap odors and overall an excellent . Very economical when compared to `` cheaper '' pads because you use less .
 I made the mix just a couple of days after the tin arrived , my dogs love them ... then I started making treats from the book , now one of my dogs turns his nose up at store bought treats . .
 My pH was a scootch low so I add this product to my marine set up , lights off to avoid swings , it worked great !! Could n't be happier !
 I have Oscars and ciclids . They ran out at the store of this product and I got the liquid one , it was terrible . This is the * best * PH 8.2 product out there . You can mix the powder on your own terms , with the desired concentration . I just ordered 2 bottles at Amazon since I do n't want to go to the pet store and find out they ran out !!!!
 I have cichlids and I use a couple scoops of this when after I perform a partial water change . It keeps the water ph where it needs to be -LRB- higher than most tropical aquariums -RRB- and my fish are healthy .
 Highly recommended for you and your fluffy pal.I was terrified when ordering this that the brush would be doll-sized , but I 'm happy to report that this brush works beautifully . The metal-tipped pins are rounded so they do n't hurt my beloved pup , and he 's more than happy to comply with daily brushings . For the price -LRB- under $ 5 when I purchased if -RRB- you really ca n't go wrong.Notes
 Bristles bend so you will not scrape the dogs skin . Brush away . Works great of our Labs and our Bishon .
 This brush Is very gentle on the skin , I tried it out on my hair first . Unlike those slicker type brushes that I find actually kinda hurt . This one feels like a massage . It also seems to be very well made , I 'm sure it will last a lifetime . Highly recommended . My dogs adorably line up to be brushed . The size is perfect for my 20lb and 25lb dogs with rather unruly curly hair .
 These are large pellets for large fish and should last a while . My Tiger Oscar told me he loves them .
 Im not sure if my Ram likes it or not hav n't seen it eat it yet . But im sure this is a good product . The ingredents are pure . when i drop some in my tank they float for a long time ; they do n't sink unless you push them against the glass to make them soak water up .
 Definately my oscars favorite food next to live meal worms . `` Tigger '' has been thriving for about six years now thanks to this food.I mix it up with live stuff too.Dosent seem to cloud the water.And the other fish -LRB- Silver Dollars , Red Parrots , Golden Dojo , ect . -RRB- like to get whatever is left .
 We have a Central / South American Cichlid tank and they love these floating pellets . They are quite large , so make sure your fish are big enough . As a point of reference , they are just a bit too big for a full grown Convict . We use Hikari food in our other tanks as well and think it 's a quality product .
 I 've used this food for many years now and can highly recommend it . I use a staple flake and these pellets for the 40 or so cichlids in my 250 gallon tank . This food has worked so well in fact , that not one cichlid has died in the last 3 years ! I give the food -LRB- and the excellent filtration setup -RRB- a lot of credit for this kind of success . OH , and the fish coloring is excellent too . The fish also seem to really enjoy eating it up ! It is a bit over-priced and that 's the reason for 4 star rating .
 I 've used hikari cichlid gold with my severum since I got them . They were roughly quarter sized at that time and now they are approximately an inch thick and probably 7 to 8 inches from mouth to tip of tail . They have thrived , growing nicely and even spawning occasionally . I 've never had trouble with apathetic feeding or water clouding . If you buy I hope you have as much luck as I have had with it and thank you for reading my review .
 trusted brand , the fish hasnt complained yet . i usually mix these with the other hikari pellets like the veggie ones , shrimp pellets & live food for my midas .
 After having read multiple reviews about all of the different pet doors I decided to go with one that had the flexible PVC door as opposed to the hard plastic door . I have a toddler and was concerned that he would reach out of the door and get his arm stuck . Well he has already reached out of the door without incident and I think I definitely would have had problems with other products . Installation was pretty straight forward . My cat after some coaxing can now freely go out onto our porch without any issue . I would definitely recommend this product . I live in florida and hate to waste AC . while this provides a pretty good seal between the magnets on the bottom and the trim on the sides I am afraid there is some energy loss . So if you are green crazy or very energy conscious you may want to think twice . The tradeoff is worth it to me . I think my cat would agree too .
 The product is exactly as described and was shipped quickly . I have been using these chews to help my dog 's arthritis in his knees and it has made a big difference . It flares up if we forget to give it to him regularly , but as long as gets one or two a day , he has very little pain . Will continue using these until his arthritis requires a more potent treatment .
 I have 2 standard poodles and they have never had a doggie door before . One of my dogs is terrified of this door but my 8 month old doggie loves it ! He has found new freedom with this door . I was worried because I didnt know how well they would accept this but not to worry now . The one that is scared of it will soon learn to love it too . And the bottom of the flap does have a magnet on it so it stays closed by itself . I especially like the security door that slides on . If the weather is bad or I just need to not let the dogs out or in , the security door really comes in handy .
 I bought two big bags thinking that it would last me through the Winter or close to it . I filled up the bird feeder and we had a yard full of sparrows . It was like they invited all their friends and family . Well lets just say that after 2 days I decided that I better get a couple more bags , because not only did we have a yard full of sparrows , but I noticed that we have a flock of big birds that have discovered the food . I was never a bird watcher , but the Lord has given me joy and serenity in watching them eat and play .
 I purchased this item today at PetSmart . The JW Smartgrip Cat Shedding tool is awesome . It 's not actually a blade -LRB- as I tried it out on my husband to see what it would do to his hair after I saw what it did to my cat -RRB- . It works by gently pulling the hair , removing all loose hair , and hair that 's already fallen out but is still in the coat . I own a Himalayan and their coats can be rather thick , and she HATES the standard barbed brushes , this item she loves , and the hair it gets out is incredible.I even tried it on my Boston Terrier , as I have n't found a decent brush for his shedding coat either , and it works ! Even though he 's a little less thrilled with it , he still sits there for me.For the money , this is an incredible find !
 This is the best hair removal for cats I have ever used . It removes hair better than any product I have ever used . The bonus is that the cat does n't mind me using it on him . With the other brushes , he wo n't sit still .
 This works GREAT for my one large short hair cat , who has a thick coat , and a fine undercoat as well . I use this -LRB- which he LOVES -RRB- , and it 's like there 's a whole second cat 's worth of fur that comes off . Yes , you have to grab the fur since the brush does n't hold it , but that 's a minor issue for me.On the other hand , my smaller cat has a very silky , smooth , short coat with practically no undercoat , and this does absolutely nil for her.So if you have a cat with a lot of shedding undercoat , I highly suggest this . If not , move along .
 With three cats and four dogs this tool comes in mighty handy ... really gets off the loose hair and stops so much shedding around the house ... . must have
 I have a very good brush I have used on my cats - a fine toothed rake which gets lot of loose fur . I used to swear by it , until someone let me use this JW blade . The cats like it better and it gets more fur faster . The `` blade '' actually has small jagged teeth and the cats love it , even on their tummies . You can swipe much faster and it gets more fur with each swipe . The best part is that it does n't `` clog up '' like the rake brush , which I have to clean every few swipes to get the fur out of it .
 I read many shedder reviews before I bought this item . My concern with ones that said that they removed tons of hair , the little metal comb razor type ones , is that reviews said they pulled out TOO much hair and left the coats unhealthy.This definitely removes a lot or hair . I get a good hand full of dead hair when I brush for 10-15 minutes . My cat , Izzy , purrs and purrs when I use it when usually he attacks combs . He just does n't like it on his hips . The circular shape allows the `` blade '' to hit the coat twice with one stroke.FYI the tool is a circular blade about an inch deep that has medium zig zag teeth along the bottom edge . I use mine about once a week , and I figure getting a handful of hair off Iz is one less handful of hair that 's not behind my dresser.Probably the only shedding blade I 'd recommend for people who want happy , healthy pets and are n't just concerned with ripping out every loose hair to protect their furniture .
 My cat-owning friend recommended this product , and now I 'm spreading the word ! Just as advertised , it removes ASTOUNDING amounts of cat hair . My cat has long hair and he hates normal brushes . This is the only brush that I can use on him without being worried about being clawed or hissed at . It really works , and cats love it!What the other reviewer said is true , though
 We have two tabbies and their claws seem to grow really fast . This means that there is constant clipping needed . We had tried almost every type of nail trimmer available -LRB- about 3-5 in a drawer at any given time -RRB- . The cats squirmed , their claws splintered - it was a chore . Then with another attempt to find a nail clipper that worked easily we came upon the GripSoft and WOW ! It works like a charm ! The GripSoft gives a clean easy trim that both we and our cats are happy with . No more squirming or splintering - I recommend this product .
 This is the first time I 've used specific nail clippers for my cat , at first opting to use human nail clippers , which i used to cut her nail tips . I purchased these cause they where relatively inexpensive -LRB- over 50 % off -RRB- . I can almost cleanly cut my cat 's nails now , rather than have them splinter . They do splinter on occasion but that 's because her nails is either growing and weak , or is shedding/peeling off.I struggle with them a bit as I 'm not used to using a nail clipper that 's so easy to use . I also over-judged the clippable distance and I almost cut into my cat 's quick . That would 've been a major ouch ... Good thing I have a relatively docile cat . I managed to get two paws done in one sitting , after much squirming and inexperience on my part .
 I have found the JW pet Company 's GripSoft Cat Nail Clipper to be very easy to use . I had tried a guillotine style clipper before and did not like it as much . I find that this one makes a nice , clean cut and is easy to use despite my cat 's tendency to squirm .
 After months of using regular nail clippers with my cat this has become a great surprise . It is very easy to use , I would recommend it to any pet owner .
 I had to send my first one back because it was a small and not much can fit through that one . I have a Chiuhaua -LRB- sp -RRB- and a Jack-Rat Terrier . Medium works fine . Also had a installation issue . I put it in the side of my Florida room instead of a door . Screws were too short so I just caulked it in place . Works great . Dogs needed a little help at first but they love the freedom now and I like coming home to a clean house.Joe
 The product would have been perfect but a couple of the metal components were bent slightly on arrival . Nothing that kept me from using it in the garage , but still you expect a new item to come in pristine condition .
 Used 2x a week , this gel keeps my dog 's breath sweet and her teeth white . It 's certainly easier to use on my dog 's teeth than toothpaste and brush ! I apply it with my fingers , and we 're all set !
 I use this product and a baby toothbrush to brush my doberman puppy 's teeth . She loves the taste and brushing is easy and a pleasant experience for both of us .
 My girls can both fit on this ledge at the same time and often do . They seem to prefer it to any of the other spots in their cage . It secures tightly to the bars in the cage . It 's made out of a fairly hard wood , because they have both been chewing on it for two years and it is still in fine condition . My older chinchilla , Daisy , is staring at me right now , as I type this , from on top of the ledge .
 who knew a wooden ledge could make a chinchilla this happy.I bought an igloo , a hideaway edible log , and a huge fluffy hanging hammock and he STILL sleeps on this ledge.He not only sleeps on it , but he jumps on it and from it constantly.I definitely need to add more in the future !
 I love these ledges . They are very easy to place in your cage , smooth and easy to clean with warm water . I have two of these and I change the location to give my Chinchillas some variety . One of my chins came with a damaged front paw which prevents him from jumping very high , so these really help him out . These are really nice for tall cages as they allow your chin to jump like in their real habitats . They are a nice jumping tool for very late nights after they have had their play time outside of the cage . I have had my ledges for about a year now and they are still holding up great . If you can find the ledges in pumice - get them - they are fantastic too !
 When I put it into my chinchilla 's cage , they began hoping from one ledge to the other like crazy . They absolutely loved it ! Unfortunately about a week later , one of the ledges splintered and the screw came sliding out . I would highly recommend these to any chinchilla owner , but you might have to reinforce the screws yourself .
 Our little guy loves this thing ! Sits and chews is all the time . Great buy !!
 This is a good sized , sturdy perch that my 3 chinchillas use frequently . I have used the lava ledge perches in the past -LRB- which are much smaller -RRB- , and I currently have a couple lava ledges and the sleep-n-ledge in a stair-like pattern that they like to jump up . The only thing that might turn into a problem with the sleep-n-ledge is when I got it , there was a small crack where the wood wasnt totally joined together . Hopefully it will continue to hold up well and not split apart .
 I have 5 chinchillas , and these ledges out last most replacement shelves I 've purchased . They are very thick , so hold up against a lot of use and chewing , easy to clean , and the chinnies love them .
 at first he seemed skeptical , but he uses it now and it 's small enough to be out of his way but it gives him a new ledge to sit on which is nice
 This is my 5th ledge , I have 3 Chinchies in a very tall cage . These shelves are great , changes their environment , gives them more surfaces to jump on at a low cost . Easy to put up , they love them .
 My chinchillas love the sleep ledge . They love to perch on any items so I bought this to give it a try . They immediately went for it and chewed a little bit on it but it is still in excellent shape . Great purchase .
 my chinnie hangs out on this thing all time ! i also noticed she likes to chew on it once in awhile though lol
 This ledge is made out of a thick piece of wood . It is designed to be chewed and my chinchillas do chew it . It has two slits cut in the back for you to insert the horizontal cage bars through , but neither of my cages had the bars at the same separation . So instead , I sandwiched the cage bars between the two included washers . The washers however , are slightly too small -LRB- they do n't reach across two bars , leading to the possibility of the ledge becoming disconnected from the cage -RRB- . I managed to wedge it into a corner where it works , but if the washers were a bit bigger , it would be better . I 've bought this ledge before , and the old washers were indeed bigger.This ledge is about an inch shorter , but much wider than this similar ledge
 I just got this in the mail today , put it in the cage , and my chinchilla loves it ! I just ordered another one so that she can leap around some more . : -RRB-
 Our chinchilla loves to jump onto the perch . He loves to just hang out on it also . He 's a good size and it holds him just fine and stays on cage nicely .
 I bough 2 of them for my pet chinchillas Gummi and lunch . I probably will even wind up buying more for them.They stay in the cage great and clean easily plus they can chew on them as well .
 I use it to raise my PH to 7.3 - 7.4 and my KH to 3-4 to keep the PH stable .
 The product was great , but it did n't work for my dog . I had no trouble returning it , the seller was so nice about it . I would buy from this seller again without a doubt
 My dog loves these and I have bought them for her for years . It is getting more difficult to find them , but I keep trying because she is a picky eater and this is one of the treats she likes .
 Length :
 This bath house is much smaller than you would think however it is perfect for a syrian to play in even making it their hideout . Hamsters like sand baths but I have trays for that things like this make a very nice house or an easy to clean potty all in all I would get it again for hammy 's even though the hole may be a little high for some that is easily fixed by giving them something to climb on or simply putting it a little deeper in the bedding .
 I purchased this for my Degus . It is the perfect size for them to use as a dust bath , or to just hide out in . I leave it in the cage for them to enjoy .
 These make great hidey holes for chins - but do n't have enough room for bathing . The warnings of them tipping over and suffocating chins can be safely ignored.It 's too bad they can not be ordered by color - yellow , green , blue , and purple .
 I love this pet bath . Not only is it cute but my Teddy Bear Hamster loves it.Haven ' t put any sand in it yet . I just wanted to see how he would react to it and he 's been climbing in and out of it all night.When I first opened the box and took this Chinchilla bath out I thought it was huge and that I would have to return for a refund.Then when I measured my Hamster I realized that he would never fit in the smaller one . A dwarf Hamster yes , but not a Teddy Bear.My Hamster is nearly 6 inches long so he 'll have plenty of room to roll around in there.Seller / Store chooses the color . Mine is yellow.It 's about 7-3/4 inches tall not including the ears . From the middle it 's about 6 inches wide.The opening in front is about 3-1/2 inches tall and 4 inches wide.I like this product and would reccomend . Oh , and the seller was very helpful as well .
 I absolutely adore this chinchilla bath . I got one for my baby Duncan years ago , and he truly loves it -LRB- he sleeps in it on non-bath nights -RRB- . I really refuse to believe any chinchilla has every suffocated in this thing ; the circular cut-out in front would n't lie flush against any flat surface if tipped over -LRB- which is also highly unlikely ; I 've had it for years and Duncan 's fat-a $ $ has never managed to get it to tip at all , let alone tip over , and he sits on it frequently -RRB- so a chinchilla would be able to get oxygen easily through the gaps.I bought a second one for my degu girls since degus , like chinchillas , need dust baths and this is the only non-plastic dust bath I could find . Anyone who 's had degus can tell you they are compulsive chewers , so plastic ones would be horrible for them and their health . Dishes do n't work too well , either , since they kick up the dust everywhere .
 Love that this is ceramic so that my chinchilla ca n't chew on it ! Also love how it keeps the dust inside !
 I 'm very impressed with the item , it came in the mail perfect . I got a green one , love the color , it 's perfect for a Male chinchilla . I read other reviews about people not receiving the right home , idk how that happened , the right one came to me , & it got here fast & efficiently . I 'm very very happy with it .
 Cuddles is a rather fat , fully grown Chinchilla who loves this more than anything else she has ----- to use for bed and bath !! She has had it for many months -- almost a year , and Cuddles says to tell everyone , `` Thumbs Up !! -RRB- Besides , it is cute -- just as she is ! It is always in her cage ; she would miss it if it were removed .
 My chinchilla has used this for bathing quite happily . He is probably on the small side , though . I am only replacing it because my cat threw it off a shelf , cracking it ... it 's so cute that I 'm getting another !
 My 14-year old lab has been on these for 3 years . Initially , it took about a week to see some change . Of course he 's a lot slower now at 14 than he was at 11 , but he 's still on them . I 've made sure to never run out and have never tried anything else . These are cheaper than buying the supplements individually , and besides most dogs HATE taking pills . You can use these as a treat , just be careful that some dogs will get an upset stomach if given these on an empty stomach . I put his dosage in with his food . Once you notice your dog slowing down , taking longer on the stairs , or appear to be walking more deliberately , give these a try .
 This is a wonderful product that we find to work very well . Whenever we add fish , have an issue with our tank , or treat the fish , we use stability . This is by far the best price and size to purchase . The seller shipped this fast and secure .
 With no shortage of Biological water treatments available - I 've never really relied on them . The reason being is there 's no true shortcut to a fully cycled aquarium - you have to wait and let nature take it 's course . In the past I 've tried products like Cycle by Nutrafin and Easy start by Tetra but in most cases these products were used in setting up fast quarantine and hospital tanks.Most of these products - want you to use them continuously which does n't make sense . If you have a fully cycled tank why would keep adding new strains of bacteria to already established water ? Well , I think because some manufacturers want you too keep coming back for more and the price of admission is n't cheap.Cycle at around $ 22 for 16 ounces encourages you to dose your tank with 5 ml for every ten gallons once a week - and 10 ml for every ten gallons during water changes.Nonsense.This brings me to `` Stability '' by Seachem -LRB- one of my favorite companies -RRB- But being partial to them and their product line does n't mean I do n't question or research as best I can . That said , I 'm nursing a new 55 , a 40 and 125 . I had a bottle of Stability which I had bought on a what the heck basis - the 55 has fish in it , I seeded the filter but still had serious ammonia spikes.The bacteria used in competitive products are inherently unstable . And for the bacteria to survive it must live in the exact temperature , PH and other water parameters in which it was raised and colonized . When you add this bacteria to your aquarium , it survives for a brief while - but then crashes and dies.Stability on the other hand , has bacteria that can survive in almost any kind of water - fresh and salt and virtually any type of water conditions . Seachem states the strain took a decade to develop . What sets it further apart from the competition is that it contains nitrifying and denitrifying bacteria which is n't the case for any other product of it 's kind . Seachem also states - other bacterial supplements form toxic hydrogen sulfide - something that can never happen with Stability.With this said , I 've dosed my new tanks according to the directions which are 5 ml per 10 gallons on the first dose and a follow up of 5 ml per 20 gallons for 7 days . What I 've noticed - and noticed quickly , is that my water is clearly more stabilized . Currently I show no ammonia on the API test or Seachem Ammonia Alert meter - it 's been five days since the last dose and all of my readings are in the safe zone.I do n't use it for water changes - but having experienced the problems of adding fish to a non or partially cycled tank , I have not so fond memories of daily 50 % -80 % water changes for weeks . . ugh.Where Stability shines is in helping you protect your fish and stabilize the water , especially in keeping the primary fish killer - ammonia in check.So for specific applications Stability is an excellent product . It 's harmless to fish and appears to deliver on it 's promise . But as a weekly or even monthly addition to established tank maintenance I would n't suggest it.To their Credit , Seachem says you can use it as an on going additive - but unlike other products they do n't make it sound like you have to .
 This review is meant for both Seachem 's Stability and Seachem 's Matrix.I helped my son set up his 120 gallon African cichlid tank . We went through about 5 or 6 different filters and settled on an Eheim . From what we had learned from our research on tank setups we had understood that the filter media , once properly colonized , will remove ammonia and nitrites from the water but will not remove nitrates -LRB- ammonia gets converted by one kind of bacteria in the filter to nitrites and in turn another kid of bacteria will convert the nitrites into nitrates -RRB- . The only way to reduce the nitrate levels is by either having live plants or even better , periodic water changes . We were also told that if we have a deep enough substrate then after about 6 months or so , if we get lucky , deep in the substrate will develop a bacterial colony that will help reduce the nitrates.As I continued my research I stumbled on to the Seachem web site . I was impressed by the specs of their Matrix product . It claimed to be able to support bacteria that will eliminate nitrates from the water . Great ! Now all I have to do is buy this filter media , wait six months and I 'm all set . Not only that , but from what I 've read on the Internet , it could take up to two whole months for the ammonia and nitrites eating bacteria to properly develop.Well , luck for me , I found the Stability product . I added both the Matrix filter media and Stability to my setup -LRB- Stability needs to be added to the water on a daily basis for one week -RRB- and tested the water after one week . I was pleasantly surprised to see that the ammonia and nitrites levels had dropped down to 0 ! My son was telling me not to bother testing for nitrates because it 's guaranteed that they 'll be there . I tested anyway and guess what ? Zero!This works like magic !
 I have a Border Collie that plays competitive dog sports and Triple Strength Joint Max has made a huge difference with him ! He used to be lame after a long weekend of frisbee or flyball but since I put him on the Triple Strength Joint Max he does n't show any signs of lameness whether it 's a full weekend of flyball or just a hike in the woods . I can definitely notice the difference in him.I did try the Double Strength and while I felt it worked to a certain degree - when I switched to the Triple Strength I noticed a definite improvement and would recommend spending the few extra dollars and going with the Triple Strength . I know it 's worth every penny when he comes bouncing across the yard to see me everyday after work !
 I started giving Joint Max Triple Strength to Andy , my six year old German Shepherd . He was exhibiting some stiffness after our walks and after getting up from a nap . After about one month the sypmtoms disappeared . I highly recommend this product .
 I have been using Triple Joint Max for almost a year with my 13 yr . old Australian Shepard who has arthritis in her lower back . I 've tried various Glucosamine/Chondroiton brands of that mix and Triple Joint Max chewables work THE BEST . She is not nearly as stiff getting up now after laying for a while or in the AM . She plays at the dog park daily so she is active and has more energy to play now . I 've found the chewable works much better than the Soft chewables . I did n't realize there would be such a difference between the 2 types but there is . They say more of the product gets into their system better than the soft chewable . She likes the chewable just as well . This product has been a God sent for me & HER !!!
 Started give this to my 4 yr old GSP post ACL TPLO surgery . No issues no problems , no limp , no stiffness and she 's back to normal . Better alternative than rimadyl . She takes one per day . Every dog is different , but for her , it works fine .
 MY DOGS ENERGY AND STAMINA SEEMS TO BE STRONGER , SHE RUNS AROUND MORE , AND DOESNT STRUGGLE AS MUCH USING STAIRS .
 My older dog was suffering from hip and joint stiffness when walking . I tried about 4 other well-reviewed , quality joint supplement brands and did n't notice any difference at the end of those . I decided to try Joint MAX Triple Strength and finally I saw some results for her ! She did n't get stiff as soon when on walks and seemed to have more endurance and pep in her step . She has since passed away but I now give this to my smaller dog who has a bad knee . I will continue to use this great joint supplement !
 AFTER WE GOT A NEW DOG HOME FROM THE HUMANE SOCEITY WE DISCOVERED SHE HAD HIP PROBLEMS , SHE IS A FIVE YEAR OLD AUSTRALIAN SHEPHERD AND SHE WAS ABOUT 15 POUNDS OVER WEIGHT . WITH A GOOD DIET , EXERCISE AND JOINT MAX SHE IS NOW RUNNING WITH OUR OTHER AUSSIE SHEPHERD AND ACTS LIKE SHE IS TWO YEARS OLD , I HIGHLY RECOMMEND JOINT MAX .
 The rabbits love their new home even though they fight who goes on top of it and who does n't they do n't sleep inside of it just between the cage and the igloo . But I love it and they do too .
 My Bunny love this . She 's kind of big and she fits perfect in this . I also love that it 's see through so I can see her in it . She also likes to move it around in her cage . I was hoping it would be purple , but ours came green .
 Decent size for my bunnies I gave it 5 stars because well , there is nothing wrong with it . Exactly as described , strong . Unfortunately my bunnies do not like it and never use it . So it is just sitting in my backyard . You win some , you lose some .
 I rescued a baby cottontail rabbit that was injured and much to my surprise , he lived . -LRB- I am a NICU RN , maybe thats why ? hehe -RRB- We 've had him for several months now and he is GROWING ! So I ordered him one of these to go in his `` rat cage '' that he currently lives in . It does n't fit . AT ALL . It is HUGE . It is bigger than the rat cage.I guess I should have paid attention to the size better , my mistake . I am not returning it . I will just hang on to it and use it in his next cage that will be much bigger.Right now he has to live in the rat cage because he is so small he could escape a much larger cage .
 its exactly what I needed for my hedgehog . its a littler bigger than I thought it would be BUT i 'm happy .
 I orginally got this for another animal but my cat took it over and loves it . Will leap into the crate and push my hedghog out to sleep in it .
 Mistakenly ordered the larger one , meant to get a smaller one . It 's alright though , my cat took a fancy to it , so it 's a keeper : P
 i love this item , i got it just today . . it is bigger then i thought , and i got the color i wanted ... but i think this is by far the best for more then one guinea pig they love it they can both sleep in the same thing ... and they like to sleep on top during the day ... but i am glad i got both of them they where brothers why separate them right ?
 I purchased this igloo for my pregnant guinea pig . She was getting a little to wide to comfortably fit into the smaller igloo . It is large enough for my three girls to share . My only complaint is that I did n't get to pick the color .
 I got this because my two guinea pigs had been fighting during the night over the castle I had for them that could only fit one guinea pig at a time in it . Well the fighting stopped when I got this and they love it ! I do n't see them to often in it together but they are getting along better now because of it . I do how ever see them hiding in it together when I have them out running around the living room . They just love this castle!I was so thrilled when I got it and it was pink . I would have been fine with any other color but the fact that it was pink fitted well because my guinea pigs are girls and there other castle is also pink ! If I had to choose again I would definitely buy this castle every-time !
 I have 2 pigs so I ordered the giant size -LRB- rabbit size -RRB- to make sure they would both fit in it . It is plenty big and there is probably room for another guinea pig too . They do love to hide out in it .
 I got this for my 3 rats . Did n't know how big this was gon na be . Its at least twice the size of the large . Its good and bad in ways . Good how they have a lot of room to sleep , bad is now they have to sleep on lower level where all the bedding is -LRB- they have a 4level cage and use to sleep on the top -RRB- I received a green sapphire color one which is pretty nice.Just make sure you have a big enough cage to fit this in ! There cage is about 5 feet tall and a ferret cage and it barely fits .
 The delivery was really fast and the packaging was great to minimize any potential damage . It 's a nice unit . I failed to read the dimensions though and it 's a lot smaller than I thought it would be . It 's great for a small rabbit or guinea pig sized animal , but my rabbit it BIG so I will be giving this to a friend . I thought about returning it because of the size , and the return looks really easy , but I got lazy and for the price , I just opted to keep it an give it away.I was pleased with everything about this company though .
 This igloo has been an excellent purchase for my two guinea pigs . It is large enough for both of them to fit it and easy to clean . I highly recommend this product !
 Our bunny feels protected and yet we can still see her . A LOT larger than what I thought it was going to be . I did n't want to order something that would 've been too small . No worries with this size ! Our rabbit is n't all that big and wo n't get much bigger , so she has a lot of room inside and it takes up approximately 1/4 of the cage . Although , we ended up with a color we liked , I would 've given it five stars , had we had a choice .
 Every animal I 've seen with any size of these absolutely loves it . I hope whoever created these is a very rich person . Any small animals I have in the future will always get their own igloo.Great for sleeping in , hiding in , or sitting on top and lording over the room . They are very easy to clean -LRB- when you can get it away from your pet long enough -RRB- . They 're also light enough that the animals can pick them up and move them around when they want to .
 Large and roomy for my 2 guinea pigs . They love it . Fast delivery
 I have two buns , one is pretty dang large , and both of them love to move things and destroy them , but this thing is hardy !! ive had it for two months and it still looks great , they both love to sit on top of it ! the big guy fits on there and it actually holds him , usually stuff brakes from him haha Great product and arrive fast !!
 The Igloo is Fantastic ! But It Would Be Better If I could Have Chosen The Color :\ But Besides that The Igloo Truely Does satisfy Me -LRB- : * My 7 Newborn Rabbits LOVE it ! -LSB- : *
 I bought this for my baby mini lop bunny to hide in . I put a fleece blanket and some toys in it and he adores it ! Very happy with this and good quality too .
 My Bun lovessssssssssssssss his new house !!!!! It is a lot larger than I could have imagined -LRB- Giant -RRB- , my bun is medium in size and has more than enough room , he can turn sit and lay any way he pleases . He especially loves laying on top , once he figured out how to get up there . This thing is durable against bunny chewing and light enough for your bunny to move if he wants to . I especially love the clear plastic so I can check on him , without disturbing his nap time . Great product .
 Works well for guinea pigs . It can comfortably fit two guinea pigs . The only reason I did n't give it a 5 star is because it does take up a lot of space in a cage and if you have a guinea pig like one of mine who clearly dominates the other you may find the more submissive guinea pig without a home at times . I had to buy another smaller igloo because Belle would poke Fifi out of the bigger one at times . If you just have one piggy then a smaller one would work just fine .
 I buy a new one of these igloos every 6 months or so because my large rabbit , Maggie likes to go potty near it , but they are fantastic . The colors are great too . As big as she is -LRB- About 6 lb.s -RRB- she can fit inside , turn around , lay down , get comfy and sit on top to check out the view . They 're super easy to clean . Maggie feels safe inside and I like that I can still see her through the walls .
 the product was very useful , it seemed to work very well.the service was also very good I would order from your web site again.My grass was very burned in spots from my dog , but after using the product , the green color hid the bare brown spots until the grass started to grow back again ,
 I have 3 big dogs and they kill lots of grass in my yard . I have been using Simple Solutions Lawn Spot Away for several years and love it . It works ! As long as you are not too close to see the slight difference in color , it is worth spraying because from the patio where we all sit , we can look at the grass after I spray Simple Solutions and it is all green . And the grass does grow back pretty fast . I like the product and my gardner likes the product . It is just difficult to find it in the stores .
 I have been using this product for about two years . I have a cat that ocassionally will use the lawn as his litterbox . This product is great for covering up those brown urine spots green . When I walk past my lawn - I do n't see one or two spots - I see all green . It does n't seem to accelerate the regrowth of the area though .
 Great product . It does not just die the grass green . It prevents the burn that occurs from dog urine . We have been using it regulary for about two years . Be sure to shake it before use . I suggest you clear the line after use by turning the bottle upside down and pumping the sprayer until the line is clear .
 We used this product for the first time last spring . My dog unfortunately chose to use the front yard as her main `` pee '' area . I was horrified to see all the brown spots on our `` typically '' beautifully green lawn . Here are the steps I took and much to my dismay , it actually worked . First I raked all the dead grass away so it was almost a bare spot down to the dirt . I then poked a bunch of small holes into the area as to airorate -LRB- unsure of spelling ?? -RRB- it some . I then put grass seed down . Lastly I sprayed it with the Lawn Spot Away . Since I had multiple areas , I had to duplicate this process 15-20 times . I think it mainly camoflages the areas however I do believe it also neutralizes the soil some as to encourage regrowth . I then watered the grass regularly and resprayed the areas every few days or so -LRB- maybe every 4-5 -RRB- . After about 3 weeks the areas were repaired . I figured for $ 10 -LRB- for the 32oz -RRB- even if it makes the spots look 50 % better temporarily and accelerated regrowth some , I was happy . I have just repurchased and am ready to do it again for this year . On a side note , throughout the summer I give my dog -LRB- yellow lab -RRB- Green Um tablets -LRB- also sold through Amazon -RRB- to help with summer burn . I take her off them in the late fall for the winter months since they suggest not giving it year round .
 A good product and I got what was advertised . My only complaint is that if you want to get the dust out you have to wash this stuff for HOURS .
 Looks Like real and absolutely compliments the aquarium colors . I love how such a small addition can make such a huge difference ! Recommended
 It is a bit smaller than I thought it would be , but its still a very nice fake plant , spread out nicely and life like . Will be a wonderful addiction to my cichlid tank .
 This product is value for money . It is worth its price.It does what is says on the site . I am happy with this purchase and recommend it to others .
 I USE THIS PRODUCT QUITE OFTEN FOR MY DOG AS SHE HAS JOINT PROBLEMS . AM PLEASED WITH THE RESWULTS SO FAR.FAST SHIPPPING . THANKS
 My 8 year old mixed golden retriever started developing fairly serious arthritis . After a short walk around our neighborhood he would suffer significant pain and had major problems getting through the winter . He is now 12 years old and has been taking this product for 4 years and it 's like he is aging backwards . He is so playful , runs up the stairs and can handle two times around the neighborhood with no problems . I ca n't say enough about this product . The price is great compared to other alternatives from the vet - be aware though the benefits appear slowly over time so do n't give up . If you love your dog buy this product . You 'll be so happy you did .
 My black lab was diagnosed with very mild hip dysplasia after being only 2 , he was limping all the time for now reason . The doctor recommended this stuff < so I gave it a try , and he has not limped since . I stopped giving it to him for awhile and the limp def came back . I cant say that its a fix but it def makes his life more comfortable , he just turned five , and is a very active dog who still thinks he is a puppy with no limp .
 ... . the product made it to me in record time ! GREAT product and good value . Saved my dog from needing surgery and restored her from a ` three-legged ' dog in to her former ` speed of light running ' self ! She does n't go a day without it !
 I started using JointMax Triple Strength several years ago after one of my dogs , Jax , had knee surgery . The veterinary surgeon recommended another , much more expensive product , but after much research , I found JointMax , which appears to be a superior product . Jax continues to do great , as does Mamie , who has hip dysplasia!My mother 's dog , ShyAnne , was crying from joint pain . I gave Mom some JointMax to try . Within a few days ShyAnne showed significant improvement and after a week on JointMax was pain-free ! It 's now been 6 months and Shy remains pain-free . The dogs love the taste of the J-M tablets , and the tablets and the tablets are considerably less expensive than the J-M soft chews .
 Looks Like real and absolutely compliments the aquarium colors . I love how such a small addition can make such a huge difference ! Recommended
 This is a well made Item . I bought one 6 years ago for one of my rabbits . He loved it ! Unfortunately , at 4 months he had outgrown it . I cleaned it up and saved it for my next baby bunny . She also loved it . This item is great for baby rabbits , or very very small dwarfs under 4 pounds . But not the greatest for adult rabbits .
 I purchased one waffle block house for my guinea pig and one for my daughter 's guinea pig . They both love it and moved right in ! Snaps together quickly and nice thick blocks another great chew toy for the piggies . Translucent colors so you can see your little pet in house.Great item . I keep it in playpen so when piggie is our for her run she has a place to hide and feel safe .
 My fox terrier loves this frog ! He carries it everywhere and gets super excited by the `` ribbit '' sound . It is durable and allows rough play . Baxter has n't been able to tear the stuffing out of this one !
 this is a really fun look who 's talking toy , but not one of the more durable , so buy more than one .
 These fake plants look better than most you can find at pet stores for twice the money . My only complaint with them is that they have the same problems as many fake aquarium plants . The stems of the plants tend to detach a bit too easily when putting them in your tank , so often when cleaning the tank , a stalk will come floating to the surface and has to be re-attached . That complaint I have had with most of the many fake plants I have purchased , no matter how much I have spent , so I would n't say this is a bad product , especially for the price range .
 The plant leafs are very red , more than it looked in the picture . A small piece fell off while I was rinsing it off but I was able to reattach it .
 For anyone who 's ever grown the real ones , you 'll appreciate these plants . Although plastic the color is nice and holds up just fine in the aquarium . Have received many compliments on the color of these plants in my tank . Highly recommend these .
 These fake plants look better than most you can find at pet stores for twice the money . My only complaint with them is that they have the same problems as many fake aquarium plants . The stems of the plants tend to detach a bit too easily when putting them in your tank , so often when cleaning the tank , a stalk will come floating to the surface and has to be re-attached . That complaint I have had with most of the many fake plants I have purchased , no matter how much I have spent , so I would n't say this is a bad product , especially for the price range .
 I just bought this last week , and so far - it 's doing a great job.Advantages : - The bedding stays inside the cage , even though she loves to burrow.-It 's easy to attach fun-nels to -LRB- although my pet wants nothing to do with them - she 's either strange for a dwarf hamster , or a bit uncertain , being only a baby -RRB- - The cage is petite and does n't take up much space . However , she still has plenty of room , even with a small igloo in there.-It 's well ventilated and secure , so she can breathe easily without me fearing her escaping.-The roof is easy to remove in order for cleaningDisadvantages : - I ended up throwing out the water bottle after a couple of hours because she could n't figure out how to use it . I bought her a separate water bottle and she was very parched , drinking for several minutes before settling down . I heard others do n't have problems with it though , so again , it could be that she 's so young and gets frustrated easily.-I think the food bowl , while in a convenient place , is sort of small , but that 's only my personal opinion.-The `` silent and safe '' wheel is safe , but you could never call it silent . At all . I always know when she 's awake -LRB- around 3 a.m. every night -RRB- because her running wakes me up.-I wish there was another door on the side of the cage , or that there was a removable tray , but that 's just me being picky.After reading other product reviews and getting feedback from other hamster owners , I still say this is worth the price and the easiest design with the least bit of fuss . It may be a bit too small for a regular sized Syrian hamster , but for a dwarf , mouse , or gerbil - it 's perfect !
 I just purchased this product on Saturday and LOVE IT !!!! I have 3 dwarf hamsters , one of them just can not get along with the others so I have had to go to having two cages.I dislike the water bottle and have bought one that will hang on the wire side . This has made it perfect !! I have ordered a second one of these for the other two so that I can add the expansion sets and value pack Fun-nels to make them a maze of tunnels and adventures .
 I bought this cage as an add-on to the CritterTrail Revolution . It would be a little small to be the main habitat , but Bullet -LRB- a robo dwarf hamster -RRB- is happy with it as a stop on her `` tube trail . '' The wheel is a bit noisy -- but most wheels are . The cage has kept her secure , and that 's what matters when you 've got a 2-inch pet that moves like a rocket . It 's easy to clean , and great for travel .
 This product does just what we purchased it for!We live in the boonies of Colorado , with a lot of farmland around us . Every year we get a few mice that decide to come live with us -LRB- even with three indoor cats that can and will kill them -RRB- . This year the mice seem to have outsmarted the cats and chose to live on top of counter tops of our kitchen , and inside the stove . We wo n't set up traps that kill or harm them -LRB- we do n't believe in it , nor do we want any of our pets or kids hurt by them -RRB- , so we purchased aHavahart 1020 Live Animal Two-Door Mouse Cage Trapfrom Amazon , and set about catching the little buggers . We ended up catching a total of six of them in the trap , and utilizing this cage to hold them until we could release them back into the wild far away.This cage held up nicely . It was easy to set up , and take back down for storage . It held the mice perfectly , and there were no escapes no matter how much they chewed . At one point we had three mice in the cage , and there was plenty of room for all of them , and then some!We are very happy with this purchase , and would highly recommend it to anyone looking to keep mice in , either for pets , or for catch and release like we did . : o -RRB-
 I will probably add to this review after the cage is actually used , but I have to go ahead and give kudos for how easy it was to put together.I was a little worried when several CritterTrail reviews touched on how easy it was to crack the pieces , but honestly , if you do n't manhandle them , they slide in and out just like they are supposed to . Just make sure you press in the tabs on some pieces.The cage is small , but that is exactly why we bought it . My daughter will be putting it on a small shelf , high above the hands of her toddler brothers . However , after we added the loop-d-loop accessory kit 2 and the look-out accessory , it 's the perfect size for the 2 fancy mice that will be moving into it tomorrow.I went ahead and took out the water bottle based on the reviews here , and put one on the outside of the case . I will also be purchasing the Crittertrail external feeder , as the feeding dish is a little small for my taste.ETA : We went with one RoboHamster , and she has been living happily in the cage for about a week . LOVE this cage !! Pros :1 -RRB- Wheel makes little to no noise .2 -RRB- The sides are raised , so even with all her burrowing , no litter falls out .3 -RRB- Handle and small size makes for easy moving throughout the house .4 -RRB- Our Robohamster likes small , secure areas ... and seems to feel very at home in this small cage.Cons :1 -RRB- Original water bottle is SO leaky -LRB- I tested it -RRB- . Buy a new one right away .2 -RRB- It only has 4 holes for tubes , water , etc. ... I DO wish it had 1-2 more.Final say ? LOVE IT ! I noticed the price has gone up $ 4 since I bought it ... grab it before it goes ay higher !
 Good mouse habitat . Its perfect for a smaller animal and saves space , but i do not recomend it for a full sized hamster , gerbil or anything larger .
 I have a little robo hamster and this cage is a perfect habitat for her . The cage comes with a mini food dish -LRB- which works great for the size of robo hamsters -RRB- , a water bottle -LRB- which leaks a lot and should be replaced with bottles with anti-leakage technology -RRB- , and a wheel . The hamster especially loves the wheel , spending hours and hours playing in it every night . I also purchased the expansion kit so that the hamster will have her little room for napping and hiding .
 I bought this for my dwarf hamster , knowing i 'd be going on a trip soon . It was a lot smaller then my last cage i had , and i never planned on it being the primary cage , but , my hamster fell in love with it . So , it being a lot smaller , i was able to put it on my desk , it was a lot better then the big old yellow cage . The wheel is anything but quiet though , and the waterbottle might take some getting use too , but my little hamster got use to it easy .
 I purchased this product over a year ago as an extender cage for Super Pet CritterTrail Extreme Challenge Habitat.This cage outlasted Super Pet CritterTrail Extreme Challenge Habitat -LRB- which is horrible as it fell to pieces -RRB- . The Super Pet Critter Trail MiniTwo lasted long enough to be a hand me down to a dwarf hamster that I adopted.So far , the little bugger is loving it ! I have an external feeder on one end and a tube that goes on the other end up and down one of the top holes . He loves the water bottle.The seed , pine chips , and fluff do not escape the cage and neither has the hamster.I recommended this product .
 Hi , Hamster saga link -LRB- Super Pet CritterTrail Discovery Deluxe Habitat -RRB- We bought 4 of these cages to house our rapidly multiplying dwarf ham population -LRB- see Hamster Saga . -RRB- . Unlike its predecessor , this HAS A WHEEL , a REQUIREMENT for hams . This is a great cage , but if you have more than 1 ham , buy a larger cage like the Dazzle Habitat or the Crittertrail Discovery.So , to sum up : Pros : - AWESOME WATER BOTTLE !!!! - Good wheel , can get dirty-Handle is ever so convenientCons : - Not enough space for 2 hams-I would n't try it with a Syrian -LRB- teddy bear or golden -RRB- - Door kinda small , hard to get to hamsPie !
 Of course every one is going to have different opinions about this hamster habitat . Personally , I think its great so far . I mean I only got it like 3 days ago and my hamster seem very happy in it . I guess I will see how it goes .
 I Think The Cage Looks Small To Keep A Hamster In !
 it says it was for dwarf hamsters and mice , or could be used as a travel carrier .
 I purchased this to replace a tall standard `` starter '' hamster wire cage which was difficult to clean as it had a second level . The CritterTrail is a nice combo of wire and plastic and it 's smaller which is perfect for our single tiny hamster , Skipperdee . It was really easy to put together and looks like it 'll be easy to clean . I gave this cage 4 stars because , as other reviewers have noted , the water bottle is terrible -- extremely leaky . It has to stay in the habitat because it 's a plug but I emptied it right away and attached the old water bottle to the side of the new cage . What I 'll probably do is get a cage attachment to connect where the water bottle is now so the empty bottle wo n't take up space . The wheel is n't silent , but not too bad - it 's quieter than the old metal squeaky wheel . The handle is nice so my kids can take Skipperdee to school on Pet day and not have a gigantic cage to haul around . All in all , it fits our needs well .
 This cage is very great for hamsters as long as you attach it to another cage with a tube . Even for a dwarf hamster , it 's small ! I bought this cage for my first hamster , she was a dwarf hamster , and she was always bitting on the wires . I researched it alittle and I found that they do that when they 're bored and when they need more room . So , I bought another cage and some tubes and put them together . Now , my hamster never bits on the wire . Instead , she plays in the tubes and the houses I 'd bought for her . Another bad thing I did n't like was how small the wheel was , her back must have been hurting her because the middle of the wheel hit her back.But for a baby dwarf hamster , this cage was great . Just make sure to get another real some !
 Perfect size for my daughter 's first dwarf hamster . Easy to customize with accessory tubes and small enough to put anywhere !
 I 'm very happy with the cage . I added it onto my robo hamster 's other cage . I like the look of it and how it is put together . I also like how the bowl hooks into the cage . I do n't use the water bottle .
 I have two of these . I do n't use the water bottles , but I bought the Superpet water bottle and slipped a connector ring over the end -LRB- it takes a little bit of work -RRB- and moved it down until it fits the height of my hamsters . It fits in the hole perfectly and it 's adjustable so it works with a growing animal . The neck is bent , which helps prevent spinal injury because the hamster does n't have to bend his neck to drink . It also fills the hole very effectively . IT also works with all Crittertrail habitats . Just a helpful tip :--RRB- Downside is that there 's no front/side door to have easier access . The clips are very effective in holding the top down . BUT if you attach tubing to the ports , you need to be careful not to break the clips that hold the tubes in place . They break fairly easily . But if you do break one , you can attach a piece of tape around the outside to help keep the piece in place .
 This is an awesome little cage , that comes with a food dish , wheel , and water bottle . The water bottle does drip when being moved , however , it is fine the rest of the time . This cage is small , however , you can always get attachments to hook onto the cage like I did to make it roomier . Also , even without the attachment there is room for a little hiding hut and a few chew toys . Even with all that in there my chinese dwarf hamster still has room to roam , or hide , depending on her mood . It is also good to note that when I went to pick up my hamster , they said you could also put a normal -LRB- not dwarf -RRB- hamster in here . I would not have more than one hamster , though . It is n't hard to clean , but you will have to take the lid off to get out the wheel . All in all , a great little cage with plenty of option to expand.Pros :1 . cute2 . big enough for 1 hamster3 . comes with a food dish , wheel , and water bottle4 . has a handle for easy travel5 . able to have expansions or extras attachedCons :1 . water bottle leaks2 . room for only 1 hamster -LRB- note this is also a pro depending on your needs -RRB- 3 . have to take the lid off to get the wheel out
 I got this cage for around $ 15 on Amazon , it is too small for a primary cage , but my dwarf hamsters seem to like it as a sencondary cage . The good things about it are the low cost , the wheel for dwarf hamsters or mice , good ventalation , two tube connectors on the bottom and one on top . There is no issue connecting to another cage . It comes with a water bottle that can leak if it moves around ; this is a disadvanage for traveling . Besides the water bottle this is a good cage to transport a small pet in . The low wire around the cage leads to a lot of bedding falling out of the cage.If you can get this cage for cheap enough it is a good value and a good sencondary cage with good connection possibilities and a good wheel . The cage size is approximatly 7.5 `` x11 '' . A little smaller than a piece of paper and about 80 square inches . By itself this is about 50 % of the size that one dwarf hamster needs . This cage is a poor primary cage but a good sencondary cage , or traveling cage . Just remove the water bottle when traveling .
 I love this habitat , and so does my Roborovski dwarf Hamster . It 's small enough for her and has enough ports to add all of her tubes . The handle is very handy for traveling ! The only downside I 've noticed with this product is that with excessive use of tube removal the tabs and the wheel thing can , and do , break . Not a deal breaker to me , stuff breaks when you over use it . I threw the wheel away and bought a new one.Super Pet CritterTrail Snap-On Comfort Wheelwe bought is way quieter , cheap , and more fun anyway.Habitat arrived promptly and in excellent condition .
 This is a great cage for our 2 mice . We had a difficult time finding an all inclusive cage for mice . I was opposed to using an aquairum but did n't want a large hamster cage . This is the perfect cage for a mouse or robo/dwarf hamster . It would also make for a decent travel cage for a larger hamster . There 's a peg which the food dish slides onto , which helps prevent it from being pushed around the cage . There are 4 holes which can be linked to other cages/accessories . The wheel is the right size from a small mouse/hamster but probably not a good size for a large hamster . So far it does n't look like the water bottle is going to leak . In essence I am thrilled with this cage , especially for the price we paid vs what we were expecting to spend for the cage and accessories . This turned out to be much cheaper than buying an aquarium + water bottle + wheel + food dish . If you 're traveling , this cage can be disassembled to be a completely flat case .
 I had bought this cage at the store where we purchased his hamsters . When I saw this was less than $ 15 , I ordered a second one from amazon . I figured it would be easier for my 8 year old to just transfer them from cage to cage and then cleaning the empty one and having it ready for when the other needs changed . My son likes that it has the portable handle so he can take them from room to room . My only complaint is that his hamsters seem to want to party at 4am every morning and I end up hearing the wheel going around like crazy : -RRB-
 This little cage is so cute and the perfect size for any Robo , Russian , Chinese , Winter White or mouse . I was surprised to find the water bottle actually works quite well . Usually the bottles with little habitats like these are total garbage that either leaks constantly or wo n't let any water out . I can only think of one thing that I 'd like to change on this and that is ease of cleaning . Do n't get me wrong , it is by no means extremely hard but it does get irritating . There is really nothing that keeps the sides together when you take the bottom off to dump and wash so it all falls apart and you have to snap everything back together once done . I have another Critter trail cage that holds together and the bottom snaps off making cleaning the easiest thing ever . Other than that this cage is perfect IMO and for the price I could n't pass it up .
 This is a good cage just small . We like it , it is an awesome traveling cage and temporary home.My three dwarf hamsters liked it for the three days they lived in it.There is only one negetive and that is that it has only one opening to get the hamsters , but you can pretty much always reach them.The wheel is small , but good and fits in any other cage . It is a hair noisey though.Overall , this is a good traveling cage and temporary home . : -RRB-
 This is a good cage if you can get if for the price that Amazon is selling it . Unfortunately I payed more in stores . This cage is 5 pieces that fit pretty loosely together . It is a good home for Pinto or Robo Hamsters 2in or less . I have an outhouse attached to one of the two side holes . The water bottle should probable be replaced . It just has a open hole unlike the water bottles that have a ball that does not leak . The wheel pretty loud too . I recomend the silent wheel . It 's so quiet ! Anyways this is a good cage for the price .
 i just bought this for my daughter 's hamster and they both liked , my daughter likes to go out with her hamster . i just put it four stars because of the water thing , that does n't work well so i 'm going to buy her the water appliance later on ...
 I got this cage so I could have more room for my hamster . Using the Superpet Fun-nels I was able to connect this to my other cage . This cage is great , I like it better because it is more eye-leveled for your hamster \ gerbil \ mouse . I was able to put toys in this cage and they all fit , I love it ! I got a different color than the one shown . I ordered from amazon and I got blue and yellow . Also this is NOT called the Crittertrail Mini One its actually the Superpet Carry & Go . But their is no difference but it has a really nice carrying handel . It also comes with a nice little waterbottle and a food dish that you can lock onto the cage . Overall nice cage !!!! I would totally recommend it ! , home ,
 The cage was great for taking our hamsters on vacation with us . The cage was small and easily fit on the floor of the back seat in out car . The only draw back is since the cage is small none of our wheels could fit inside . So we brought their balls along and they recieved their exercise in the ball everyday . Loved the convience of having this cage now to transport our hamsters places . When we got home connected to our other cage for more room for our hamsters to run around in .
 This was a starter cage for my daughter 's hamster . We have since gotten an larger cage and attached the two together . It is a nice set up and having the two cages makes changing the bedding alot easier on our buddies . We also plan to use this cage as our travel cage when we have to move . Very handy .
 I have read some reviews about how the superpet critter cages are small but hamsters would rather have 2-3 small cages connected with funnels -LRB- the fun tunnels by super critter -RRB- than a one 20 gallon tank.I bought one double decker superpet critter cage , 3 packs of funnels and this cage and viola , my hamsters love it.Its so much fun to watch them go through all these tunnels , you could just sit and watch them for hours -LRB- if you have time -RRB- . Rex and buttercup -LRB- my 2 long hair hamsters -RRB- , Alex -LRB- my 9 year old -RRB- and I love the super pet critter habitage system : D
 I purchased this cage to add to a larger cage and the burrowing maze . It 's too small to be the main cage but works great as an add-on . I use it to feed and provide water to our hamster and she keeps it pretty clean . The only downside is I use duck tape to hold the connectors and dome on because I do n't feel they are secure enough on their own .
 I bought this to attach to my larger cage to give my gerbils more room . It is very simple , and serves the purpose of being an extra space for them to cozy up in nicely . I would not recommend this as either a primary cage or a travel cage , however . It is far too small -LRB- with no added entertainment , or even a wheel -RRB- to be a primary habitat , and it is not sturdy enough to move around much .
 secure , the handle holds nicely and my hamster has n't escaped or anything . Over all a lovely cage.Would definitely recommend .
 Great travel cage ! I bought this for my cousin 's Birthday gift and did n't realize how small it really was although its size it is a great sturdy cage and was especially great for the price . Seller was awesome and I would recommend this to anyone ! Although the water bottle that does come with the cage is a little bit crappy so you might wan to check into a different one everything else is pretty awesome and well worth the price .
 When I went to college , I wanted a pet . So we got two gerbils . We had an old tank that worked well , but they were getting bored . So with connector tubes already purchased , we bought this.It was great . We put it on top of the tank and put their food there . They kicked a bit of the bedding out , but no longer were they covering their food with the bedding.It 's perfect for two small gerbils , if they have more room to run around . They chewed the bars but they 're sturdy enough it did nothing . It took them a bit to understand how to get into it , but once they did they were there most of the day .
 My daughter loved this her hampster could go on sleepovers to grandmas with her . but the hampster chewed through it any way . great for the money but thoughs animals can just chew through anything .
 I have a 25 lb . mutt with some Jack Russell terrier who likes to run -- a lot . This attachment is MUCH safer than trying to ride a bike with a leash . If she needs to take off after a squirrel and I have n't sped up fast enough to distract her , the plastic disk breaks off and we 're both saved from crashing . Of course you have to be vigilant about traffic , other dogs , etc. , but it 's a great way to give the dog more exercise when you do n't feel like getting exhausted yourself . I highly recommend the Springer and was disappointed to learn that my local bike shop stopped carrying it . Thank heaven for the internet !
 Well I tried out the bike leash this afternoon , for a quick trip around a nearby park . It was a pain mount and wo n't be easy to switch from bike to bike without a clamp for each bike - then it would be very easy to take on and off . Buford did n't seem to mind it much . It comes with a harness and says not to attach to collar but to the harness which was a little disconcerting to Buford and I since all we ever use is a collar . But I did n't wind up in the dirt . We did see a dog in the distance and he looked but did n't charge . as he ran he was tugging/leaning on the harness but it was n't hard to balance . I took some quick changes of direction and turning to the right with him on the left would kind of tug if he was n't paying attention but it was n't difficult to hold steady and keep turning . So no news on what would happen if he took a lunge after a rabbit . But I felt rather secure and balance , more so than when holding the leash from the handlebars . I think I 'd have enough time to rebalance or stop quick and reprimand the dog without going flying . Might not work well with a very novice or insecure rider and/or wild dog Unless you were a very experience rider . Then it would be one heck of a good way to wear that wild dog out and get him/her behaving better . If you are expecting them too pull or lunge at something , I 'm betting it would n't be hard to buckle down and drag the dog along until they started following again . Cons for the item - hard to set up , clip that connected rope to dog was cheap and broke trying to clip it to the harness and so replaced with a keychain carabiner , would be hard to switch to multiple bikes without another bracket for each bike . So by more than one if there are multiple bikes in use . Also , unless you have an upright seat post -LRB- which I think most bikes do n't they are all at an angle -RRB- then this device will not be perpendicular to the ground as seen in the pictures but at a little bit of an angle . Pros - it worked !! And now I can ride hands off the leash . It is weird looking but I like it . And I think it should be far better than the previous method of biking leash in had . As other reviewers you need to be very aware of your surroundings , and what you dog is checking out . Try to spot the rabbit before they do so you can be ready . You ca n't tune things out like when you are alone .
 I have had a Springer for three years now and ca n't imagine life without it ! I have a very athletic Brittany and we do circuits of five to 15 miles on the bike . He loves to pull and generally does all the work for the first 30 minutes.This is the safest way there is to run a dog off a bike . HOWEVER ... this product was $ 49.95 when I bought it three years ago ; since then the distributor had changed and it is $ 79.99 on the -LSB- ... -RSB- website . How this vendor can get away with asking $ 149 is beyond me ! My advice
 The Springer is a great product for running your dog but watch out on this seller . You can get the springer from springer 's website for $ 48 dollars and other stores . I 've seen it local for $ 80 -LRB- which is claimed to be the msrp -RRB- but the price here is simply a rip off . Sad ...
 We 've had our Springer for over 15 years . This allowed us to execise our high energy bird dog quickly and safely on a daily basis . If you have a dog who needs to run , this is a life saver ! Our dog would get to run hard and we were able to cover miles in a matter of minutes . The time it takes to properly set up and learn to use is minimal compared to the benefits .
 My first try with this was pretty disastrous . About 2 minutes into the ride my dog -LRB- 50lb shephered mix -RRB- pulled hard and the springer twisted so I went back home and fixed it/tightened it . After it twisting several times I replaced the plastic pieces provided with a skid proof placemat that I cut up to fit properly . That fixed it . I also added slightly longer rope , short enough so that my dog could n't run infront of the bike , but slightly longer so that it was n't pulling on him all of the time . I also replaced the plastic clip . . it came off of his harness several times . I also added a rubber band around the metal loop on the end of the spring , to prevent the plastic safety piece from coming off . For some reason whenver we turned the plastic piece would end up on the of the other side of the loop -LRB- right where you put it on -RRB- , and if he pulled it would come right off . With all of the adjustments its great . We use it every day , he pulls a lot at squirrels , people etc , but has never pulled me down . I got it for $ 60 refurbished from Backcountry K9 and it was well worth it .
 I 've been using this item for 4 years now , and as my pack has grown from one dog to now three -LRB- two shepherd crosses and a rottweiller cross - all hyper -RRB- , I 've kept right on using it without missing a beat . The boys absolutely love it - they get so excited when I get the bike , one of them literally jumps for joy!I 've had no issues with the quality or function of the item ; it installed easily , has needed no maintenance or repairs , and has exceeded expectations . The only advice I would add to the use of this , is instead of using the plastic clips that come with it , I attach my boys ' leashes to the device with carbiners , which works great , and can obviously withstand more abuse than I would expect the plastic things to.Best of all , I can give my fellas all the exercise they want and need -LRB- which is a lot -RRB- even with minimal effort , if I 'm too tired for a walk . A casual pedal will still give them a good jog . Plus , my pack love to chase cats and wild animals , and when we 're biking , I have more control over them , and am more secure myself than on foot , with leashes in my hand . Nobody ever seems to believe it , but if we come across cats or deer , I 'd rather have my boys on this item and me on the bike , than walking leash in hand any day . They simply respect the pack leader more while running . I use this every single day -LRB- weather permitting -RRB- , and will continue to do so for as long as I have dogs -LRB- forever -RRB- .
 If you have an active dog and you like to ride a bike , this is the ticket for you and your dog . Both of you will get fit and have alot of fun doing it . I use to run my dog with a leash on my bike and we crashed a couple of times . Never again , with the springer you have both hands on the handle bars and your dog is secure by your side . Have fun Tigger and I sure do . Take care Scott
 This lead barely pulls the rider even with a 60lbs dog in full run . I have used it now for several weeks . My dog picked it up in no time ! I highly recommend a harness with an over the back attachment point if you 're buying this product .
 The springer has made biking with my dog very easy . She gets a great work out and I get a worry free trip , no pulling of my bike where I do n't want it to go and I always have my hands free to steer , shift etc. . If you want to bike with your dog , I highly recommend this product .
 Yes it is more expensive than other dog bike attachment products but it 's the only one that works properly and is enjoyable and safe to use . I have tried 2 others and the most important difference is that the others either did n't flex enough -LRB- tension was too tight and could not be practically asjusted -RRB- and/or posed a significant injury risk to my dog . Example the Springer wo n't impale your dog if you get in an accident or fall over - the Walkie-Dog though much cheaper is a straight solid metal bar that would land with my full weight directly into my dog if I fell over to his side . I 'm not exaggerating - it is very dangerous so be aware . My dog loves going for his Springer run every day and because it flexes properly I barely feel him attached to the bike .
 I 've had one of these for several years . Even though there are some things about it that could be better , I still give it 5 stars . First of all , I would NOT use that cheap rope and plastic clips that come with it . I think mine even came with a cheap harness too , would n't use that either . I do n't think they 'd hold a large dog very well . I put a mushing harness on my dog and use a heavy duty carabiner from a hardware store . Also , this will not fit on some bike frames , especially women 's comfort style bikes that have a short seat post . And if your dog gets really excited about something it can pull you off balance so you need to pay attention to that while you 're riding and be prepared for it . Finally , I remove it from my bike when I 'm not running my dogs . I take the cotter pin out and just take the arm off and leave the clamp on . A better design would make it easier to remove the arm -LRB- something easier to remove than a cotter pin -RRB- . All that said , I do love this product . I have siberian huskies and just simple walking does not satisfy them . They really do need some running now and then and I ca n't keep up with them so this springer arm takes care of their needs and mine .
 It all depends how well trained your dog is and how smart . It helps if your dog can heel , etc. . Start in an open area with no distractions .
 I have two dog-aggressive rescue dogs that were not getting their exercise because they were so difficult to walk . I bought this product -LRB- elsewhere -RRB- but am very pleased with it . I do try to stay very aware when I am biking them -LRB- walking one of them I have become completely airborne I have been yanked so hard - so that helps me pay attention ! -RRB- . Also I want to make sure the dog is comfortable , so I monitor the tautness of the attachment . When we go near another dog and there is a problem I bike a bit faster to maintain control.I think this is a wonderful product - but yes , you should absolutely stay aware of your surroundings and your dog . -LRB- Sorry to hear that the other reviewer had such a bad time of it . -RRB-
 I 've used a springer for the last 6 years or so . Overall it works well , keeping the dog out of harm 's way and giving you good control . The clamp construction is heavy stamped steel - once it is correctly mounted , you do n't want to take it off and on regularly . I bought an extra seatpost and saddle for my bike just to keep the springer mounted on.You need to pay attention to you dog as it is easy to run them too hard - the only time we 've crashed was when I over-exerted the dog and he took a hard turn away from me to go to a pond.Much much safer than messing around with a leash . Be aware of your dog and the environment and you 'll be safe .
 With two Alaskan Malamutes , there is no way I could properly exercise them each day without this product . At a slow pace they can practice proper gait for the show ring and at a faster pace they can burn up some of that extra energy . If you have dogs that love -LRB- and were bred -RRB- to pull like I do , they can pull to their hearts content . Initially I ran them separately but since the springer allows for switching the unit from one side to the other , I bought a second and now run them together . They enjoy being out together and it saves time.Although some pictures show using the unit without a leash , I would advise against that . If you have a big dog you need to be able to control it if a rabbit or other critter runs out of the brush . I use a short leash about 3 foot long on each dog.Also I was not happy with the method of hooking the dogs up . Instead each dog wears a Distance Harness from Howling Dog Mushing Supplies -LSB- ... -RSB- I use a brass double ended bolt snap to hook from the harnesses to the springer .
 We love this product ! Use common sense with this item though - you do still have your dog attached to you - you ca n't expect to bike completely normal as you would by yourself . I rode a little milder than I normally would and you ca n't be daydreaming - but it is still the safest way to ride with your dog . I found that having a whistle worked to keep my dog 's attention when he was distracted by people or other dogs .
 Downsized from a much larger , free standing , cage for my parrotlet . It still was very roomy , came with a lot of attachments and is much easier to maintain . It was simple to put together . I have had it for several months now without any problems .
 Cages like this sell for so much more at petsmart and petco and this quality is amazing . I 've had this cage for months and have had no problems . All the toys inside are cute . Its just great all around . My bird LOVES the mirror with the beads . Amazing purchase .
 Good looking clean line cage . I have 2 parakeets and they love it . Plenty of room and toys they like to play with . A great purchase .
 our teil loves this cage ! It is sturdy , and for the price a great value ! I have seen cages in stores for more then this one is priced !!!!
 I have used just about every bio media out there - with over 30 years of fish keeping . For nearly 3 years I 've used Seachum Matrix in my 30 gallon tank with spectacular results . I just bought the 1 gallon bucket and filled a Fluval Fx5 for my 210 gallon tank I just setup . Great stuff , I use it in conjunction with another Seachum product - Purigen . Purigen will make your water crystal clear and the Matrix will filter out the rest . Matrix gets rid of nitrates too - something most other bio media does n't . Do yourself a favor and buy Matrix and Purigen for your filter -LRB- I get purigen in the 100ml bag on amazon -RRB- . My fish look like they are floating in mid air ! Oh , and my 210 completely cycled in 3 to 4 days - amazing stuff .
 When I first took a look in person of Seachems Matrix Bio Media it really just looks like porus pummice rocks . My bucket was filled with all different sizes from 1/4 inch all the way up to 1 1/4 inch . It doesnt look like they sorted out all the rocks in my 4 liter bucket thoroughly as it seems there is a few assorted rocks in there . Some of the assorted other rocks look like plain grey garden/road gravel , some red gravel , some jet black non porus rock resembling obsidian , and other weird rocks that made it in my bucket . Not a big deal though since the `` other '' rocks were few and far inbetween . The matrix seems to be doing its job fine and I really like the bucket that the 4 liter Matrix comes in LOL.There is a little discrepancy though . If you find their article -LRB- Google or Bing -RRB- on how great they are -LRB- they did their own independant studies -RRB- , and how much better they are than the other products such as Eheim Substrat Pro . They have their surface area listed way higher than what they list on the packaging . The packaging lists Matrix as having 170 square feet of surface area per liter , while Substrat Pro lists their surface area as 450 meters squared per liter!That makes Eheim Substrat Pro the clear winner with 4,843.75968765 square feet of surface area for bio bacteria to colonize . Though online in their article they say they have 10 to 20 times the surface area of Eheim substat pro ? You can even find listings where they say they have ~ 700 meters squared of surface area per liter . Which surface area per liter for matrix is the correct listing ? Very confusing -LRB- are they trying to confuse and trick us into buying their product ? -RRB- . It works fine though and is much cheaper than Eheim substrat pro . I still like substat pro better because they have ONE listing for their surface area per liter and it looks much cooler -LRB- like KIX cereal -RRB- . Matrix honestly is just a bunch of porous pummice rocks ... but they work fine .
 Product works great in my 40 gallon sump for my 300 gallon aquarium . Keeps all nitrates at 0 so far .
 Used this for fish less cycle , and was surprised how quick the cycle was finished.Ammonia gone in 8 - 12 hours . Highly recommend .
 This review is meant for both Seachem 's Stability and Seachem 's Matrix.I helped my son set up his 120 gallon African cichlid tank . We went through about 5 or 6 different filters and settled on an Eheim . From what we had learned from our research on tank setups we had understood that the filter media , once properly colonized , will remove ammonia and nitrites from the water but will not remove nitrates -LRB- ammonia gets converted by one kind of bacteria in the filter to nitrites and in turn another kid of bacteria will convert the nitrites into nitrates -RRB- . The only way to reduce the nitrate levels is by either having live plants or even better , periodic water changes . We were also told that if we have a deep enough substrate then after about 6 months or so , if we get lucky , deep in the substrate will develop a bacterial colony that will help reduce the nitrates.As I continued my research I stumbled on to the Seachem web site . I was impressed by the specs of their Matrix product . It claimed to be able to support bacteria that will eliminate nitrates from the water . Great ! Now all I have to do is buy this filter media , wait six months and I 'm all set . Not only that , but from what I 've read on the Internet , it could take up to two whole months for the ammonia and nitrites eating bacteria to properly develop.Well , luck for me , I found the Stability product . I added both the Matrix filter media and Stability to my setup -LRB- Stability needs to be added to the water on a daily basis for one week -RRB- and tested the water after one week . I was pleasantly surprised to see that the ammonia and nitrites levels had dropped down to 0 ! My son was telling me not to bother testing for nitrates because it 's guaranteed that they 'll be there . I tested anyway and guess what ? Zero!This works like magic !
 Hamsters love the run at the top of this cage . I bought two kind of small for more than one pet .
 Looks like there is LOTS of different opinions on this cage . This cage is awesome , but make sure you do n't mind the maintenance of it . It can take an hour to thoroughly clean it when the time comes because of all the pieces . $ 25 is an excellent price on it , by the way . It 's roomy enough for two hamsters , and it 's an awesome cage to attach to other ones . I like that you can take the top little carrier out so you can see them better , but watch out b/c they will try to come up the tube while it 's out and then nothing is there for them to go in to ! LOL ! Yes , the poop gathers on the round part underneath the wheel , but it does n't bother me -LRB- would you rather it gather IN the wheel ?! YUCK ! -RRB- Atleast there is a platform to catch it . It does n't go everywhere in my opinion . It falls onto the piece underneath which I think it 's made to do . I do a through cleaning once a week so it 's not too bad . My hamsters -LRB- Winter Whites -RRB- have n't attempted to nest in the wheel , but they do eat up there which is cute . They love the winding slide . We also love to open the top carrier and pet them when they 're in there , but be careful b/c they try to get out ! One of the bottom of the clips was already broken when we first got the cage out of the box - they seem kind of flimsy . All in all , you have to decide if it 's worth the maintenance to you to have a cool cage like this . You have to get use to taking the cage apart and putting it back together . When you 're taking the cage apart and putting it back together , we got scared we were going to break it because it feels kind of flimsy , but we got the hang of it & nothing else has broken . We like it , but we also own less complicated , `` wire , cages too . This is our one `` cool '' cage . The hamsters and kids really enjoy this cage so it 's worth it to us . And their 's endless possibilities as to what you can attach to it or attach it to !!
 Basically , the only issue I have with this cage is the difficulty in cleaning . Pieces have to be taken off , and taken apart in order to properly clean . Otherwise , its a great home for your little critter . My daughter 's hamster does make a bed in the wheel , but he also cleans it out when he 's ready to excersise ! And yes , the wheel CAN be messy , as it does scatter some excrement while in use ... but being committed to the clean up is just part of owning a pet !
 From reading the negative posts I am finding some interesting complaints . Your hamster/gerbil uses the wheel as a toilet . Of course it does ! Your critter will use everything as a toilet . Especially it 's dropping . Urine is more likely to be contained to certain areas , but not any specific -LRB- or easy to clean -RRB- spot . This is natural and normal . Small animals are not aware of their droppings . And since they 're herbivores , their droppings are fertilizer for what grows around them . So you certainly ca n't gripe about that as a product flaw!This cage has been very fun for my little guys . They dont ' nest in their wheel , I find my campbell is a huge nester , my robos not so much.As for cleaning , it 's pretty simple . I do n't feel the cage top is easy to reattach and does n't feel super secure . For cleaning I take the wheel apart , into it 's two halves and clean it with vinegar.VINEGAR REMOVES SMALL ANIMAL URINE ! Let me repeat this , in case you missed that . Vinegar easily removes that icky , weird , urine grime that forms everywhere your little guy -LRB- or girl -RRB- decides to do their business . It 's that base vs acid type of science . It completely dissolves it , no fingernails required . And vinegar is cheap.So my cage , after several months , still works great and is nice and clean . I recently put in another wheel from an expansion pack so that my two kiddos would n't fight and scramble over who got to run . This wheel is actually wide enough so that they can run side by side . Which is all fun and games until someone stops abruptly and the other goes sailing over them * grins * I would n't recommend this cage for a standard hamster , but for dwarves it seems to be a good fit.The wheel is very quiet if you dab a little vegetable oil on it 's contact points . But be aware very active hamsters -LRB- like robos -RRB- are still run it to death and it 's gon na make noise .
 -LSB- ... -RSB- This cage cost 50 dollars at the door at the local pet store , Only 30 dollars free shipping here , The hamster loves it , The wheel can make a little noise at night , Hamsters are nocturnal so they love the night , However this case comes with a easy way to remove and cap the wheel , For any light sleepers out there , Definently a great deal & product .
 This is an amazing cage ! We were so excited to see our Mouse running in his new wheel . -LRB- My kids had n't realized it ran on the track ! -RRB- It 's a great size to add little houses and cardboard tubes inside . Overall , I was impressed with the price and the product . Shipping was also extremely quick . Also , it really does glow :-RRB- . Just make sure to leave it in ample light for a few hours .
 This is the best cage I 've purchased . We have 2 hamsters living in it and they both seem to love it . You can add things to it to make it bigger . It is the taj mahal of hamster cages
 My dwarf hammies seem to enjoy this cage , they get plenty of excersize and theres lots to keep them entertained . I also like that it has extra holes so you can add on to it if you want to . I love the petting zone on top . . My hammies like to sleep up there . I havent had it very long but I havent had any problems with the wheel yet . My hammies havent gotten in it a whole lot yet . But over all this is a good cage and Im happy with it . It was a very good price . Definetly satisfied . * For the people that have a problem with their hammies nesting in the wheel , maybe you could try to make them another nesting area to discourage the nesting in the wheel . I buy the cottony fluff stuff and put it in the petting zone on top . . And they also have a little wooden house in the bottom . I hope this helps .
 This is a newer version of a cage I had before . The new design is very well thought out . There are lots of ways to keep the critter entertained and it is much easier to keep clean . The only negative is the water bottle is very tight and I always feel like I am going to break something when I get it out .
 I like the cage and it is cool and pretty and everything but why do they try to make it look cool or fancy ? i mean what up with the will having some round thing around it !? is that wheel ment for spinning around when your little critter goes on the wheel ?! will it make your hamster dizzy ?! well think the slide is way better than the hamster tubes ! but i hope it is is for them to climb . but anyway i am worried if get this cage for my sweet dwarf hamster Mini , wll she get dizzy from the wheel !? i hope NOT ! well any way does it have room for a hamster dome and another wheel ? hope so ... please respond !!! : > thank you i like the price not too high but i hope it does . but i might get this cage but i will still be looking for more cages . and just too tell you i dont care about what type of color a hamster cage is , or how pretty it is , i just care about if my hamster likes it and if it is good quality . thanks amazon and other coments you helped a lot . BYE !!! : -RRB-
 i am very satisfied about this product in terms of quality price & delivery timei advise all the people to buy it , its perfect
 the cage is great except for the wheel it squeeks really loud . and the wheel also rattles a lot during the night
 The Super Pet Critter Trail worked out great . It was easy to put together and not a pain to clean . The only thing we would change is the water bottle.It 's a weird shape and drips but other than that we love thecage !!
 Fast shipping ... good product ! No problems at all ! Cage is great for kids . Top section is a small box so you do n't have to open the whole cage . Makes it easy to clean .
 My gerbils are named Acorn and Snowflake , and this is their favorite CritterTrail.It does stink if you do n't clean it enough , but mine mostly just stinks when they push the bedding out of the petting zone and use it for a toilet . If your hamsters/gerbils/mice do the same thing , just do n't open the petting zone ! If you do , it 'll make the whole room stink.If you do n't like it when they kick the bedding out , just cut a box so it 's a taller than the plastic bottom and the bedding will just go in there . -LRB- Mostly , anyway . Unless your pets pile it up all against the side . -RRB- Besides , cages with bars and plastic like this are better for rodents . They can breathe better this way.I agree with the other person who gave this cage a good review . When they use the wheel , the poop only goes on the track . It could be worse.My gerbils love the wheel . They do n't build nests in it , although everyone else says their hamsters do . -LRB- Maybe hamsters do that but gerbils do n't ? Maybe you should only get it for gerbils then . I do n't know . Maybe my gerbils are just different . -RRB- If you are n't looking for a perfect cage with no problems , then I would n't recommend this . But if you want a nice cage that your pets will like , then you should try a Crittertrail . If you do n't like that , you can buy an aquarium and put a SAM Toob-a-Top on it . Acorn and Snowflake , my gerbils , liked that , too , but they have their Crittertrails again -LRB- two of them , anyway -RRB- because they seem to like these better.Also , Carefresh brand bedding seems to be better for them than Aspen shavings , even though it 's a little expensive . My gerbils ran away from me when they had the Aspen kind , but we changed it back to Carefresh and they began to run up to the cage door when I came , and they are much more tame and fun now .
 I own both the CritterTrail Extreme Challenge Habitat and the CritterTrail Z and they both function splendidly!Now , I only wrote this review to chime in with a different note than the very popular ` messy ' quote that circles these colorful cage products.Yes , hamsters make messes , and so does any pet , cage or not.You ca n't give this cage a bad review cause your hamster is what it is.Any cage is going to get messy , and they are going to pee wherever they feel like.Another common subject
 If you take proper care of your hamster , this home will be great for your little friend . In terms of what the other reviewers said , you just have to take proper precautions.For instance , my buddy , one night , when he was getting used to the CritterTrail X , also built a nest in the exercise wheel . Well , I want him to be comfortable , but he needs his exercise ! For his own sake , I sucked up the bedding from that spot with the vaccuum , and he has n't tried it since . Your hamster may need more coaxing to stop this behavior . Now , poop and pee does fall through the holes in the wheel onto the track below , but hamsters are gross that way , so do n't blame the house for the occupant 's apathy ! At least they were smart enough to build it so the disgustingness will go on the track and not anything else.I do n't know what the other person was talking about in terms of it being `` hard to clean '' . You 've got to vaccuum out the soiled bedding every day or two , and wash the whole thing about once a week . Of course it will stink if you 're gross and do n't tend to it . I got my hamster as a roommate , though , and not a piece of meat for another pet , so maybe I just do n't mind being reasonable . I also do n't see why it would break easily ... it seems sturdy enough to me , though I partially melted one using drying heat in the dishwasher , and had to get another . That was the first time I ever used a dishwasher , though , and had no idea how to tend to it.Anyways , this house provides a decent amount of room for a hamster when you 're unable let him or her play outside of it , and it just looks cool too . The wheel and slide are neat , as is the two-story nature of the thing . There 's enough room to take melted pieces of a second one and put them inside for extra climbing fun . Highly recommended .
 I 'm a middle aged adult and purchased a hamster as an office desk buddy . This cage is a perfect size for that purpose and it 's fun watching him run down the slide and build nests everywhere -LRB- yes , including the wheel -RRB- ! But I figure the idea is to keep him -LRB- and me -RRB- entertained , so let him build a nest wherever he likes -LRB- including the porta potty -RRB- . I am online looking to buy a wheel from one of the other models so he will have a regular wheel inside since he apparently thinks the higher wheel makes a better bed than anywhere else . This cage certainly looks better than a 10 gallon aquarium or some wire cage , and at least you can buy replacement parts which you will probably need to do if you have children taking parts on and off very often . I will say it is a little difficult to maneuver cleaning without taking the whole cage apart , but I like the other persons idea of vacuming it out , then can just wipe with damp cloth , just make sure your hamster is not in the cage when you run the vacume ! I think it 's neat and fun for `` kids '' of all ages and makes the hamster happy too !
 I like the cage part with the access box at the top and the spiral ramp . It 's made well overall . The hamsters love the wheel and it is quiet , BUT because of the air holes and its being on top of the cage outside the pan it 's a mess . The kids call it the poop sprayer . We removed the wheel and added tubes .
 I have had no problems with this cage and our hamsters LOVE the curly slide ! They run up and down , playing with each other . This is the first time I 've owned hamsters and asked a lot of questions before buying two . First off we bought two cages , to give them plenty of room to roam . Also , we made sure we had huts for them to rest and hide in , soft cotton to use for bedding and plenty of chew toys ... . I will admit it is a pain to have to disassemble the whole cage for cleaning , BUT I want the whole cage to be cleaned ! Luckily , our hamsters have decided to do their pooping in the box on the top of the cage , making it very easy to clean .
 As an impulse buy I got three Fancy Mice , and bought a regular critter trail starter cage . After complaining that the one I had was too small for all three my husband bought me this one for an early Christmas present . I absolutely love the fact that it attaches to other cages with the use of `` Fun-nels '' which I did . My only issue was the wheel attached to the top . Because they are mice , they poop and pee in there . Luckily the track catches MOST of it , but some does fall onto the top of the cage . So I pretty much had to clean it one day , I got tired of cleaning it so I just removed it and put a cap on the hole , BAD idea because they decided to use the one that is IN the other cage I have attached , which is a plastic wheel attached to the side , it basically sounded like someone was banging plastic together . So I caved and washed the wheel and put it back because it is much quieter than a regular wheel , personally I would rather clean the wheel daily than listen to that at 3am . I also love the petting zone , which my mice have started to use as a nest , which by the way most pets probably will so I highly recommend putting bedding in it , instead of leaving it clear , I did that and it reeked , but I just put some bedding and fluffing paper and it quickly solved the smell problem . I love it because they have two different cages to explore , and a different area for each activity they wish to do . I plan on buying more Crittertrail cages to expand my two .
 My 10 year old daughter bought this cage for her new hamster . We love it . Her hamster is often in the `` petting zone '' which my daughter uses frequently . Lucy the hamster loves the wheel . After two weeks , Lucy had 5 babies -LRB- Be careful of that ! -RRB- We took the slide off because Lucy made a nest in the wheel and carried the babies to it . We were worried they would fall out . When the babies got bigger , we also removed the slide because they were climbing to the top with their eyes still closed . Now they are 3 weeks and everything is back in place . It is hilarious to watch all 6 of them crowd into the wheel for a family trip around the track . I know Lucy will be happy to have her cage back to herself . I will be buying another one for my son so he can keep one of the babies . I have recommended it to those who will be taking a baby as well.The only con is the poop in the wheel . That can be a pain to clean but all in all it is a great product , great design , and fun for the kids !
 Cleaning is a snap . The wheel is silent and kids love helping with the cleaning because they enjoy putting the puzzle back together ! It 's simple assembly !
 So I bought two dwarf hamsters and bought them a cage . . But after a month they had to separate so I looked at Amazon and saw this AMAZING . So I bought it and my hamster loved it even though she didnt find the wheel until 2 days she Loves it . She especially loves the petting zone GRRRRRREAT !! Everthing is awesome with this cage . . I HIGHLY RECCOMEND IT !!!!!!!!!!!!!
 I would recomend this product to anyone ... we got this for my daughter who is 10 for her first hamster . It was easy to assemble , and is very easy to clean , and her hamster seems very happy with it as well . Only down side is when the silly hamster stuffs her cheeks full of food and then spits it out in her wheel and tries to run , the sound is not pleasing but the sight of the hamster trying to run in a wheel full of food very funny . The best thing for me though was the price In stores I found this same item for just at $ 50 !!!
 A little background on me . I 've had Russians , Winter Whites , Robos , Syrians , and Puddings . At one point I had about 15 dwarf hamsters , from breeding . Most of my baby hammies I gave back to my local pet store . The pet shop loved my hammies . They were tame and ready to be handled , and they were very healthy . People loved my hammies.Here is what you should know about this cage
 My hamsters seem to love this cage , my kids love seeing them go to the top level and opening it to pet them or feed them
 My sisters friend got this cage and is very pleased with it . She read the reviews , and did not care at all about them.Her winter white hamster is now living in it and loves it very much .
 I have not had a problem w / the critter chewing his way out , It was easy to put together w / minimal reference to the instructions .
 Arrived fast and in great shape.Happy hamster , great fun for children and adults too.Easy to assemble and hamster really enjoys the wheel.Colorful and nice to look at .
 This is my daughters first hamster cage . I put it together which was really easy and kids can help . The hamsters seem to love it . Lots of little places they can hide and go . At night they can go into the wheel at the top for some running and we purchased some of the critter accessories to add and expand . Good price for what you get .
 I bought this habitat because the price was right and there was a lot to the product with the wheel on top and the option of attachments . I really like this product but I do have dislikes . The walk up , twisted ramp does n't attach to anything else anywhere else so that 's basically the only place you can put it . Also , the wheel carriage above wo n't connect to any other port or any other attachment tube so it also has to be in that one place that one particular way . Also , the top lid does n't stay down properly and keeps lifting up . But the fact I can attach other tubes and cubicles to it is why I bought it . If I would have known that the ramp and wheel carriage would not attach anywhere else then I probably would not have bought it . I will continue to research different habitats for dwarf hamsters which can have more climbing challenges than the larger breeds .
 This product would be wonderful if it was n't for the very flimsy plastic . The wheel on the one I got broke during shipping and had to be sent back . The design is wonderful though and my hamster , Linus , really loved it when we put him in it to let him look around for a bit . It almost looks too small for my Teddy bear/Syrian hamster , but he did n't really seem to mind , and squeezed through everything easily enough . I 'd recommend this product , just be warned that it may have been broken in shipping ; this seems to be a common thing with this cage . Once you get a good one you should be golden , however . I guess we 'll just have to wait until the new one comes - I intend to order the Habitrail Ovo Den to go along with it , just in case the Linus decides to make his ` nest ' inside the wheel . Messes of that size are very difficult to clean up after once it flies all over the floor .
 My Dwarf Hamster loves this place . The bottom is high enough to put a lot of bedding and the wheel construction is almost perfect . Because of the little track , when my hamster Midnight wants to use the potty , it catches her dropping s and her pee . It 's pretty cleaver.My little Mid seems to love the slide the most . She ignores her igloo now and sleeps either in the little hub right where the slide ends and the ball begins , or at the base of the slide , half on , half off.There 's a part that can pop off on the left where you can add a tunnel . Do n't pop it off UNLESS you have a tunnel to put there because it 's a nascence . There 's this little stopper you can use to hold your pet in the petting area at the top . While it may seem a nice place to put it , the stopper does NOT pop into place in the little whole . I had to put it there with tape so nothing would happen.I recommend to any future buyers of this little habitat that you clean the wheel and track every 3 or so days , because it gets messy , as I stated earlier and , if your pet is like mine and fond of the slide , maybe dust that off a bit every few days . = -RRB-
 Not the most durable in the world.But lots of fun for the kid and hamster .
 For the most part an interesting product and is fun for my -LRB- 8yo -RRB- daughter . The only negatives we had is the cage allows the gerbils we bought to toss bedding out and the wheel on the top does not spin because of too much friction.when combined with external critter trails , though , it becomes much more interesting and enjoyable .
 I felt as though this cage was going to be a nightmare but my 7 year old picked it out for his birthday , hard to say no ... Anyway , it is kind of a crappy wheel design as it gets caught every 360 degrees and the hamsters have to work to push it through to catch . They are not into it , too lazy I guess . They never even go up there . I am planning to remove the whole thing and add an extension tubing piece instead.Anyway , we bought a silent spinner and nesting bed and both fit fine with the slide . The entire cage is a breeze to clean , just snapp off the bottom , throw the bedding away , wash in the sink and reconnect . Literally a three minute event.Didn ' t give five stars because of the wheel design .
 This cage was easy to clean , easy to put together , and take apart for cleaning . Perfect for small size teddy bear hamsters . Not good for shavings if you have hamsters that like to use the wheel as a nest , better for critter care pet bedding . As the wheel moves shavings go everwhere along with any waste they might have released up in the wheel .
 I 've had this for about a week now , and even though it took a little bit of abuse early on , it 's still fully functional and all in one piece ... er ... all the pieces to it are in one piece , that is . It is a very light cage , so if you do happen to have curious cats ... do n't put it on a shelf or anything like that where they can get up and push it around . Unfortunately , I had it on the room divider , half-wall , shelf-planter ... thingie ... and the smallest of our cats was the most curious , and he knocked it over the edge during the night . I had two little robo hamsters in it , and one just stayed hunkered down in the petting zone room , and was just fine when we found the mess in the morning . The other one , poor dear ... there 's been no sign of her ! We have hope that maybe , just maybe , she made a run for it and is hiding in the couch or something , but it 's been several days now , and if that was the case , she still has n't come out . The cage was not damaged . The purple top came off in the crash , and the petting zone popped out , but none of the plastic broke . One corner of the wire part of the cage , the part that hit the ground , was a little smooshed down , but I was able to use a puncil to push them back into being evenly spaced . Now we keep it on the floor ... our cats are just too ... pushy . They 've been fine on the floor -LRB- the hamster and her new tiny mice roomates -RRB- , and enjoy running around this cage , and the other cage I bought to broaded their horizons.On a side note , maybe it 's just because the hamsters & the mice I got were still very young , or maybe they were just the least intelligent of their bunch ... or maybe it 's just nervousness ? They had a lot of trouble with the tubes for the first day or so . It took hours before they realized they could climb up them , and then when they did ... for two of them it took the rest of the day figuring out how to get back down . The robo hamsters did n't like the wheel on this one . The surviving hamster _ does _ love the inside wheel of the other cage we got . Maybe she was just too lazy to climb up to the other one , but ... there you go . The mice absolutely love it , though they do n't seem to be able to get it to turn in the circle as smoothly as the hamsters could -LRB- when I put them up there to at least try it -RRB- . The bottle ... Mine has yet to leak , except for when I squeezed it a little to try and show the hamsters that that 's where the water was - they 'd gone all day without even sniffing up at it and I was a little worried they might be thirsty ! I think they were just still too short for it though - they drank the drops up off the ground very quickly ! And that was another reason why I got the other cage to attach to it - the water bottle goes on teh side and hangs lower , the food dish is more her size , the wheel is right where she can reach it . Robo hamsters are just so , so , so small ! The mice have no trouble with it though . I see them stop to take a sip from it all the time . It 's just high enough for them to stand up underneath it and snatch a sip.I look forward to adding more and more pieces for them to play in : -RRB-
 We received this very quickly . This cage is very cool , but kind of hard to clean . The wheel seems to confuse the hamster , she would sleep in it and take food up there . We ended up adding a super silent slide inside the cage and she runs on that . We do n't really like the water bottle , wish it had a regular drinking end , but it does n't leak , which is so nice . The bottle is kind of hard to fill up . We tried to talk our son into a regular cage , because they are easier to clean , but he had to have the ` cool '' one . It is very nice looking , just wish it was easier to clean , especially the wheel .
 Our hamsters also make a nest in the wheel . Stuff falls onto the area outside the cage and makes a mess . Other than that It 's EASY to clean . My 11yr old cleans it herself with no help or problems . I would recommend it . It looks great and wont easily break like someone else suggested .
 Pros - fun to look atlots of room to roamcan buy add-on tubestop petting area is nicegerbils , dwarf hamster and miceCons - hard to cleantab on wheel side fell off with first cleaning -LRB- tape fixed it -RRB- Add-on tubes too small for Syrian or larger hamstersnot for Syrian hamstersI wish the Hamster products on the market say what kind of hamsters these things are for . I found that most CritterTrail products are too small for my Syrian hamster . All these cages and products say for hamsters but the size diffrence is so great between dwarf hamsters and reg . hamsters that alot of the stuff I bought was useless.As I look at diffrent forums I found that I am not the only person who thought that something for hamsters is meant for all hamsters . Maybe we need to contact the companies that make these products to be more exact with product descriptions .
 when we put Sonic , in his new cage , he was kind of sad , but as soon he discover all the space , and space in the second little level , hmmm he star having fun , water bottle works perfect from the outside saving space
 Our hamster `` Sunny '' loves this cage ! He especially loves the wheel and the way it goes around . It is much quieter then the one he had in his old cage . We were having a hard time finding anything we liked in the stores and this has worked out perfectly .
 I read some favorable reviews on this with a few negatives . I find this habitat to be very excellent at a great price . The only problem we 've had with it is that our gerbils immediately became dedicated to chewing up the slide . They seem to avoid the rounded edges on the slide and throughout thecage but the thin edge at the bottom of the slide gave them the access they needed . After they had eaten an inch or so off the bottom , I found some rocks to block access to that portion of the slide -LRB- they simply climbed on top of them to get onto the slide -RRB- and this handled our problem entirely . I 'd suggest a new buyer do this before ever putting their little critters inside . The wheel is as quiet as a wheel can be . It 's very easy to keep clean ! All components come off easily and go back together easily . It 's pretty . The gerbils love the the wheel and slide and have decided to make the removable `` carrying '' compartment their bedroom , leaving them lots of space to run around below . If the slide had a smooth , rounded bottom -LRB- similar to the top and sides -RRB- , I 'd give this item 5 stars !! We love it !
 I really like this hamster cage ! There is lots for your little furry friend to do . Our hamster loves the wheel on the top and he climbs through the tube on the side , too . It is a little tricky to put together , but not too difficult . In fact , it was easier than the last cage i purchased . Follow the directions , and you should have no problem at all . My 6 yr . old son has a little difficulty opening the latch , but I just showed him how to take the removable carrier off of the top and it gives him more room to get his hands in there and play . You ca n't beat it for the price . I saw the exact cage at the pet store for $ 15 more !
 My son picked this cage for his gerbils . He liked the fact that the gerbils could go up the spiral to the wheel.The cage was easy to assemble and reasonably priced.Unfortunately , the dumb gerbils chewed the spiral and there is nothing left of it . I recommend this cage for animals that do not gnaw on everything , but if they do , this is not the cage for them . I am happy with the cage and it is not the maker 's fault that we have dumb gerbils !
 Love it , keeps all the mess inside the cage . Washes easily with warm soapy water .
 After checking out the reviews I decided to purchase this habitat . It 's a little difficult to put together but not impossible . I love that the wheel is quiet . I purchased a new water bottle since the one that came with it did n't have the metal ball to keep it from dripping . I knew this ahead of time since I did some shopping first . -LRB- The reviews are definitely helpful and I appreciate that . -RRB- Love the design too and our new little fellow is having a ball with his new space . : -RRB-
 This cage is great ! The size is perfect , and my gerbils love it . The only downsized is there is no lock on the front door , one of my gerbils taught herself how to open it ! : -RRB- Critter Trail is a very recommendable brand . Get One .
 I already had a cage but i bought this one to connect to the other so my two robo hamsters -LRB- Lulu and Dawn -RRB- would have more to do . they did n't really like this cage . i like the wheel on the track , my hammies look so cute when they 're fighting over who gets to run on it :-RRB- i 've only seen them in the tray once when i cleaned the whole thing for the first time and they were confused.the clean up is easy , everything snaps back into place . although my hamsters do n't really like this cage , it was a good buy . i can always buy more hammies .
 I bought this one to seperate my baby hamsters dad . He has his own extra sleeping & storage room , plus bath room and tolit , so he never mess the top wheel . This is the best price for buying such a big function cage . A lot of fun for me and my hamster dad Adward .
 Some jerk dumped a live hamster , cage and all , in the trash and my heart broke ! We decided to get him a new cage and I was n't sure what to get . I came across this item and my hamster fell in love with it ! It took him a while to get used to all the compartments though . This was great for the price !!
 I bought the cage for my daughter 's dwarf hamster and she -LRB- the hamster -RRB- seems to really enjoy it . The instructions were n't easy to follow because the pieces were n't numbered , but putting it together was pretty self explanatory by looking at the picture on the box . The shipping time was excellent.I would buy from this company again .
 My hamster absolutely loved this cage , and spent almost all of his time here -LRB- his setup included 2 cages connected , and this one was by far his favorite , despite being smaller -RRB- . Like some others have mentioned , he decided to make his nest in the wheel instead of using it as an actual exercise wheel . So , you need to buy a different wheel to attach -LRB- about $ 10 -RRB- . However , the wheel comes apart very easily and is extremely easy to clean -- yes , maybe a small child would need help taking it apart , but that is the case for this entire cage , not just the wheel . It is relatively simple to take apart otherwise . Any parent who wants their child to be able to clean a cage completely on their own should look into buying a more simple , easy to assemble cage -LRB- like a one-piece clear cage -RRB- . Overall , this is a great , fun cage for hamsters and other small pets . It is worth buying just because it is so cute to watch the critter run up and down the slide !
 Having never owned a hamster , chose this cage on the spacial principle of building up . While it 's sound theory , it does not take into consideration the habits of a hamster.The hamster loved his wheel . Spent the good majority of his time in it . All was well , until he used it for it 's intended purpose . Then the mess inside went flying . This left me cleaning up the mess 3 to 4 times a day.The wheel is now gone . Replaced it with the look out tower.The old wheel was noisy . But , the boy whose room the hamster resides in slept through no problem . The noise from the second wheel was worse . Because it attached to the wire , the actual wheel noise is overpowered by the cage rattling . I installed a silent wheel , today.I have n't had issues with breakage , yet . But , I 've only done 4 cleanings . Today 's cleaning was the first I did n't have to disassemble the cage completely , because the poo was contained between the base & the petting container . The entire top assembly removes easily from the bottom tray . The petting container is also easily removed for cleaning . After handling the cage , I decided to clean it myself to avoid breakage issues . The vulnerable spots are obvious.The Super Pet Critter Trail One Habitat is the same cage , minus the wheel .
 I love it a lot and so does my hamster . She like to burro in the wheel so I just put her in her ball to get excersize every day . It is easy to clean .
 Thank you so much !!! The cage is so cool and the hamster loves it !!! No peice was amiss and the package arrived much faster than I expected !!! Thank you !!!
 I purchased this for my 9 year old daughter 's new dwarf hamster and contrary to many of the reviews here have had a decent experience so far . It was simple to assemble , with my daughter only requiring my help for a few steps , keeps the hamster from escaping and running around the house and is easy for my daughter to clean by herself . All in all a good value ; I would be likely to purchase another if ever needed .
 My son wanted this new cage for his hamster . It 's pretty simple to put together although the water bottle was a bit hard - wo n't be fun taking that on and off to refill . The little petting zoo is nice so you can take your hamster out to transport places and the wheel is a lot of fun . The only downfall on the wheel is that our hamster brings her food in there so it creates a mess both inside the wheel and outside - she also poops in there and it falls thru the cracks on the outside so although you do n't have to clean inside the cage as often you do need to clean the wheel and outside almost every day . I just vacuum it all up . Otherwise , it 's nice a bit for a dwarf hamster and the hamster seems to be able to get everywhere ...
 My 13yr old got this for his hamster he is able to clean the cage himself . And Charlie seems to like it to .
 We bought our hamster along with a Pet Critter Trail model that did not have the slide with running sphere for around $ 34 , and that was the best deal of all the big name pet stores around . We had no problem with the cage but our cat got into the room and tipped it off the table . The hamster is fine but the old one was cracked.Good thing I checked Amazon because like I said , great deal for a great cage .
 My hamster , Muffin , is in love with this cage . She likes to climb up and down the slide , and wiggle up the tube to get into the petting zone . Although I 've only had her for a few weeks , her cage does n't stink -LRB- like most of the other reviews said -RRB- . I do n't know how often they clean their cages , but I clean mine once a week.As a little tip , most of you may not know that hamsters like to use cotton to nest . I just throw two cotton balls into the petting zone , -LRB- where she sleeps -RRB- and right away she will start to rip it up . Whenever I see her sleeping , it is usually on these cotton balls . I change the cotton about twice a week.I would recomend this cage to anyone , I think it is the perfect size and has amazing features that any hamster would love ! Hope this helps !
 This cage is great !! It came in three days and I am very pleased with the product . After I got used to the assembly clean up is quick and easy . I highly recommend this cage
 Bought this for my 2 mice and they took right to it ... started exploring it all over , now for a while they were stuck in the top little home part and on the big wheel but it was because we think they were too afraid to crawl down the steep tubes , but now they love it they have it mastered and i love the fact that a water bottle easy 2 install comes with it because my little meece had a problem with always wanting to chew through their plastic bottles , and this one comes to sit on the OUTSIDE of the cage where all they can get to is the straw to drink . Great product , I plan to buy the extenders over time .
 we like the cage very much . it gives our fury friend plenty of room . we also like the fact it is quiet when he runs on his wheel . It is worth the money we paid .
 Our gerbil , Giles , LOVES ! , his new cage ! We had the very basic version of Super Pet cage & when bought extra tunnels etc , the cage was too small to support them . We ended up putting the wheel on the side & setting it in a 25 gal . fish take for extra room for him . This cage however is so perfect & adding new tunnels will not be a problem . It 's bigger than it looks on the box . I highly recommend buying this one . I 'll post pics as soon as I take them . 5 stars to this product !
 This is a good cage , but the door is hard to open and if you are not careful , it is easy to accidently leave it unlatched . My hamster has gotten out twice and hidden in the wall , so now I put duct tape over the door . I still think it is a good cage and it is fun to see my hamster have fun in the slide and on the wheel . It is easy to clean too . -LRB- You should get a new water bottle though -RRB-
 i really loved this cage for my daughters hamster and the first cage was damaged when we received it . this company was amazing to deal with and shipped a new cage out right away which arrived in perfect condition . it was easy to put together and fun to look at
 I love this cage it was a little smaller than I wanted it to be . The only problem I has with it is that when he goes up in the wheel -LRB- the top part -RRB- when he pee 's and poop 's it gets on the top of the cage and its pretty nasty but if you dont mind cleaning up every day wich i dont you will be fine ! Its not that much to clean up you just take the wheel of and clean the tope of the cage with a wet napkin or papertowel then dry they do the same with the wheel other wise i love this cage and so does my ddy bear hamster !!!
 This is a very interesting habitat for a hamster with various nooks and crannies . It arrived quickly and the set-up was easy . Unfortunately , the very top component is attached by very thin plastic and must have been broken in transit . We used Krazy Glue to mend it , but the top part will not spin . After we used the Krazy Glue , I figured we would not be able to return it , so we 've kept it . Our hamster seems to enjoy the habitat , even though it does n't get to spin . The price was a little lower than that at a local pet store .
 I just set up the cage , but I am afraid that the tubes are to small for my young teddy bare hamster . The tubes look little and I could not get him to go in them . Does anyone know if this cage is to small for hamsters ? Are the tubs suppose to look snug ? I think I should return it because my hamster is only going to get bigger . Any advise would be grate .
 We have 2 white mice which love this new home . It was easy to put together . The water bottle is very disappointing because it is not made well but it works . The large wheel is pretty neat to see in action , however when they poop it falls thru the air holes .
 Alright I have had this cage for about a month and I got it for my Dwarf Hamster , Lilly . She absolutely LOVES her cage . When you get the cage I HIGHLY recommend you get some tubes and what not with it , you and your hamster will appreciate them -LRB-
 We got this for my dwarf hamster , Belle and she loves it . At first she had a little trouble getting up to the treadmill but now she does it like a pro . Some food and poop get onto the floor but if you wanted a cool cage , this would be the one for you .
 Overall we like this habitat for the way it looks and the variety of areas it provides for the new addition to our family , a chinese dwarf hamster - Isabella the Brave . However , as my daughter keeps the hamster in her room the idea of hamster poo all over the place quickly became an issue . She loves to poop in the wheel and the crack allows small bits to fly out anywhere from a slight problem to a large mess over the entire dresser top . Our solution was to run a piece of black electrical tape along the seam of the wheel . She still has air holes on the side of the wheel so she has airflow and we have been cleaning it as needed -LRB- every day or two -RRB- but it is pretty easy once you get a system down . We slide the wheel off and wipe it out with paper towels to get the majority of fecal matter . Then we use soap and water to clean it , dry it , and return it to the cage . We clean the rest of the cage weekly . SO far so good ... I like the wheel on top so there is more room in the cage and the electrical tape solution has contained the mess and made it easy to clean . Happy hamster time !!
 This cage is perfect but the big wheel is a awful , It has no hopes working out of our box . It needed some mods and even then :--RRB- So do n't buy this for the wheel but a great cage none the less .
 I am extremely happy with this purchase and transaction . It was shipped out the day after I had ordered it , and arrived within two days . Very pleased and would definitely buy again !
 Ever since I installed my new 5-Inch Pink and White Hagen Vibrascaper Foxtail , my fish have stopped trying to escape .
 I have 2 gerbils . Before this I had a basic Crittertrail cage . It was n't enough room for them so I attached this cage to mine . They seem to be doing fine-they do n't get territorial or anything . They sleep in the basic cage and play in this cage . Here are some pros and cons compared to a 10 gallon tank -LRB- if this is the only cage that your gerbils get -RRB- : Crittertrail 2 pros
 not a bad little cage . i liked it and its very colorful . the only downside is that it doesnt have enough hamster tubes and the levels work better upside down -LRB- the smooth surface is to slippery and the hamsters fall off -RRB- . u can still attach a tube to the level upside down and u can even put some shavings in it that way to keep it cleaner . its a bit of a pain to get it all together but its worth it : -RRB-
 I searched and read A LOT of reviews before purchasing this one . I wanted a cage that I could use tubes with and create a fun little habitat that did n't cost an arm and a leg . It was n't real difficult to put assemble once I figured out how to snap everything together and cleaning it is pretty easy . Once I put our hamster in it , I realized that the second level was n't all that useful so I built a bridge between the two sides with Popsicle sticks and the cage actually works really well . However , our cats are obsessed about getting at the hamster and have pushed the entire cage onto the floor two times as it 's extremely light weight . The first time , the cage popped apart and the top cracked and the second time , small pieces broke off that we ended up super-gluing back on . We then put a rubber mat under it so it would n't slide . Our cats continued to attack the cage to get at the hamster and figured out how to pop the side tube off . We did n't realize this until we woke up one early morning , realized the hamster was gone and found it dead in my kids play room . The cage is nice and roomy for a dwarf hamster but I do n't recommend it for anyone who has cats . We are looking at getting an aquarium type cage for our next hamster , something sturdier that can hold up to the cats .
 I went through 2 other cages before I found this one . I tried Super Pet CritterTrail Complete Kit Starter Habitat and Super Pet CritterTrail One . They are both great cages -LRB- the latter over the former due to the `` petting zone '' and flip top roof -RRB- but I found them too small for my male teddy bear hamster . He liked them all right but I wanted him to move around more and to have space for when he gets bigger . The Super Pet CritterTrail 2 - level habitat offered so much space . Its around 5 inches taller and still offers the petting zone that I liked so much in the other cage . It has the two levels and tubes -LRB- I took out one for even more space -RRB- which my hamster loves to climb through . I prefer these type of tubes over adding on tubes because from my experience , hamsters love to pee and poop in them so the less the better . It 's great that it comes with a wheel , but my hamster does not use it -LRB- maybe it is too small for him -RRB- so I took it out and bought the Crittertrail add on wheel and hopefully he will use that . My only complaint is the water bottle . Many times I fill it and I do n't get any water unless I squeeze it . I get so worried for my hamster and so I have a bowl of water for him and give him veggies like cucumber , carrot , and broccoli so he can still get nutrients and water . Other than that , the cage is fantastic ! It 's colorful , spacious , has various add on compartments for those who want to add tubes , wheels , etc. and best of all my hamster loves it ! Recommend !
 I purchased this habitat for my `` grandhamster '' , Winston , for Christmas ... he loves it ! He had been living in a glass aquariam since June when my daughter got him . He is much more active in this new habitat , and it is fun to watch him cruise around in it ! He also has a smaller habitat/carrier attached with funnel tubes to his main house and goes between the two , sometimes rearranging all his bedding from one to the other ! I would definitely reccommend this habitat for your hammie !!!
 We bought this because our two mice turned into multiple mice and they were overcrowded in their smaller cage . We have six grown female mice who fit very comfortably in this cage . This cage was built perfectly for mice . They get a LOT of exercise running around on the ledges and up and thru the tubes . They love the wheel which is smooth and easy to keep clean . This open wheel is a HUGE improvement over the closed one in the smaller version . It does n't get disgustingly dirty and it 's smooth and faster . It 's not annoyingly noisy . The `` bed '' is easy to clean and easy to access . The bars are close enough that they ca n't chew on which is GREAT because that is really noisy and irritating . So you have to get chew toys but that 's fine . The mice LOVE this cage and of course we love them being happy and healthy . I 'd recommend this to anybody who needs a large living space for multiple mice . It would probably be a lonely place for just one mouse ... it seems better suited for multiple critters .
 If you own a dwarf hamster , this cage is perfect for you.At first , I thought this cage was a bit overpriced , but it turned out to be worth every penny . We have two Dwarf Hamsters , and they love their new cage . The water bottle is perfect for their height , and all the tubes are nicely sized . We only put in one shelf , but they never use it anyways . The food bowl is a bit high for them , so we had to bury it in the bedding . They adore the little home on top . They spend every night up there . It has been over half a year , and the cage is still working fine . The wheel is a bit noisy , though . Cleaning the cage is very easy . Overall , I this cage would be great for any small rodent .
 Neat looking cage . Can be difficult to assemble and disassemble at times . Only cage my hamster has never escaped from , and I 've had it for almost a year . I 'm very satisfied with this product .
 I just got my cage today it wasnt hard to put together , the only thing that is a lil bit of a pain is the shelves they dont really want to stay but what i did was put the nitch that hooks the shelf on the cage just under where it would sit so that was the tube is against the floor of the cage making it stay other then that i have have the single level cage hooked to this one an my hampster loves it he is a serian so all he has to do it climb up to the shelf its kinda funny but all in all its no harder to put together than all the other cages out there the price was so much cheaper then pet store an also for cleaning just take the bottom part off makes it was easier to clean my kids an hampster an hubby an i love this cage if you would like to ask me any questions that i may not have anyswered please email me eringaysmith@yahoo.com i also purchased the burrow thing to an love it hope i helped
 This is the best home my hamster rafikiHas had . It 's very roomie and he loves to sit on the stands and watch whats going on . He did chew on the plastic siding and I had used a different water bottle for him because the other one was quite small . But putting it together is easy if u know how to look at instructions . And compared to my old wheel this one is soo quiet !! There is no sickening as a silent hamster wheel . Overall it 's a great cage at an amazing price : -RRB-
 This cage is great some of these other reviews are bad but i dont know why but there was nothing wrong with it it was what the description said great product
 we got 2 teddy bear hamsters , one laid claim to the top compartment , so we purchased the Super Pet CritterTrail Activity Accessory Kit , which made the cage so much more fun for both hamsters , this time one laid claim to the purple tube and one the wheel . It works perfectly with this cage . For the teddy bear hamsters the wheel that comes with it is a little small , in fact mine used it more for a bridge than a wheel which is SO Funny to watch . We have really enjoyed this cage and would recommend it to anyone . One thing the man at the pet store recommended was when you fill the water bottle squeeze it , fill it while squeezing put lid on , turn over and release the squeeze to make a vacuum effect so it does n't leak , which has worked wonderfully for us .
 This is a very good cage . It Is very easy to clean and take apart and put together unlike what most reviews say . The only hard thing to deal with is the tubes . You can get lots of add-onsand tubes etc. . . One issue is the wheel . It is way to small for any type of Syrian Hamster , although it would fit a dwarf hamster just fine . I had to buy a comfort wheel and rearrange the wholecage layout to fit the wheel in . I did buy an extra set of tubes for my hamster to crawl through , and they work great . They were a little pricey , though . It comes with a water bottle that works really good , and the food bowl that looks like it would work fine . I bought a ceramic bowl just to be on the safe side . Food I recommend is Fiesta Max ! Hamster food . It comes with a wide varietyOf different things for your hamster to eat.Overall I would rate this cage four out of five stars for the issues with the wheel and tubes .
 I too worried because of the reviews . We use this as our `` exercise cage '' We get the girls out every evening & they really love this cage . The rest of their time is spent in a 10 gallon aquarium.It 's easy to put together . We purchased 4 sets of funnel tubes , so we have a long tube system that connects to the cage & we set it on the floor . Then we watch them run all over the carpet through the tubes without the worry of mess . We created our tube maze so that it can just all be lifted up & carried back to be stored each night.So ... Pros
 we did not end up using this as my daughter had an alergic reaction to hamster in pet store before we could even bring it home . Seemed like a nice cage though
 &egrave; uma gaiola com muito espao e divero para o hamster . Eu dei s&oacute; 4 estrelas por que o ninho poderia ser removivel como na crittertrail X o que facilita muito a limpeza.PARA limpar no &eacute; preciso desmontar a gaiola toda , basta prender a parte central com fita crepe tirar a tampa e o fundo limpar com &aacute;gua e sabo e secar com papel toalha -LRB- a cada 13 ou 15 dias , se voc usar no fundo da gaiola serragem -RRB- . A cada 4 ou 3 dias eu tiro o topo da gaiola para limpar o ninho por que assim o hamester no fica `` fedido '' e a gaiola fica sem cheiro .
 I have a Syrian/Golden hamster and she loves it . However , she never uses the two red platforms unless I put her there . I also recommend getting a loop or another cage to attach , because Syrian/Golden hamsters do get too large to turn in the tubes . It is a little hard to get to her if she does not want to be held , but it is very good . If you want to be able to get it easily get one with more ground space and no or less tubes . The water and wheel worked great and nothing broke . Just make sure you only put one hamster in it , and it is at an easily cleanable site . My pine bedding works great , I got it from Walmart , but it leaks out of the cage , but this is inevitable . Awesome !!!
 My daughter loves this cage and so does our newest addition Pipsqueak . It takes a little getting use to to take apart to clean but we have not had any problems . You do have to be careful taking the tubes off . My husband and I cleaned it in 15 minutes while the kids watched the hamster . We have a dwarf hamster and she fits fine in the tubes but a regular size hamster would not . We have not added anything on yet , but we just received some new additions we purchased from Amazon . Enjoy !
 We keep dwarf hamsters and have used these cages for about 6 years . The cages are a bit challenging to assemble but once in use we think they are great ! They 're easy to clean and provide a great habitat for our little critters.To clean without too much disassembly
 I saw this on here a while ago , and asked my mom to let me get it , but she said no . So , while I was looking around on craigslist , I saw this hamster cage -LRB- at the time , I did n't know that it was this specific one , until I actually googled it -RRB- and it came with a few other things for $ 25 . So we got it , and now my hamster Pork Chop seems to be adjusting to it okay . She was in a wire cage before with no tubes , so I thought that this would be great for her since it had some in it.The water bottle may seem a little weird at first since it appears to just be one whole piece , but the metal part where the water comes out , comes off , and that is where you put water in it.You could probably fit 2 or 3 hamsters in here comfortably . I would get Pork Chop another friend , but I 'm afraid that she would just fight with the other friend and one of them would end up getting hurt . So for now , she is all by herself.The wheel is probably big enough for a rat , but the tubes are big enough for a full grown rat.When I got the cage , the top latch part for the loft was broken , so I put some duct tape on it for now , although when I put her in it earlier without any tape on it , she did n't try to escape . But , better safe than sorry.It is really big . Definitely worth its price.I also like that if I wanted to , I could add on another cage , but I think this one is big enough for her right now.I was a little disappointed that her other water bottle would n't fit in the place where her current one was -LRB- I also tried squeezing it through the bars , like it went on her other cage , but they were too small . -RRB- as this one seems like it might drip more than her other one.Some other reviewers may say that this cage is too small , but I highly disagree.Definitely big enough for 2 hamsters.Overall , great cage .
 I dont know why people are saying this cage is brittle and difficult to clean , Its a pets home . almost any cage is gon na be somewhat of a challenge to clean . I bought this cage at PETsMART and i honestly love it . And so do my Dwarf Hamsters . The water bottle however i think the ball in the tube is too hard to press in for my hamsters for i changed it . Other than that , be careful taking it apart and set aside about an hour to clean and reassemble and youll be fine . Great cage and fun for the hamsters.Another thing , my hamsters are litterally 2 inches big , and if they cant escape then the hamsters that did from the reviews i saw , it seems like you flawed somewhere in the building of it . Because my hamsters climb everywhere in this cage and even up the bars but cant find a way out . Great cage and great removable petting zone . And the wheel is so quiet i cant ever tell when my hamsters are awake unless i hear the bedding shuffle .
 This is a wonderful hamster cage . My hamsters love it . They enjoy the tubes , wheel and the secret hideout at the top . Which can also be used to hold the hamsters while you clean the cage . I find cleaning the cage to be a fast simple task . Everything comes apart easily . I 'm so glad I chose this cage instead of one of the others . You and your hamsters will love it . I 've had 3 adult hamsters and 4 baby hamsters in it at the same time and they still had room to roam and play .
 not hard to put together but hard to clean because of the tubes . . when mine came it was cracked in two places but I got it replaced so be gentle the plastic breaks easily ! oh and the water bottle sucks , non stop dripping i had to go buy a regular one so be prepared . overall it 's a good cage pretty spacious for a hamster and plus you can always buy add ons
 I purchased this habitat for my daughter 's gerbil . Edward the gerbil loved it from the moment he moved in . In fact Edward liked it so much that the very first night he gave birth to seven little gerbils . Who knew Edward was a female . Anyway , all of the gerbils are doing great and they love to scamper around . This habitat is easy to clean and offers enough room to keep them all busy . Thanks so much
 I love this cage . It is pretty easy to put together and my hamster really loves it . He absolutely loves the tubes . He carries his food up to the loft area then goes back down the tube head first and hangs in the middle of the tube upside down and starts dropping all the food into the bottom of the tube . He also does this with the bedding . After buying mine I saw the same cage in petco for about $ 60.00 so it really is a great buy .
 The cage in the picture is different from the cage you get . First off you do n't get the water bottle that is shown you get another small water bottle , which is better . it is near the wheel , and not hanging down . But water did not come out of the bottle , so I had to replace it , but that does not surprise me.I bought this cage for my black bear hamster Hershey , and I thought this will be better to put him in than the crittertrail one . I do n't know what the wheel sounds like , it seems that he does n't know how to use it . Because when I got him there was no wheel in his cage . Also when I turn the wheel you do n't hear a thing.Update on wheel
 I received the cage pretty fast . My hamster loves the cages . he 's a lil fat though so watching him squeeze through the tubes is kinda funny . His last cage had a sky deck wheel and instead of using it to exercise he would sleep and store food in it . Too messy for my liking . This cage is perfect . Putting it together was a little difficult . Connecting the wire parts together proved to be a challenge but at the end the cage is very sturdy and pretty . **** VERY DIFFICULT to unattach bottom to clean it .
 I bought this cage thinking it would look like the one shown in picture , but apparently the manufacture has tweaked the product some ; so now the bar spacing it more narrow , the petting zone lid has two latch to lock instead of a push lock , the wheel is smaller to fit smaller hamsters -LRB- not syrians -RRB- , two front doors has security spring to keep those escape artist in , the sides of the cage is wire instead of those plastic ones shown , and lastly the water bottle does n't hang anymore but it is now next to the wheel.I actually prefer the old cage construction , i love the bar spacing before , it give my hamster a place to trim their teeth -LRB- my hamster does n't like chew treats -RRB- . Also now I need to remove the bubble tunnel on the side before lifting the wires of the base to clean , which is very hard to remove , I have already broke some plastic . They should have left the side construction alone , then cleaning would be a lot easier - just lift everything and clean the base.But overall , excellent cage for mice and robos . Water bottle is faulty , I have to buy another one .
 This is a well-designed habitat for a hamster , probably for your typical sized hamster but I 'm not sure about a really large one . It is escape-proof , which is important , and makes excellent use of the space within . The access options for taking the hamster in/out or adding food are good . Cleaning is extremely easy - just pop the cage off the tray , clean the tray , and replace the cage . My only negative comment would be about the wheel that comes with the kit - it is really only appropriate for a small hamster . They say your hamster should not have to arch his/her back substantially to run in the wheel , and our mid-sized hamster really had to arch . We replaced the kit wheel with a standard sized wheel -LRB- $ 7 -RRB- , which fits fine and does the job .
 I was getting ready to sell our Critter Trail 2 as my daughter is about to go off to college and her last hamster has gone to Hammie Heaven . I brought up this item to show someone what the cage looks like and read the reviews . We have both an aquarium and this cage and this one is a much better habitat for a happy hamster . We did a lot of reading when she first wanted a hamster and they really need places to burrow , hide , and run . They MUST have a wheel -LRB- hamsters can run literally miles in a night ! -RRB- and they love being able to climb tubes - it more closely mimics their natural habitat . They are naturally desert animals so they do n't drink and urinate a lot - a typical cleaning for us was washing the wheel and tubes and replacing bedding . I agree that the tubes can be a bit hard to clean , but just soaking them for a bit and then rinsing well did the trick for us . The more thorough cleaning that one reviewer described as taking an hour does n't need to be done every time , imho ! Yes , it sometimes took a couple of tries to get the pieces together if you 've completely dismantled it for a thorough cleaning , but it 's not rocket science - it was never a big deal to reassemble it . But do make sure you 've got all the pieces aligned and all the holes filled - once we forgot to put the water bottle back in and our little Houdini climbed right out . Hamsters are escape artists , but luckily they 're not too bright and they fall for the same trap every time.Bottom line - an aquarium is easier to clean , but this is a better environment for your hamster .
 Honestly this is the berst cage i have ever used ! I have 1 gerbil named jake and he loves it . He loves the Petting Zone and adores the platforms . He has plenty of room to scamper and it is awesome . Also if you buy the Lazy lookout and atach it your Gerbil will love it and it looks nice .
 I hate that the cage is quite to put together . My hamsters dont even use the two extra platforms . But still really nice and too big for just one hamster .
 this cage is actually good , despite other peoples comments . assembly and cleaning takes only minutes - ive had this for a few weeks and there have been no problems , but my hamster has escaped a few times . this can be easily solved by using twist ties to secure the door .
 I love it . my hamster Zula loves it too . i am glad i bought it . at first i hesitated about buying it because of all the bad reviews . do n't read them . they are complete rubbish . the cage is the best !!! it 's almost completely flawless.its definetely worth your money . the only flaws are the wheel and the water bottle . the wheel took up to much room and it kept hitting the red levels , so i replaced it with an outside and attachable wheel . the water bottle simply leaks too much , so i bought a different one.if you know how to clean hamster cages , then you , ll have no problem with itthe thing is ... if you have a dwarf hamster or smaller like i do then you might have to rearrange the tubes that go to the topmost level because its hard for small hamsters to climb vertically up the tubes like in the picture.over all i think she loves it more than i doAND ... I. ... LOVE ... THIS ... CAGEi would recomend this to ANYONEi would totally buy this againREMEMBER NOT TO TAKE THE BAD REVIEWS SERIOUSLY . THEY ARE DOWNRIGHT LIES , OR THEY ARE JUST UNEXPERIENCED HAMSTER OWNERS.THIS IS MY FIRST CHOICE FOR A CAGE.BEST ... CAGE ... EVER !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
 This is a great cage . Although it is a pain to clean -LRB- ~ 30 minutes -RRB- , it is well worth the money . It 's safe , roomy and your dwarf hamster will enjoy it . ** I would only recommend this cage for dwarf hamsters ** By the way , do n't listen to the morons that give this cage 1 star because of `` breakage issues . '' This cage is sturdy and safe , if your hamster escaped , then you obviously have not assembled the cage correctly . But I am sure the people that rated this cage one star are 1 -RRB- little kids or 2 -RRB- dumb adults who do n't have any common sense or reasoning ability .
 I looked at a lot of cages and did n't find anything that I really liked . After reading reviews , I was n't so sure about this cage , but I 've started to like it more the longer I have it . Yes there are pieces that can break , but it 's a plastic cage - what else would you expect if you 're not careful . If anything comes broken you can contact the company and they 'll send you a replacement . It takes awhile , but it 's better than buying a replacement piece . I have a siberian hamster and I think this cage is a good size for the price I wanted to pay . My hamster uses the petting zone as a sleeping area , which I like . He does most of his pooping and peeing in the petting zone so it 's easier for me to clean it everyday - I just scoop out the wet bedding . I put part of a velveeta box in the petting zone so my hamster has a place to hide from the see through plastic . Having the petting zone also provides more space to move around in the main living area . The wheel that came with the cage would eventually be too small for my growing siberian , so I bought a larger wheel . When it comes to wheels they all make noise and the cage tends to amplify it . Plastic and wire is n't quiet when something attached to it is spinning . I found it works to use a twist tie to tighten the doors closed so they do n't rattle as much . Since I have a bigger wheel , I only use one platform which is ok since my hamster really does n't use them . I bought a different water bottle - one with balls inside the drinking part . The one with the cage leaks way too much and it hangs down too far in the cage . I still use it to plug the hole and put rubber bands around it so it 's closer to the top of the cage . Watch out when it comes to the petting zone cap . One night I took the wheel out and apparently my hamster was really bored . The next morning I woke up to find my hamster missing and the petting zone cap on the other side of the room - somehow he had managed to push at it until it came out -LRB- hamsters will climb the wire walls by the way ! -RRB- So now I have it taped down and there have been no more escapes . It takes me about a half hour to do a full cleaning of my cage - that includes soaking the wheel and petting zone in water . I found it 's easiest to leave the solid plastic side walls hooked to the cage and remove the rooftop and wire walls individually . It 's too hard to lift everything off at once . Overall , I 'm satisfied with this cage and would buy it again .
 I 've had this cage for over a year now and I can say that it is one of the better choices for your pet.Some other reviews say it is difficult to clean , but I disagree and do n't really understand why they are having problems . The top lifts strait out , you do n't need to completely disassemble it and take the bars and side supports off to give it a good cleaning.As far as how well the cage holds together , I would say it is no better or worse then any other cage with plastic parts . If you want completely foolproof your better off with an aquarium , but of course then you do n't get the fun tubes and accessories . Like I said earlier , I 've had this cage a year and so far the wheel was the only thing to break , but this was easily replaced.I think this is the better choice over some of the other cages available for a few reasons . The first is its `` square footage '' . The platforms and upper sleeping area on top of the cage makes it compact for you yet roomy for your pet . The cage also has plenty of room for expansion , for example I have added two different lookout towers to my cage I think my hamster enjoys . I also like how it is not completely plastic . The bars allow air circulation in the cage for better health to your pet.I 've tried a number of cages in the past with different pets but I think this one is my favorite . I would buy it again .
 Okay , I was worried about this cage from all the reviews , but since all cages we looked at had some problems , we went ahead and bought the CritterTrail 2 . It was a little tricky to put together , but we figured it out and the one shelf we decided to use fit just fine . We also bought a second little CritterTrail cage and connected the two using the expansion tube pack . We even bought a little sky loft for the second cage . Everything has been fine . Our blackbear hamster loves her cage . She uses the wheel , she sleeps in the loft . We did get her the CritterTrail bottle with the little ball in it before we even left the store so we avoided the whole water bottle problem.We have had this cage a week and our hamster has n't escaped . We will be cleaning it this today for the first time , but I do n't plan on taking the whole thing apart . She does n't even `` go '' in the main room so a little pulling out of the litter and putting some back through the door is all that we will do there . The dirtiest place is up in the loft where she sleeps , `` goes '' , and stores food , yuck ! We will clean that area by wiping it with hot water on a paper towel . I am not sure why people feel compelled to completely tear apart their cages . But , reading how other people have had parts break when they did that , we will not be tearing our cage apart.We like this cage . It is colorful to look at , compact , expandable , and we can see our little `` Black Pearl '' everywhere she goes in the cage . We try not to open the sky loft both out of respect for her bedroom and because other reviewers said the plastic latch broke on theirs . But we have n't needed to because in one week she is already trained to come out the front door . We give her a treat every time she comes out so she knows the sound of the cage door opening and comes running . I would recommend this for any first time hamster owner . ''
 I have had this exact cage for 2 years for my 2 year old , both female gerbils , and I love it!My gerbils absolutely love it , why ? * Add ons - I have added an external , 360 degree wheel , an outhouse , and a circle add on . They love running around the wheels and pooping in everything but the outhouse , haha . * Cleaning - This is n't too bad to clean . Sure , a glass aquarium would be SO much easier to clean , I will say that . But I clean this cage once every 2 to 2.5 weeks , and it takes an hour , MAX . Simply take off the bottom , throw all the Aspen bedding -LRB- this works great for me too -RRB- away . Take a squirt bottle from the dollar store , fill it with half White Vinegar , half hot water . Squirt that around the bottom , and in the rest of the pieces . COMPLETELY RINSE !!!! with hot water , dry with a clean undershirt . Replace pieces while occasionally changing around the order of all the tubes , hahaha - all of these steps take 45 minutes to an hour and 15 minutes , tops . Ever 2 weeks , this is n't bad at all.The gerbils LOVE LOVE LOVE when I rip pieces of paper about 1 '' by 3 '' and put it in the top little cave of the top part of the cage . They spend about 2 days biting this paper into very little shreds and cuddle in it , it is so cute.Yes , some of the pieces broke , but you have to be careful . The outhouse -LRB- sold seperately -RRB- , which they love , broke cause I dropped it . The top part of the cage cracked a little , nothing to worry.And if you are worried about them escaping - yup , they have escaped twice . Why ? Because I forgot to close it -LRB- sorry girls ! -RRB- . The clasp holding the top down broke , but nothing masking tape wo n't fix.Overall , very attractive cage , and I love it . Do n't buy an aquarium - so boring for your pets !!!
 The cage is very colorful , well designed and light-weight . Most important , my pet mouse loves it . There 's plenty of room for him to run around , up and down , and in the wheel . The water bottle did not work well for him , so I just put a little bowl in for him . The wheel is silent . The cage does seem delicate , you should be careful not to drop it , but that 's not a problem for us . I recommend this cage .
 This is one of the best critter trails I could find at such a reasonable price from Petco . It is great for larger hamsters like syrian , teddy bear , and black bear . They love to climb through the tunnels and run even on top of the wheel -LRB- if you set it up exactly like the picture -RRB- . I do recomend getting a different water bottle . Cleaning is a snap ... . Here 's my secret . Buy two ! Always have one clean and ready to use for the following week . It really is a lot less stress that way . This way you can take your time taking apart , cleaning and puting back together the soild one . Plus its nice to have extra parts . Especially an extra wheel to change out in the middle of the week when it gets a little messy -LRB- they like to run and pee at the same time -RRB- .
 For the $ 50 I paid for this at Petco , I was expecting somewhat better quality . When I first unpacked it , 2 of the plastic tabs were already broken off . The plastic pieces are very brittle and you have to be very careful putting it together.Assembly took about 30 minutes , and you actually have to read the instructions . It might have gone faster if I was n't afraid of breaking everything though . The water bottle is positioned very close to the shelf and difficult for our teddy bear hamster to drink out of . He has to crane his head around to actually drink out of it , and the first night we had the shelf up too high and he could n't drink out of it at all.The loft is where he spends all his time , and the carries all his food and bedding up there , so that 's where most of the poop and urine goes . This makes it pretty easy to clean , just lift it out , empty it and wash it . I do this 2 or 3 times a week and it contains the smell very well and I do n't have to empty out the bedding in the main part of the cage very often . The only problem is that sometimes he kicks all the bedding down the tube like a trash chute and it jams up the tube at the curve at the bottom . He 's been trapped up there a couple of times this way . I just take him out of the loft and put him in the bottom , and he 's able to clear it out from the bottom up fairly quickly.The tubes to the shelves were never actually used and took up a lot of floor space . He would just climb the bars instead , so I just took them out so he had some more space to run around downstairs . I 've also added the outhouse attachment and a small side cage for additional room , but he spends nearly all his time in the loft.All in all , a colorful , functional cage that is a bit difficult to clean and on the cheap side for the price , but for the amazon price , it might be worth it.EDITED TO ADD
 This cage is nice ! It 's sturdy and roomy for my Syrian hamster . It 's easy for an adult to put together , though I would n't recommend leaving the chore to a kid . Some parts , like the little latch on the `` petting zone '' and some of the hinges could probably break if not handled properly . My only other complaint is that the water bottle is n't great , but it 's no big deal to find a quality water bottle at a decent price . Overall , we 're very happy with it . It looks great , is pretty easy to assemble and clean , and the hamster seems to enjoy exploring it ! I was nervous after reading some of the negative reviews , but so far , so good . For $ 25 instead of the $ 60 asked for it at the pet stores , you ca n't go wrong !
 I have the newer version of this cage . The water bottle now clamps to the outside wire , making it accessible from the bottom level of the cage.Although it was a pain to put together , once it was done it 's a nice , sturdy cage . The shelves lock firmly in place and do n't shift even when moving the cage around . I 'm guessing that is another improvement they have made in the newer model.All of the connections are tight and secure with no gaps left for escape . The `` petting zone '' has two secure latches that keep escape artists in . The bars are close enough together even for baby dwarf hamsters , while at the same time allowing great ventilation.I have found this cage very easy to clean . The cage is easily removed from the plastic base by opening two latches and removing one tube . The two spring loaded doors make even the top shelves accessible.After returning the first cage I bought , both my robo-dwarf and I are completely happy with this one .
 This cage is great for our new mice -LRB- three girls we hope -RRB- . We thought it might be too big at first since mice are so small but they use all of it and boy can they climb . The only tricky thing is that the tubes do n't pull straight out , they pull up and then out . If you take a little time to adjust the cage to fit the plastic parts and figure out how to remove the tubes , taking apart for cleaning is easy .
 I paid nearly $ 60 for this same cage at Petco . My gerbil seems to enjoy living in it . He uses the top compartment as a bathroom but it opens up and is easy to wipe clean and it easily comes out for washing . The cage comes apart fairly easily to clean and replace the shavings . My gerbil loves running up and down the tubes and he loved the wheel until he chewed the middle piece and it fell off . He did the same exact thing to his last wheel . I like how you can add on more tubes , wheels and compartments to this cage . Overall I think it was a good buy , I just wish I had bought it on Amazon ! : -RRB-
 My hamster and I love the cage , because it has alot more room for him to play and sleep . One of the problems I have with the product is that it is not so easy to clean , have n't quite figured out the best way to do this , without taking it apart . Loft is great for him to stay in while I am cleaning . I would like to see if they can make one that the bottom slides out , like a bird cage does . My second problem with the cage is that I do n't know how that tube attachment at the bottom -LRB- one that goes to the loft -RRB- got broke . The wheel outside atttachment broke the first day I got the cage .
 hamster seems to hide at the top with his head down the hole . Kinda sucks . . want to get more canals to see if he 'll move around more . Otherwise good .
 I bought this for my hamster as an addition to CritterTrail Extreme Challenge Habitat -LRB- which she also loves -RRB- . I linked them via Fun-nels tubes . I have to say that $ 35 w/o taxes & free shipping saved me $ 8.50 from Petco 's retail store prices . As for the set up , less than 5 mins . Cleaning is simple as the unit can be stripped quickly . Quality is great and most of all , my hamster loves it . My only concern is that my hamster frequently chooses to come off the side of the red shelves instead of taking the tubes back down . Other than that , great purchase . This was my second Super Pet Crittertrail purchase in the past couple months and will definitely not be my last .
 We had this cage for a year and love it . We have a teddy bear hamster -LRB- Energizer -RRB- and she loved her cage and when the top door broke I looked everywhere for a replacement part and never found it . This made me have to buy one quick and it 's smaller and she really does n't like it as much.Pros
 Very good cage , Plastic quality could be better , but over all . GREAT CAGE.Keep ONE thing in mind . Be VERRRY gentle when putting it together . Do not attempt to force parts together . The cage will get mad and snap/crackle and pop.I was so afraid that my hamster would chew the cage bars ... but to my surprise ... he never did ... -LRB- so far ... -RRB- > _ < Anyways , great product . AND THE PRICE , OH , THE PRICE !!! AMAZON IS THE BEST ! NO SHIPPING !!!! :-RRB- Since it 's over $ 25 . -LRB- by $ 1.75 -RRB- Buy this cage !
 THIS cage is the best cage for your hamsters my 2 hamsters Jordan and Alex they are both short hair hamsters and in some of the review about this cage are not true.Like the second one that said could be better i have alot of pets like 5 birds and 10 fish and i still have not saw a cage that is cool like this one.Ireccomend this cage to any one who is looking for a good cage for their hamster .
 This is an awesome cage except my hamster never used the red things on the sides.and the wheel it gives you squeaks squeaks all the time
 this cage is safe and roomy for my syrian hamster Busturd . he absolutely loves it . even though putting this cage togather takes time and effort , it is an overall great cage for either dwarf or bigger hamsters . my syrian hamster does not get stuck in the tubes , and can use the wheel just fine . it has plenty of room for one hamsterif not two hamsters . although , I did change the water bottle for my old water bottle . even the wireing and doors seem sturdy on this cage . I would not purchase another cage for awhile . it comes with tubes , and more holes for extensions . I love this cage .
 I bought this for alot less than the pet store price and good thing because it is not worth more than I paid . It is fantastic for the animals enjoyment but the plastic is easy to break so be careful , do n't expect your child to be able to assemble it and make sure they do n't drop the plastic parts . I broke the catch on top but luckily it still stays together .
 I purchased this cage after my neighbor 's hamster gave birth and I received the last hamster that never got adopted . It was a big issue at first , because the hamster was so small that it would slip through the cage . However , as it grew into an adult , it was a wonderful cage . The carrying case at the top is ideal , especially when cleaning the cage . The wheel and water bottle eventually had to be replaced ; the wheel would squeak terribly , and the water bottle was just low quality . However , all in all , my hamster loved the cage , and it was very durable and great for the price .
 When this cage came to my house , it was not put together . But it was very easy to assemble . i do not recommend this cage as a stand alone cage . if you buy this cage it should connect to another cage for more room . What i did is i connected this cage with a little tube to another crittertail cage , super pet crittertrail Z habitat . i took out the wheel in this cage and used the wheel in the Z habitat . i really strongly think it was worth the money . My hamster loves the set up , -LRB- the 2 connected cages -RRB- and goes back and forth . Even though you will have an extra food bowl and water bottle , and wheel , i think my hamster is really happy that he has more room then this cage . i recomend what i did . i will explain it again , bought a tube , connected it to a open hole on the cage , and i bought another cage , super pet crittertrail Z habitat , and took out this wheel , and i took out one of the food dishes , and one of the water bottles . My hamster loves to go to one cage to another , The critter trail Z habitat is hard to assemble , but it is worth the time , and money . hope this review helps you !!!
 We have 3 critter trail cages and this one by far is our favorite . The wheel that comes with it is quieter , its easy to clean , and the mice love all the room .
 This is an adequate hamster cage for our needs.What we like
 We bought this cage at another store , and the amazon price is a very good one.The cage is a bit tricky to put together , but it 's great for the hamster for several reasons , including : - the mixture of little bars for good airflow and plastic for easy cleaning . our hamster likes to climb the bars to get from place to place sometimes . we also have a little hammock that is suspended from the bars.-the wheel is great , very smooth . having a side-mount saves space in the cage.-our hamster likes to climb around in the tube and hang out in the `` petting zone '' area.-in general , there are many places where you can reach your hand in to give him food , pet the hamster , etc.-the water bottle is handy and does not make too much noise.-it 's very customizable . we have only one of the second-level units up , but we could add it back if we wanted to.It is hard to disassemble for cleaning , but the compact size and many good features meant that it was a worthwhile buy for us . Our hamster , Hummus , is happy , and he does n't seem bored or cramped .
 crittertrail two is very good the wheel is quiet and it has a lot room for any size hamster it is easy to cleanSuper Pet CritterTrail Two Level HabitatSuper Pet CritterTrail Two Level Habitat
 I bought this habitat at my local pet store for about fifty bucks . I wish I 'd looked on Amazon first , because I 'd have saved myself some money.That aside , my hamster and I love this habitat . It was really easy to put together -LRB- did n't even need instructions -RRB- and he has plenty of room to run around and nest . One of my cats knocked it over and broke it pretty badly , though . But hey , what can you do ? I just taped it back together and still got a few months use out of it . I just recently purchased another critter trail habitat , this one a bit smaller , and it 's also really good.I think these are probably the best small animal habitats on the market .
 I own the SportDog ProHunter 2400 , and added two of these collars to give me three in total.The collars work great , I 've never had a problem with them . I 've replaced the rechargeable batteries after 2 years of use , which is normal given how I allowed them to totally discharge.The ProHunter 2400 has its limitations , but that is not what this review is about . The collars work every time , and are very rugged . We have 3 large breed dogs who play hard , they have n't so much as scratched them.Note
 Got the Add a collar for my son and he said it was working great -LRB- once I called and get it programed and added on :--RRB- -RRB- a very good product and arrived when i needed it .
 Considering I 've only had Purigen in two filters for less than 48 hours , this review may be too early.However , based on what I 've observed so far , I think it may be of some help to others for me to let you know my initial impression.First , there 's no filter media on the market that 's like it . Purigen is made up of millions of tiny synthetic macro resin absorbent . These absorbents act as lock in sponges in the removal nitrogenous waste.Nitrogenous waste is the waste material from fish and plants that , along with uneaten food left to decompose is the cause enemy # 1 - ammonia . Purigen does more than remove ammonia , it also removes soluble and insoluble impurities from the water at rate of 500 % more than any other product on the market.It also increase the Redox Potential in your aquarium . I had to research this , but in a nut shell - Redox is the loss of a molecule or atom to gain another molecule or atomWhen this happens essential minerals ca n't be absorbed by the fish , their immune system can be compromised making them more susceptible to disease . Redox Potential is not only a critically important part of keeping healthy water parameters and equally healthy fish - but something that 's almost entirely overlooked by hobbyists.Purigen encourage a healthy and balanced Redox Potential in aquariums which helps maintain richer oxygen levels and fend off disease . I chose to try Purigen out in a tank with hazy water , it gets direct sunlight so this has always been a problem . The Purigen itself is like a soft fine powder . I can see why you need to use such a fine mesh media bag of at least 180 . The Seachem media bag wo n't break down , has welded seams and a plastic snap around tie to prevent it from opening under water pressure . -LRB- make sure you fill the bag over a sink , that stuff can blow out everywhere -RRB- You know when your replacing media or adjusting something inside a canister filter , turn it back on and all the debris that 's been stirred up blasts into your tank ? Well , that 's exactly what happened , I thought I would do a 50 % water change and siphon the gravel . But was pressed for time . I return home an hour later and the water is completely clean - and I do n't mean just clean but pristine and sparkling.Back in 2010 after I bought my first UV sterilizer , I posted about it here on Amazon . I was amazed at how in 24 hours the water had become so beautifully clear . That was nothing compared to this , it was as if I had my Diatom XL running for 48 hours straight . The water is so absolutely crystal - it 's almost surreal . Considering Purigen can be regenerated over and over it 's economical to boot.After six months if it 's turned a dark brown you soak the entire bag in a 1 ; 1 solution of bleach and water and it returns to it 's original state . You rinse it well , soak it in water treated with Prime and you 're good to go for another six months . I 'm more than incredibly impressed with Purigen and have already ordered more - it 's going into every filter we have .
 500ml of Purigen is what I ordered . And I received 500ml of Purigen . It 's a good product . I 'm still waiting on my new filter to get here to use it , but many people I know use it with great success . Make sure you get `` The Bag '' From Seachem as well ! It 's a 180 Micron Bag designed to hold Purigen , you - WILL - Need it .
 Seachem Purigen is a good product if you have ammonia , nitrite , nitrate problems . I have a dwarf shrimp farming business and I use this in two of my tanks because shrimp are more sensitive to water quality than fish . I definitely keep the nitrogenous compounds at nearly 0 in the water with this product . As far as the claims for this product go , I have to say they are accurate . Using this in an eheim classic I have 0/0/0 of the nitrogenous compounds.So why did I give this four stars ? Well , I have no proof of this but it seems as if purigen does take a small amount of nutrients out of the water as well . My evidence is that the tanks I use this in , the shrimp do not seem to reproduce and thrive as well as the tanks I do not use this in -LRB- shrimp use nutrients in the water column -RRB- . I would definitely recommend this product to fish keepers and anyone that has problems with nitrogenous compounds , but for shrimp keepers I would recommend using an additional nutrient source when using purigen .
 This stuff is amazing ! Works exactly as it claims . I had a huge tannin issue from new driftwood and dirt substrate and I added this to my canister filter and it remove the stain from my water in no time . Recharging it seems a bit complicated , but it 's worth it .
 Its like a rechargeable battery that replaced the need for carbon in your tanks . I 've outfitted all my plant community and planted shrimp only tanks with these tiny balls . You have to use panty hose or the seachem bag ; other wise you will have a gazillion little balls floating in your tank .
 So far it works well and makes the water crystal ... however I have yet to test its nitrate reducing capabilities ? But I have high hopes and seachem makes quality products !
 THIS IS THE BEST PRODUCT I HAVE BOTH FOR MY FISH , I WORKS REALLY GOOD . I JUST WISH I UNDERSTAND HOW TO REUSE IT
 It 's so small you have to use an incredibly fine mesh bag to use it -LRB- seachem makes one -RRB- , but it 's worth that pain . My nitrates got under control within a week after I started to use it , which was my main reason to try it .
 This is by far the best thing out on the market . Keeps my tank fresh from Nitrite , nitrate and ammonia
 I use biofoam in all the baskets in my Fluval 406 filter and then place this in Seachem bags in the uppermost chamber . My 125 gallon freshwater tank is maintaining PERFECT water quality at almost $ 0 monthly cost to maintain . HIGHLY recommend this RECHARGEABLE filter media . Great value for the money !
 I use this to remove tannis from the water of my freshwater tanks that have driftwood . No matter how many times you boil driftwood before you put it in the tank , you can never get all the color out . Purigen takes it out of the fishwater . I prefer not to regenerate the Purigen as I have followed the directions carefully but somehow get a little trace of chlorine that puts my fish over the edge - it 's happen to me multiple times . Instead I buy Purigen in bulk and just empty out the bags and refill and tie off with a plastic tie . Also gets color out of tank water that has dirt as a substrate - yes , dirt will color your water especially in a nano tank . Love Purigen . Just wished it did n't cost so much .
 I have to admit I 've seen a huge difference in my water quality and clarity after using Purigen . Nitrates have lowered , holding steady at < 20 ppm . I could never get them this low unless I did partial water changes every week which was getting old . The clarity of the water has , as expected , made my tank look more vibrant and fresh.Pros
 ok so i did not want to buy 3 different bags from seachem for 10 bucks each so i did a bit of searching pantyhose work perfect soak them in bleack for a hour or so then in prime to get the clorene out bleach kills the bad stuff from where there made at like dust and the dye and stuff and prime removes the clorene then just throw the stuff right in a panbtyhoe and tahdah i did of corse twist it and double it then tie it off and it works perfect gota love ingenuityalso this stuff is AMAZING it has made my tank so unbelivebly clear its not even funny i ddi not even know it was possible to make it so clear i love this stuff
 I have two red-eared sliders , and when I first got them I was not happy with the smell of their tank . No matter how often I changed the water or what kind of filter I used , they still smelled . Finally someone turned me on to Purigen , and it really was amazing . It not only removed all traces of the turtle smell , it also removed all of the discoloration from the water . I 've been using it for about two years now , and I tell anyone who 's thinking about getting turtles to make sure they stock up !
 My two syrians take turns getting the Revolution and you can see how anxious the reciever is and the sad look in the givers eyes . Not only do they both spend hours a day running in the wheel , but they spend alot of time in the housing area as well.In the middle of the wheel is a platform with a waterbottle , a house and a food bowl . My hammies immediately empty the food bowl into their pouches , hide it in the house , and spend a lazy afternoon sleeping and snacking.As for clean up , if you wipe it down with a warm washcloth 1-2 times a week you should n't have any problem with it , as any mess does n't have time to cling and become hard to wipe off . Also , any mess they make while running falls into a tray at the bottom for easy clean up . I fill it with a bit of bedding so I can dump-rinse-replace . Initially I thought the wheel would be too big for them , but they have no problem running in it and I doubt it would be hard for even a dwarf to run in it . I think this is a great exercise wheel for any hamster ! It 's better to have a spacey wheel than one thats too small ... : -RRB-
 I do n't recommend this as the only house for your rodents . But I do recommend it as a habit trail / exercise wheel.My gerbils had most of the second floor chewed out , I ended up ripping the middle part out.Also I had to tape the bottom door shut as they chewed their way out of it.I do n't think its noisey like the first review states . It makes an excellent running area for my gerbils -LRB- who have almost every piece of the crittertrail collection -RRB- . I like that its has pleanty of space to run around esspecially after removing the second floor . My gerbils do not care for the small habit trails in their cages and in some cases have become nothing more than a storage area for wood for chewing.I give it a 4 . Works great as a exercise room , but its sucks as a home .
 I have one already and my hamster loves it . My new hamster -LRB- Cloe -RRB- is going to get the same thing and hopefully give the same results !!!!!!!!!!!!!
 Hambone the hamster is on his 2nd Revolution , I bought one for him and he loved it SO much he ran in it 10-12 hrs . per night ! My husband and I always remarked how we could n't believe he could run that many hours per night . We 'd get up at 7:30 -8:00 a.m. and he 'd STILL be running while we were having our coffee ! But the wheel started acting funny and slowing down about the 3rd month , and I did n't know you can purchase new parts -LRB- only replacement parts -RRB- , i.e. rubber wheel , etc , directly from the manufacturer . So I stupidly threw it away and purchased a new one for him . He was so depressed while we were awaiting his new Revolution to arrive , he only used his small regular cage wheel about 4-5 hrs . per night . As of last night he is back up to 10 hrs . of fun after I installed his new giant Revolution wheel ! SO ... . if you want to provide your hamster with ultimate fun , and a trade off of expense and a little scraping noise , this is the item to buy . It sounds like the first lady 's hamster was a complete lunatic , I 've not had any problems with chewing or opening doors , simply make sure they 're closed properly and keep the poor hamster happy ! Imagine being trapped in a cage all of your life and you 'll start placing creativity at the top of your list ! Any hamster wheel makes a lot of noise , and hamsters ARE nocturnal , so if you ca n't deal with it , put the hamster cage in a room where you can close the door every night ! I really like this cage for a wheel , not a full-time cage . Have yourself some fun adding on some tubes , other cages , hideouts and other parts , your hamster will be thankful !
 I 've had this cage for two years ! While on it 's own it is nota sufficient cage but as an add-on to other cages it is great forlarge hamsters ! I have two large hamsters and every night theybeg to go into this cage . I really need to get another one so they do n't have to take turns . They love it ! They 'll run for hours in it . With other cages it is so hard to find a wheel large enough for the syrian hamsters as most as sized for dwarfs , but with the Revolution as an add-on to othercrittertrail , habitrail , ovo cages etc. , your problems are solved . Somehamsters will chew off the blue rubber washer on the top of the cage butparts are easily ordered from the Superpet International website . Thedoors can break after a while but I just order new ones when they wearoff . To stop noise while they 're running I put some tape around themetal axle to keep it guiet and it turns easier . This is also good ifthe hamster chews off the blue rubber washer . It has a pull out trayat the bottom for waste products that can easily be cleaned every day.The hideaway and food bowl is too small for a large hamster so I leavethat out . Otherwise this is a great exercise wheel cage as an add-onto your existing cages for a large hamster .
 I did n't buy my CritterTrail Revolution on Amazon but am writing a review of it here because it seems to be the best place to add one -LRB- at least according to Google -RRB- . Before buying this I had the Habitrail Ovo Suite and Maze , but did n't feel it was totally sufficient for my hyperactive hamster . So I went about looking for the most interesting exerciser I could find.After a failed first try -- the CritterTrail Turn-About , which is utterly worthless -- I thought I 'd try the CritterTrail Revolution . I had read some negative reviews of it but they all seemed to point to its flaws as a stand-alone cage , whereas I only needed it for its giant wheel . And in that regard , it absolutely does not disappoint . The first time my hamster tried it out he did n't leave for half an hour . I even left the door open and rattled his food container -LRB- which normally gets his attention -RRB- and he did n't bother coming out . It 's wide enough to let them turn around or move in a `` zig-zag '' as they run , something no other wheel allows . And for the size of it it 's fairly quiet . I 've only had the Revolution a week but he genuinely seems to enjoy using it , spending hours running on the wheel and intermittently daydreaming upstairs . Am I projecting my own satisfaction on the hamster ? Almost certainly . But there is something very hypnotic about watching him run in the Revolution , sort of like watching clothes in a dryer.As for the rest of the cage , I do n't really use most of it . I 've added the top platform but not the house or water bottle . -LRB- I really do n't need to add any more cage parts to my cleaning routine . -RRB- Also , I agree with reviews that say the Revolution is insufficient if put to use as a stand-alone cage and supplemented with nothing else . The largest amount of flat , open surface is only about 5 '' square , and the house is the only place for the hamster to hide away . It does n't seem nearly stimulating or large enough to function as a cage . But as an additional wheel to another cage , I have to think it 's unbeatable.As for the problems ... I do notice that CritterTrail 's quality is somewhat lacking in general . Latches do n't close with complete assurance , the plastic feels somewhat brittle , and pieces that should snap together , do n't . Mine also had a rubbing sound as it revolved , which I fixed by adding some spacers in the axle groove -LRB- two small hexagonal nuts did the trick -RRB- . And I should point out that although I 've linked this up to my Ovo Suite and Maze , the two manufacturers ' tubes are not a perfect fit -LRB- nor did they ever claim to be -RRB- . They click in place , but very lightly , and do not hold together by any means . I 've just wedged the two cages together and hope the hamster never realizes the weakness is there to exploit . If you plan on combining the two systems , you 'll need to figure out a way to secure the cages in place so the tube connections ca n't be pushed apart.All told , I highly recommend using this as an additional exerciser for your hamster , but not as its only living space .
 We purchased this cage for our four Roborovski dwarf hamsters and it is working out just splendidly . The greatest benefit is that the wire mesh is tight enough that these little ones can not get out `` through the bars , '' as they are always able to do with most hamster cages . While the wheel itself is MUCH to large for their weight to operate , we simply put a peg in to stop it from turning and inserted a small wheel in the lower space . The two doors provide great access and the small house is a perfect fit for creatures their size . Also , the expansive ability makes this a great buy . We ca n't wait to hook up the 30 feet of tubing we just bought from SuperPet . -LRB- Also , for Roborovski 's , this is an easy to clean cage and again , just the right size . -RRB-
 I was scared to buy this item do to the rating and the problems but I still got it . I have five mice and I need the room for them . When I bought the cage I read lots of reviews of the problems . This cage is not a slap together easy but when you take the time putting it together I had no mice missing or broke cage . I have had it for three months now and I still love it . I clean it out ever two weeks -LRB- my mice are potty trained -RRB- just pop the yellow hide out and pull the yellow floors out open all the doors and take wash cloth to wash down .
 The cage is quite large -- four floors in total if you could the petting zone . My gerbils love this cage . They sleep in their petting zone -LRB- they actually take the bedding inside the bottom of the cage and take it up there to make their own den -RRB- . The only con I have is that my gerbils were unfamiliar with their water bottle so I had to put another one in for access on the bottom floor . I also have realized that they will use the bottom floor , second floor , and fourth floor -- but not the third . I am unsure why . They also enjoy the built in wheel and love to run in it . If you are in the market for a cage for a hamster or a gerbil , this is the best cage I would ever recommend . It 's easy to take apart , and easy to put back in place . You just need a little patience to make each floor of the cage level and straight .
 My sons gerbil loves climbing up and down the tubes the gerbil likes it so much my younger son accidentally opened the spring lock door on bottom level where the gerbil could have just climbed out but when my older son found out the gerbil was just chillin ' in the cage still there so my son was SO happy . Only downside is kids can just open the cage like i mentioned but my son locks his door from the outside so my little one and our dog ca n't get in .
 I bought this cage for 3 Winter White baby girls after the mom unexpectedly gave birth . This is a lovely cage for them . It offers enough room for them to run around & play . They LOVE all the tunnels and sleeping in the petting zone . And I put their food dish on one of the platforms to give them more space in the bottom . I love that you can add on to it with all the different accessories that are available . This cage is very easy to take apart and clean , and it is well made . I have several other CritterTrail cages for my other Winter Whites and I 've never had issue with any of them . The only complaint I have is about the water bottle . Because of the spring loaded ball it made it extremely difficult for them to drink out of , so I replaced it with a small Petco water bottle . Also , the wheel is a little noisy , but I 've had MUCH worse , so it 's not a big deal . Overall , this cage is a super habitat for my hammies , and I will DEFINITELY be buying more CritterTrail cages in the future !
 i got this cage for my hamster and she loves it and its really easy to clean and to put together i love this cage lasts for two or more years really good .
 This is a great cage for my hamster , Oreo.When I first went to clean it , it fell apart . I had my sister hold the top of it and I took off the base to clean it . No problem at all ! -LRB- Just a 2 person job -RRB- Before this cage , she had a glass water bottle that hung . I put that in the cage . She did n't know how to use the plastic bottle . It came with a food dish too , which is neon yellow . -LRB- I already had a food dish , though ! -RRB- Oreo loved the tube that connected to the top sleeper . That 's where her nest was . She also stored food there , too . It 's see through , which was nice to be able to see her.I bought mine on Amazon thru Drs Foster and Smith .
 Quite frankly , I consider myself to be a veteran of these habitats by now as this is the third one I have recently ordered for my two new adorable pet mice , Meg and Gwendolyn.I DO NOT BELIEVE THAT ANY OF THESE HABITATS ARE SUITABLE FOR ANY RODENTS LARGER THAN TINY MICE . The habitats are just too fragile and unstable . I would look towards a wire cage solidly built with a suitable exercise wheel and at least one level . However , if I had to choose one of the three I have recently experimented with for a larger rodent , I would definitely choose the Extreme Challenge Habitat as it is the strongest.The first CritterTrail habitat I tried was the Large Clear View one . This one is simply too dangerous , as the water bottle and the wheel are both attached to the outside of the cage and the plug in is so weak that they easily fall off when in use , and the rodent escapes . It happened to me -LRB- I ended up Scotch taping the attachments to the cage -RRB- , and I know that other reviewers have reported pet deaths due to a family cat catching the escaped rodents . Luckily , mine fell with the opening facing down , I heard the noise , immediately went to check on things and was able to shoo my cat away from the scene before having to face the horror it could have resulted in.Another warning
 We bought the Critter Trail Three Habitat approximately 4 years ago for just 2 mice . Over time we had 5 different mice in it and now 2 hamsters . None ever escaped . cleaning was fine . Best to just take the base off , clean it . Then take out and clean the individual levels . We had additional tubes and we cleaned those with a baby bottle brush . Our cage never `` fell apart '' ! Today I am buying a new one because the cat knocked it off the counter and , of course , it broke ! The noise scared him and the hamsters survived . Luckily we also have a small `` travel '' size Critter Trail . So I am buying the SAME Critter Trail Three because it worked out great for us!Added : While looking for the habitat to purchase I realized there have been some changes made to the cage . I decided to find one on another site that is the same as the one that got broke .
 These products by this company are by far the best . We have 6 shih tzus to take care of and use mostly products from this company .
 I ordered two boxes of these bones for my commercial kennel . I chose the Sportmix products because I was assured by their customer service rep -LRB- who responded to my inquiry within the hour -RRB- that the ingredients and manufacturing are US-based . I do not purchase foreign pet food ingredients - particularly China-made pet products . I am thoroughly happy with the apparent palatability of the bones . The dogs fall over each other to get one . I am a little dissatisfied with the condition of many of the bones - about 20 % of them are broken due to packaging . They are not stacked - just loosely placed in the box to be knocked around during delivery . This is the only thing I can fault , though . Otherwise , a fair priced , quality , USA MADE product .
 I have 2 sixty pound American Staffordshire Terriers , aka Pitt Bulls . Mugsy and Spookey seem to realy enjoy the Biscuts . I ordered 2 boxes of Biscuts , which in the future , I 'll only order one box at a time . As I did not relize how much twenty pounds of dog biscuts are.Wells SPORTMiX Golden Dog Biscuit Treats , Extra Large - 20 lb . BagA lot to say the least .
 Fresh , excellent quality & excellent value . They are American-made -LRB- no scary China junk ! -RRB- . Fast shipping & my little babies love them ... what more can you ask for !
 This HUGE box FILLED with dog biscuits makes my dogs bounce with joy when they see me heading to gather treats for them . Altho the company calls them &#34; extra large &#34; , I would say they were on the small side . That makes me feel better . I 'm not creating the dog version of the world 's biggest loser .
 I 've used this in the past , and it 's always seemed to work perfectly.Use it in your filter about a week , and it will remove virtually all copper from your aquarium .
 I ordered two boxes of these bones for my commercial kennel . I chose the Sportmix products because I was assured by their customer service rep -LRB- who responded to my inquiry within the hour -RRB- that the ingredients and manufacturing are US-based . I do not purchase foreign pet food ingredients - particularly China-made pet products . I am thoroughly happy with the apparent palatability of the bones . The dogs fall over each other to get one . I am a little dissatisfied with the condition of many of the bones - about 20 % of them are broken due to packaging . They are not stacked - just loosely placed in the box to be knocked around during delivery . This is the only thing I can fault , though . Otherwise , a fair priced , quality , USA MADE product .
 I have 2 sixty pound American Staffordshire Terriers , aka Pitt Bulls . Mugsy and Spookey seem to realy enjoy the Biscuts . I ordered 2 boxes of Biscuts , which in the future , I 'll only order one box at a time . As I did not relize how much twenty pounds of dog biscuts are.Wells SPORTMiX Golden Dog Biscuit Treats , Extra Large - 20 lb . BagA lot to say the least .
 Fresh , excellent quality & excellent value . They are American-made -LRB- no scary China junk ! -RRB- . Fast shipping & my little babies love them ... what more can you ask for !
 This HUGE box FILLED with dog biscuits makes my dogs bounce with joy when they see me heading to gather treats for them . Altho the company calls them &#34; extra large &#34; , I would say they were on the small side . That makes me feel better . I 'm not creating the dog version of the world 's biggest loser .
 Great treat for training and rewarding your pet . My dog loves these treats . The size works so well for my dogs too .
 this wheel is so creative . my hamsters love to play in it almost all day . they are dwarf hamsters , so they run alot , and the wheel has not worn out or squeaked .
 Not bad . The pearl color is a beautiful addition to the aquarium . The material is soft , ideal for a the delicate fins of a beta fish . Recommended .
 I use this to repel fleas from my dogs and it really works . Right after I spray them I see the fleas jump right off the dogs . I also use flea drops on them and use this as an added flea control . I like it because it 's safe .
 I keep soft , acidic water fish which matches my tap water perfectly which is 1.8 to 2.5 dGH -LRB- degrees General Hardness -RRB- throughout the year.However , this is too soft for plants which need a little bit of hardness in the water to get calcium , magnesium , and potassium . I use Flourish Comprehensive for my fertilizer , but it assumes that you have those three elements in abundance in your tap water because most of North America does have medium hard to hard water.I needed something that would raise my GH , while not changing the KH and pH. I need a low KH so that my pH stays low . If the KH raised the water would have more buffering capacity and my pH would rise to my tap water 's 7.6 instead of staying at the 6.4 my tanks have established at.For dosing I use the API liquid GH test kit to determine the hardness of my tank 's water . I then follow the dosing instructions on the bottle to raise my GH until it 's at 4-5 dGH . Still soft water , but not so soft the plants suffer . I put the Equilibrium into a 1 gallon water jug , fill with tank water , then shake to mix it a little before dumping back in the tank . Not all of the minerals will dissolve , so you 'll see solid chunks float down to the bottom of your substrate . That 's all right , and they 'll fully dissolve within an hour . It 's not a problem if your fish pick at it thinking it might be food , it wo n't harm them.For measuring I use a scale that measures in grams . It allows me to get a precise amount of Equilibrium without having to try and guess how much fractional tablespoons would be .
 I received the item quickly , and was extremely pleased . The item is as good as anything you would pay more for at a chain pet store . Would n't hesitate to purchase from this seller again .
 My 7 year old Tabby can not get enough of this brush.He loves to rub his face against the pins and immediatelyflops to one side when I brush his back.This is a great product , even for short hair cats .
 We have two cats and as soon as we got this , they acted like this was what they had been missing from life . They love getting brushed , and this gets all the gross loose hairs out of their fur . They had been shedding all over the house , but this keeps it under control pretty well . Very easy to clean and a great purchase for the price . I would definitely recommend .
 This brush is well made with a nice handle that is easy to hold . I have a rather long-haired cat who 's coat is a mess and he hates when I try to comb or brush him . I have other `` grooming tools '' but I have n't had any luck with them on his coat . This new brush has sturdy pins with rounded tips and the length of the `` pins '' is good for a longer coat . My cat looked suspiciously at the new brush , but I started with long soft strokes and so far he has n't tried to run away . I think with time he will come to enjoy the brushing with this brush , I like it and hopefully so will my cat !
 This works well for long haired cats . It gets out light knots and is comfortable to hold . It is also lightweight with all round edges so it 's really safe to use . : -RRB-
 When I bring this brush out , all three cats head for my lap ! They love being brushed with the nubby ends , which do n't pull their fur as some other brushes can do . When the brush looks a bit dingy , I just run very hot tap water over it , and it 's as good as new . I would definitely buy this again .
 This brush very sturdy and think it works well but my cat will not let me comb or brush her long hair . The only thing wrong was that I think one tooth was missing when I received this but not a big deal .
 This is a superbly designed brush . It seems to feel good to the cats as it strokes and gathers loose fur and is a snap to clean . Never before have we had a brush that all three cats liked , but this one works for everyone . Even the cat who objected strenuously to being brushed in the past is alright with this one . I have two brushes , each in a location where the cats like to come for a cuddle , so that it 's easy to pick up one when the opportunity arises .
 I got this brush for Miss Lily my cat of 7 years . I had tried other brushes -LRB- the kind with the tight rows of bristles -RRB- they work great but she has sensitive skin and never cared for being brushed with them . So I picked one of these up to give a try . The brush itself is fine , comfortable grip and easy to use but it does next to nothing for medium and short hair cats when it comes to removing loose hair.It does work better on long hair cats however . I used it on Moe , my wife 's older , tubby and cantankerous cat ... who has completely given up bathing in his old age . The brush performed much better with Moe and he spent considerable time making out with the brush by rubbing his cheeks on it.Overall not a bad brush , but not the best for short and medium hair cats for any kind of real shedding/hair removal .
 I have two persian cats who really benefit from this brush . All my other brushes and combs were stripping away theirundercoat . This is much more gentle and does not seem to hurt their skin . After combing this brush helps to lift the fur ... both my girls look like persians should .
 What else can I say ? The price was certainly right , my cat definitely loves this brush , and even with the shipping charge I think it was a good deal .
 The brush is soft and works really well ... . I also use it on my little yorkie and it does not hurt him . The cat loves the softness yet the hair pulls out nicely . Worth the price and worth buying
 This brush is just perfect . When you use it you get a good and comfortable grip which makes the grooming job a lot more pleasant . But that 's not all , the cats find it great too . I have got ten cats , seven of whom have long hair and this brush is really ideal and effective doing a great job , gently removing dead hair and untangling the cats ' coats . A five-star grooming item which I could n't do without now , neither could the cats !!!!
 The GripSoft Cat Pin Brush arrived right on time , and my three -LRB- 3 -RRB- cats absolutely LOVE IT . My new vet recommended a softer pin brush , replacing the metal ones I had been using for a long time . So I searched on Amazon and came up with this product . I am VERY satisfied with it as are my cats.The handle fits my hand exactly , no slipping like with the metal ones . The soft cushion curves with the cats ' heads , necks and soft tummies nicely . They move around my legs indicating where they would love to be brushed next ... and I happily comply.Outstanding product . Customers enjoyed it , especially their Momma . Thanks JW Pet . I have been referring it to friends already.JW Pet Company GripSoft Cat Pin BrushIt is high quality . And the Amazon price was purr-fect also .
 Wonderful product for sensitive-skinned dogs . My horse-coat Shar Pei developed skin allergies this summer and had large patches of dead skin , not to mention a entire dog 's worth of loose hair . I gave him a thorough brushing and it got up all the skin and hair without being painful . I highly recommend this brush for all problem-skinned pooches !
 I have four different cat brushes on hand -- five if you count this one . I am always looking for a better brush , because the ones I have either do n't do a good job , or the cats hate them . I 'm thinking I can now end my search for a better brush!I do n't know why it is so effective , but it removes more loose fur , yet my cats like it . Two of my cats are RagaMuffins with long , rabbit-like fur , and a third kitty is a mixed breed with long hair . I have tried the brush on all three of them , and it works very well . I do n't use it on my fourth kitty , who has extremely short hair , because he requires a different type of bristle.To test how effective the brush was , I used the Furminator after brushing them , as I would normally do , and there was very little extra fur removed by the Furminator . Usually after brushing , there is still a lot of fur removed by it . I 'm hoping I can cut back on the use of the Furminator from now on , because my cats do n't like it . I would definitely recommend this brush for people with long-haired cats .
 This is a fantastic brush . The handle is made in such a way that it is very easy and comfortable to use . The tines work well at removing my cat 's hair without causing him any pain . I strongly recommend to others .
 We 've bought many cat slicker brushes over the past 30 years . This particular brush 's wire bristles are holding their shape very well , much better than other brands . Handle is comfortable . Can recommend as a nice gift to cat owners .
 We have three cats , two of which enjoy being brushed and the third one does not.When the time came to replace their old brushes , I bought two of the GripSoft Cat Slicker brushes and what can I say - ALL cats love to be brushed now ! My old brushes were also made by JW but it seems that with the new ones it is not only the grip that is soft , the bristles seem gentler as well . My Siamese who always tried to escape the brushing -LRB- and who also has allergies , resulting in sensitive , itchy skin -RRB- now purrs up a storm and enjoys the procedure . I could not be happier with these brushes .
 My cats absolutely love this brush , my short-haired ones , as well as my long-haired ones . It 's really good for short-haired cats who shed a lot , I find , and it 's so easy just to pull the hair from the brush when it gets full . This makes for great bonding time with your cat/s . The handle length and grip are perfect . Very much worth the money .
 so it does n't matter what brush I get , my male cat will definitely put up a good swat fight with me . this brush will allow me to get more coverage without having to go over the same area more than two times , saving me from a quality beat down here . The handle is nice , the bristles are thin and spaced nicely so they dont tug at the coat , instead gently pull out old growth and clean off dirt dust and grassy weeds . it gets the job done quick , would recommend for those fussy felines who just hate being groomed on any level .
 The bristles are n't that long and the circle of it is kind of small , the brush is nice though and my cat 's love it .
 Our kitty does n't want to be brushed , until we start brushing him with it . Then , he is astonished and perplexed about how good it feels .
 Works good for brushing the cat . No longer have a cat . Seller was great .
 Great quality product for the price . I am very happy with this purchase . Received order very quickly as well .
 My search for the best boots ended.The item was excellent and it was worthy.Seller service was good and delivered on time.ThanksVenkat Gaddam
 The dog boots I bought are ok , there is no water going into them , but I would like them to be more quiet while my dog is walking.Bye
 The shoes have been a life saver for our dog . His back legs are paralyzed and were getting injured when he would walk in his wheelchair . The shoes have protected his feet . I am very pleased with the quality and the price .
 We use a single shoe for my great dane . He has a foot injury that requires him to wear protective covering so that he does n't chew his healing skin . If you use this for a short bursts the shoes are great . However , if you are walking daily on them you will see them start to tear at the seams . I do like that they cover most of my dogs lower leg and all of his foot for trekking through the snow . They keep his foot dry and that is what we need to help him heal and to keep him from gnawing the wound .
 Our dog takes cosequin daily and having the 250 count bottle for the price is awesome . Save a ton of money buying online rather than through the vet .
 Nutramax Cosequin DS Double Strength Capsules work quickly and effectively ! We give our 80 lb . dog one capsule morning and evening and within about a week the improvement in his mobility was evident ! He is more active , has a spring in his step , climbs and descent stairs and rises from a prone position like he used to and overall just seems to feel better ! It was a real find that provided a real solution and made a truly positive difference in our dog 's health !
 My mom 's dog is a 10 year old German shepherd with severe osteo-arthritis . She lives in Brazil , and the equivalent supplement to Cosequin her dog was taking in there was just not making any effect ... His back legs have become quite stiff , his energy level have declined , he complains in pain after taking showers , even with warm water , and was having difficulty getting around.The choices were either long term harsh anti-inflammatory or if he did n't show an improvement , euthanasia :-LRB- . Well ... . We gave Cosequin a try , and lo and behold , it worked immediately . The very next day he was more alert , wanted to go for his walk , and was showing much less signs of pain . As recommended , we started with double of the dosage for two weeks , and then proceeded for the regular dose . Since his condition is so severe , we did not decrease the dosage to the recommended dosage - we kept him on the regular amount.Unfortunately mom ran out of it and he got worst ... . I sent her another 250 capsule bottle but customs take forever in Brazil , so he suffered for a little while . Again , to prove that this supplement really works , he was doing really poorly , and immediately after he started taking again he started feeling great!He really likes the taste as well - mom opens the capsule and sprinkles it on a piece of boiled meat in the morning - it is his treat . She says it smells like milk , and he has no trouble eating it.This has greatly improved his quality of life - awesome product !
 Great product for our large German Shepard who is getting older and having a hard time moving . This product is easy to ingest for our dog since it is a sprinkle capsule .
 Our vet charged us $ 80 for 135 count of this medicine . As you know now this price is much better . The vet told us to put half a pill once a day on our 9lb dog 's food . She eats it right up , and the best part is the pill pulls apart and we use the other half the next day . The pill is full of a powder so we can just sprinkle it right on .
 Love this stuff ! It has worked so well for my 2 senior Great Danes . After several weeks of Cosequin DS twice a day they both are much more flexible and have an easier time moving around . I highly recommend it .
 Help relieve the swelling in joints after injuries . After I started my dog on this her joints are not as stiff and the mobility have improved visibly .
 I am in dog rescue , and the dogs I rescue are in rough shape when they arrive.Boomer is a Senior Shepard mix , when he arrived he only weighed 39 lbs . and could not walk well on his own due to be so malnourished . After taking 2 Cosequin DS every day and a healthy diet , he not only can walk on his own , he can climb up and down stairs , meander around the yard without falling down ! I no longer have to hold him up to go to the bathroom!Jack a Senior Beagle came to me with the vet stating Atrophy had set in his hind leg . When he first came he could only walk on 3 legs , held the other one up . After one month on Cosequin DS he can not only walk on all 4 legs , he can run , climb 2 flights of stairs without a problem.These are 2 examples of many I have regarding the amazing effects Cosequin DS has on remedying joint problems.I have been using Cosequin DS for years , Amazon offers the very best prices for this product !
 Same product I was buying from my vet for four times the money . Crucial supplement for any dogs with joint issues . Sprinkle on the food and they like the taste . Shipping was fast and accurate . Will buy again .
 This is a life saving product . Before Daisy started taking it , she could barely get up off of the floor . Since she has started taking Cosequin DS , she 's made a great improvement .
 My dog damaged her ACL while playing ball . The vet said to repair it was expensive and not always a cure . He recomended this product . After taking this for 3 months she stopped limping . After 6 months she 's back to playing ball . I now give her these on a regualr basis to keep her going .
 My vet recommended these supplements for my dogs , ages 11 , 12 , and 13 . After only a week my dogs were running , jumping and playing like they did when they were pups !! Consequin Double Strength gives them the mobility that they had in their youth . Purchasing the supplements online is significantly cheaper than what I paid the Vet , so I 'm saving quite a bit .
 Our dog has been on this for about 7 years and has really helped him . He takes it 2x 's a day for his immune-mediated arthritis . Fast shipping and a great value . Thanks
 I 've been using the product for many years for my rescue rottweilers at the advice of my veterinarian , so at this point it is the best price that attracts me to one vendor over another
 We were given a bottle of the medication by our veterinarian -LRB- for over $ 100 -RRB- to help with our dog 's joint problems . It worked really well , but it was next to impossible to get my dog to take these capsules -LRB- the reason for four stars instead of five -RRB- . We can not give him canned food - he has a sensitive stomach and does not tolerate it . We were thankful when we did a search for this medication and saw it comes in a beef flavored pill -LRB- the same name brand , drug , and dose , just a different form -RRB- . We only bought one bottle of this version of this herbal drug - we buy the beef flavored pills now which my dog gobbles up like a treat .
 The vet said my dog needed knee reconstructive surgery , but after a month on cosequin and rimadyl -LRB- dog anti-inflammatory -RRB- he is running around like a pup . The pills are easy to split . My dogs will eat it if it 's ground into powder and added to their food .
 Found the vendor to be be fairly priced and able to deliver product immediately and efficiently . Would definitely purchase from them again !
 My dog has really benefitted from these pills - which I got at a very good price . Thanks .
 We have 2 dogs taking Cosequin DS , so being able to purchase two bottles for such a reasonable price is great ! It was delivered in just a couple of days even though I chose standard ground shipping .
 Hi , my dog had a TPLO surgery , and her extremely experienced surgeon said that he had contributed to studies at Cornell Vet School on supplements like Cosequin DS , and that this brand is the best ; so we have been using it for a couple years and the dogs are doing great . My vet-office sells what they call a ` large ' bottle , but it is not as big as this one , and costs more ! So this is a great deal .
 Excellent product with an excellent price . Fash shipment , thank you very much . Will purchase from you again when these are gone .
 I have a 5 year old Australian Shepherd that developed a limp . I believe it was a result of years of frisbee and soccer . The vet checked her out from snout to tail and found nothing wrong with her , but the limp kept coming back and I was afraid she 'd be cut down in her prime . Then I put her on Cosequin and she 's been flying through the air ever since . 10 + months later shes been back to her old self . I still keep an eye on her , but so far so good , knock on wood .
 I 've been using Cosequin for my dog 's arthritis for 3 years and love it . This review is mainly about the seller ; I was very pleased with the promptness of the delivery and the packaging of the Cosequin . I would buy from them again .
 We started out giving our Austrailian shepherd two a day , and finally after a couple weeks the limping started to go away . After 3 months the vet said we could cut it to one a day and see how it went . She has been on these now for 3 years and now limp . We walk her 2 miles every day ... or should I say she makes us walk 2 miles .
 When your dog will not eat treats the supplementdoes need to be placed in her food or taken as a pill form with a pill pocket .
 This product is working for my dog very well . She is has problems in her rear hips and these pills are definitely helping her . I will reorder when the time comes .
 My poodle is 11 1/2 and has had arthrits for 5 or so years and was taking the GlycoFlex III which worked fine for a coulpe years but now is on this & he is a NEW Dog !!! Now I wish I had him on this all along ! He also takes Rymadyl which is a miricle pain killer for advanced athritis . He plays & runs like he has n't done for years !!!
 My soon-to-be 13 year old dog was limping after every walk . She 's been on these for about four months and no longer limps . She 's a bad pill taker , so I like that I can open the capsules and mix the powder in with her food . Quality product .
 If you have a dog that could be allergic to ingredients , this is good - not added ingredients . you can also pull apart ad just pu the powder in food . Capsules are also cheaper . Been using this for one of my labs to just , hopefully , keep him form having any joint problems . My other dog who has problemsand I give him Dasuqin which has more mg of the ingredients . Both were recommended by a vet .
 I have a female Australian Shepherd with mild hip problems and she is on a regiment of Cosequin DS as recommended by my vet at LSU . She is acting totally normal now and is showing great improvement . I do n't know if this will work in all cases , but it certainly has worked for her.CS
 Our greyhound had developed a severe limp , favoring a hind leg . Shortly after starting a regimin of cosequin , he now looks forward to his 3 walks a day .
 I have a 3 year old Labrador with Canine Osteochondritis Dessicans -LRB- OCD -RRB- . The only option given to me by my vet was surgery , and there was no guarantee of success . After researching online I decided to try Glucosamine/Chondoitrin tablets . I gave a double dose for 4 weeks , then went to one tablet a day after that . What an incredible difference ! Before my Lab would limp badly after exercise , but since being on the Cosequin tabs she has n't limped once ... even after strenuous runs that would have once incapacitated her completely ! I plan on keeping her on these tablets for the rest of her life ... I have no doubt they will improve her quality of life !
 Our 8 1/2 year old Boston Terrier , Daisy , was having pain in her rear leg/hip area . This was agonizing for us because she would sit and spin around groaning , and when we would try to help her she would yelp and cry . We started giving her Cosequin DS daily and after about 30 days there were no more incidences . Now , four months later , she is chasing squirrels like a pup . This stuff really seems to work .
 As promised . New package -LRB- sealed -RRB- with plenty of shelf life . Delivery was only about 3 days.Perfectly satisfied . Thank You
 Ok , I hope people understand how to use this product . It is NOT a magic bullet for pain , what it is , is a wonderful product that keeps joints lubricated . Period . If a dog has bad arthritis , it works synergistically < sp ? > with an anti- inflamatory drug like Rimadyl or Deramaxx . That being said , I give it to my 4 year old agility dog , to keep him flexible and find it to help him . I use the human form of this -LRB- Cosamin -RRB- and I think it helps me with my arthritis , i.e. , I know when i stop taking it I stiffen up . The Nutramax company does a lot of research , and I like the fact that they are making this in a sprinkle cap now , for dogs with allergies . I sprinke it on my dogs food and he gobbles it up . It is worth the extra $ $ $ $ .
 When I received my German Shepherd to be trained as my Service Dog , she was 2 1/2 years old . I took her to UC Davis Animal Hospital where she was given a complete exam including x-rays of her hips . She was OFA 'd excellent , but the Vet Orthopedist recommended the Cosequin DS as a daily supplement for her joints regardless . I follow her orders.The 2-pack was an economical buy , and it was delivered quickly . However , the company that shipped it did not include a `` free '' product that was promised by my entering a product coupon code .
 My 9 year old Collie mix began limping and was having a hard time standing up after resting . It looked like she was in pain , so I began giving her appropriate doses of aspirin . At the same time I found out about Cosequin DS and ordered it from this website . She has been taking it for about 2 weeks . It 's so heart-warming to see my sweet dog walking normally , and even running and bounding about in play . She is once again a happy dog , and that makes me very happy . This is a wonderful product !
 product arrived within a couple of days . My three year old boxer mix was born with hip displasia in both back hips . I originally used glycoflex iii , but tried the cosequin ds . both seemed to help , I ca n't tell which is better . It comes down to which is easier to get your pet to eat . very satisfied .
 One of our dogs has a pre-artritic condition . Our vet suggested this product and we bought the first dosages from our vet 's office . Near the end of the bottle we looked and found it via Amazon at a much more economical price.The product itself is easy . Open a capsule and dump it on their food -LRB- dry in our case -RRB- . Both of our dogs have not changed their eating habits since we started using it so it appears not to affect the taste . Our male Border College scarfs his food so the change is not a good test , but our female Australian Shepherd is a picky eater and she eats the same amount before and after.The only change we noticed is their stool is much firmer . Both had well-formed fesces before hand , but now it is even firmer . Picking up poo is no fun , but when it is not runny it is much easier .
 I have 2 American bulldogs . 1has knee problems . The vet recommended cosequin . I Was skeptical at first but desperate , so I bought it . I now give it to both my dogs . I noticed an improvement about 3/4 of the way through the 1st bottle . A severe limp to very slight . Now after a few bottles no limp . A good product .
 I bought some of this same product at the vet -LRB- $ 50 for 100 capsules -RRB- and it works great for my 14 year old dog , Kozmo . This was so much less money and is the same exact product as I got from the vet . I open the capsule and sprinkle it on his food and he eats it with the food -- and he is a fussy eater . I will buy this again when I run out .
 When it comes to Glucosamine and Chondroitin there is n't a brand to be trusted more than Cosequin.Around for decades , I 've used it with nothing but outstanding results for over 25 years . We have Old English Bulldogs , which are prone to hip and joint pain . Our six year old was showing signs of aching , stiff joints . I immediately started him on Cosequin and within 2-3 weeks it was like the clock has turned back 3 years.His gate is perfect , he 's back to jumping on the furniture and beds - without help . Not to mention running around the property which is something he has n't done in two years.Cosequin is a safe , wonderfully effective treatment and preventative . Rather than wait until your dog is showing signs of arthritis and joint deterioration many Veterinarians , breeders and seasoned dog lovers are urging folks to start their pooches early.In fact you 'll find both puppy and adult dog foods with Glucosamine listed in the ingredient list . Although research has concluded the trace amount is fairly insignificant and more of a marketing ploy then a substantiated health claim.Liquid glucosamine which you add to your pups water is becoming quite popular - however Veterinarians discourage this as you 'll have no control over your dogs daily dosage intake.The capsules are by far the easiest was to introduce your dog to Cosequin . Finicky eaters will turn their nose up at the chewable tablets and you might find yourself having to crush them into a powder , mix it in your pooches food and `` hope '' your dog will consume it.The capsules on the other hand could n't be easier . Pop them open and sprinkle the tasteless powder into the food , a quick mix and that 's that . The capsules themselves are gelatin so if you toss them in the sink they 'll simply dissolve.This by far the best deal I 've found on Cosequin , I did a double take to make sure I read the price correctly.Amazons price is an absolute bargain - and one of the kindest favors you can do for your best friend .5 Stars !
 I was skeptical at first as to how much this product could help our lab that suffers from a hip disorder . Upon receipt and administration of the product , I was quickly reassured that it was money well spent . Jake is a different dog when we use the Cosequin DS ; he is much more comfortable , has more energy and is generally a much happier camper ! Good Stuff !
 I have a fifteen year old bassett hound that suffered severly from arthritis to the point that I was about to put him down . My vet recommended that I try this product and it has done wonders !!!! He was at the point where his back end would not even work and now he can walk . He still has some days that he has little mobility especially when it is about to rain but he would not still be here with me today were it not for this product ! This is a great price as well ... much cheaper than buying from the vet !
 Our retriever is fourteen years old and was really having trouble getting up and down . We started giving him the prescribed dosage about a month ago and what a difference . He still lays around a lot but he can now get up and down and go to the bathroom with little effort . He used to fall down trying to go to the bathroom but no more . He walks around without pain or effort . Well worth the money .
 I have an 8 year old , 200 pound male Newfoundland with arthritis in his hips . When they first flared up last winter , he was put on Novox , 4 pills a day and Cosequin . I tried cheaper products and found they did nothing for him , so I spent the extra money for the Cosequin and with in weeks , I was able to wean him from 4 Novox pills/day to 1/2 of a Novox pill/day . The Cosequin made all the difference . I was thrilled when I found the Cosequin listed on Amazon . The prices are so much better than the other sites I had been using .
 This is my 2nd time ordering this for my 9yr old dog , he is a retired working dog and this has really helped his joints , 1 in the am 1 in the pm . I will continue to order this product .
 My 10 year old German Shepherd Dog has arthritis in his hips . It was getting so bad that he could not even lift his leg to mark without collapsing . It was sad to see . I started giving him Cosequin DS and within 3-4 weeks he was able to stand firm while marking and he is even able to run again without his back end collapsing .
 I do highly recommend this product for dogs with any arthric pain , I do the method of 3 caspules a day for a 55 pound dog , I will stay on this does till I see physical changes in a dog , less limping/easier getting up persay , at this point when I do see less limping/easier getting up up to 75 % at least I then will lower dosage to 2 capsules a day , when and if I see even better results I then will go to a steady dosage of 1 capsule a day , , , , though if limping/difficulty getting up increases , I will jump back up to 2 capsules a day , the dosage will always depend on how well the dog is doing , when their are NO benefits with this product it is absolutely a trip to the vets for further testing , , you can always go up to 4 capsules a day also and then start lowering dosage till your dog is 100 % where they are happy/less pain , , , but needless to say if your dog is not getting better please seek the advice of your Veterinarian , best of luck .
 Thanks for making it so easy for me to give my german shepherds these great supplements . They enjoy them everyday as a treat , no trouble having them take their daily dosage with this chewable tablet
 I spent hundreds in vets bill when my Rottie developed a limp as a puppy . The doctors gave him pain meds hoping he would grow out of it , he did n't . The next option was steroids , which I did n't want to put my dog through . I did a little research online and found 2 ingredients that are found in this product will infact support and repair joints . I 'm no doctor and am not giving advice , but my dog stopped limping in the first week and has never limped again . It is a lifetime supplement for him now , but much healthier than steroids . It definitely worked for Max !!!!!
 My dog has been on this stuff for about a year . Prior to starting Cosequin he was clearly having hip joint issues . After a walk he 'd have a hard time getting up after laying down , but after only 3 weeks on this he 's been basically cured . It was an incredible change ! Not just an improvement , but a cure as far as I 'm concerned .
 Product is a known brand name medication for Dogs . It was as described , shipped promptly , arrived in good condition , and was charged to my credit card as expected.Therefore , it must be considered 5 Star all around.Dan
 Do n't see a difference in my dog , but this is a steal of a deal .
 I have been using Cosequin DS for my 8 yr old German Shepherd for 5 months . We live in Michigan where winter temps are very cold , and she has a much easier time getting around since I have been giving her this supplement . Her hip pain and stiffness are almost gone . I also have been giving my 9 yr old cat Cosequin for Cats for over a year , and his arthritis pain is completely gone !
 I have a 8 year old Lab that has arthritis . This product helped herto walk and play . She was down for about 2 weeks and then I startedthe Cosequin DS . It took about week before she started getting up and around . This product worked so well on my dog that highlyrecommend it .
 The Vet said that our dog should be on a maintenance dosage -LRB- one tablet per day -RRB- of Cosequin for the rest of her life . This medication is evidently an anti-inflamatory which helps older dogs maintain joint flexibility . Our dog is a much loved family member and we will do anything we can to help her . Even so , I was a bit taken aback to find that the Vet charged $ 78.00 for 100 tablets . I bought a bottle from the Vet to get started and then went on the Internet to see if I could find them at a better price . I was delighted to see the exact same medication for sale on Amazon at $ 138.00 for 500 tablets . I am not a medical man and can not speak intelligently regarding the effectiveness of the medication in general but Lily , our dog , is doing very well indeed and I am paying a fraction of what the medication would cost at the Vet 's office .
 This really worked . We tried the brands available in supermarkets and pet stores , but they had little or no effect . Our vet told us that those dosages are too low . She also said that we could purchase the product cheaper online than through her . After taking the higher dose for the recommended time , our nine-year-old Australian Cattle Dog , who could n't make it up the stairs at night , was back chasing birds and squirrels , and jumping up trying to `` kiss '' visitors -LRB- have to take the good with the bad -RRB- . We lowered her to the maintenance dose , and most of the time she does fine . However , after her neighborhood friend comes around , with whom she could literally play on and off all day , she still gets stiff by the evening and we have to up the dose for a couple of days.I highly recommend this product .
 I found this to be a great deal for the money . I ordered the 250 count sprinkle caps for $ 80 . I had been paying my vet that amount for the 120 count bottle , so I was very pleased . They appear to be the authentic brand and not a generic replacement . I intend to purchase these again in a few months when I need more .
 My little Yorkie mix is about 12 years old and has had knee surgery . He was unable to jump up onto the sofa . We began giving him this less than a year ago and we are in our second bottle . He is now jumping up on the sofa without any problems-We will keep giving to him because it helps him so much .
 My Dalmatian/Lab mix started getting weak in her legs , to the point they would shake when she stood . She was n't able to jump up on the couch or the bed anymore . She was 13 years old at the time . I started her on a combination of Cosequin DS and Rimadyl . I dropped the Rimadyl after a short time due to the possible side affects . She will be 15 years old in Feb 2012 and is acting like a puppy again -LRB- maybe not really a puppy , but she runs thru the yard , and she can get up on the bed and couch again now -RRB- . This stuff saved her life . I wish I had found this stuff years ago . I recommend it to everyone I know and those who are not internet savvy , I order it for them . Everyone loves it . One girl I got it for came to work crying the other day . Her 14 yr old Doxie was starting to show her age , just laying around a lot and not able to get around too well . She started her on the Regular Strength Cosequin , and within 2 weeks her Doxie is already showing tremendous improvement . She said , and I quote `` running around like a puppy again '' . Seems to be a commonly used phrase with this stuff . Seriously though , this stuff is great . It may not work the same for every dog , depending on how severe their situation is when you start them on it , but I 'm starting all my dogs on it as they get older , before they start showing signs of old age . It is n't `` cheap '' so to speak , and there are other products out there that claim to do the same as Cosequin , but I have no interest in trying anything else so long as this is available . Save your dog from suffering from joint pain and try a bottle . Give it at least the initial 4-6 week period to see if you see improvement , you 'll probably be amazed !!! BTW
 This product was recommended to me by our Vet for my 7 year old collie/shepard mix who is starting to slow down a bit with age . Within a week after starting , he jumped the fence into the neighbors yard , so yeah ; I guess it 's working .
 My dog has been on Cosequin DS for a few years and we have seem tremendous improvement .
 These tablets were recommended by my vet , but Amazon has the best price.My dogs ' flexiblility has improved and she enjoys the taste .
 Have been getting Cosequin for Roxie -LRB- Rotti Shepherd mix -RRB- for many years . Began after she had surgery on both her hind legs -LRB- knees -RRB- . Found it is an effective joint lubricant and is helping to prevent arthritis in the joints .
 I am the proud companion to a 13year old Greyhound , Shannon . What can I say ... she 's 13 . After putting Cosequin DS in her food for a couple of weeks , she now leaps and jumps to go for walks in the morning . She 's even running around in the backyard again . I think , she thinks she 's a happy puppy . I got my best buddy back . Great product . Thanks !!!
 It took over a month to build up , but has certainly helped my dog with his hips . He 's only 5 so I was surprised and concerned when he was having issues . But . . he 's a Shepherd who are notorious for having bad hips . He 's just about back to normal , but I think I need a bit more time to fully ascertain his progress . Either way , I recommend this product if your dog is having hip issues .
 Cosequin DS was recommended by my Vet for my 7 year old dog with trouble walking . I got a great deal on Amazon.com which was approx $ 25.00 less then the Vet . Be patient ... it will take at least 2 weeks to notice any difference . But now my pooch is waiting at the door for her daily walk . She even sleeps better now that she is getting her proper exercise . I guess shes just pooped .
 My dog suffers from mild hip dyslasia . There are days that he can barely move or climb the steps . After using this product he is able to move very fluidly again . Only on days that he is very active does he show signs of pain and stiffness . He takes his pills as if they were treats and he even comes to me and asks for them if I forget them . This product has added several years to my dogs life . Thank you Cosequin !
 This has helped Casey greatly . It seems to give her more comfort than just GlycoFlex III . Now she is on both and getting ready for an FHO ...
 I have been using Coseqin DS Capsules for a few years for my aging Dalmatian . It works wonders . Got a great deal at Amazon .
 Dog is loving this pill as her hips are functioning much better and she has little discomfort
 I bought this at the local pet store , not Amazon . It 's a great toy . I agree with others that it does seem easily breakable though . My kitten really loves this toy and has actually seemed to lose interest in some of her other toys because this one is so fun for her . She is starting to destroy the mouse though -LRB- I found it 's stuffing on the floor today after only having the toy for about a week -RRB- . I 'm just happy to have a toy that entertains the kitten who seems to have boundless energy ! If they made a sturdier version of this it would be even better !
 My cat loves this toy . I have bought several because they do fall apart after so long , however my cat still goes crazy over the mouse when it is just sitting on the floor . This is by far her favorite toy.When the toy was still in tact the door hanger fit perfect over my door and bounced around enough to keep her running after it for hours . The elastic is also stretchy enough to where she was able to think she caught it and walk a few steps before it pulled her back in for more fun chasing it.I was fine with the mouse falling off the string because it still provides great quality entertainment for my cat , but i did not like how the feather fell came off of the mouse after it fell off the string . My cat ate them , and she does n't normally eat things . SO when she threw them up later I was caught very off guard.I tried replacing the mouse with another that i had sitting around the house and she is relatively uninterested in the toy now.Overall I would say this is a great toy for a kitten or gentler cat , but if you have a cat that can be rough on its toys i would notrecommend it . They will tear it apart in no time .
 One of my cats ignores this toy , the other plays with it all the time - especially when we 're trying to sleep . Grr.Very easy to install , and if your cats like this type of toy - they will love it . I 've had to replace the mouse a couple of time -LRB- not because they 're poorly made , but because my cats have sharp teeth and strong jaws -RRB- . A great source of entertaining for cats and people alike .
 We hung one of these bouncers on a door , and our cat fell in love . We have a good time watching him sit on his back paws , swatting the bird , then taking it in his mouth and running as fast as he can till it bounces back . We bought a few more , and have a couple scattered throughout the house on different doors . True , we tend to cater to our `` only cat '' , but it can be great fun finding a toy that 's such a success .
 My cat could n't wait to play with it even before we mounted it on the door . It 's his new favorite toy ! It 's great because I work long hours and I 'm not able to play with him during the day . It easily mounts on the door with adjustments if you have an unusually thick or thin door . It 's holding up really well so far even though my cat gives it a good beating throughout the day . I would definitely recommend this product . It 's cheap and it 's fun .
 This toy is preferred by all our four cats . We had bought one a few years ago but it was totally worn out after a year -LRB- elastic string still good , but mouse was nude -RRB- . Then bought 2 last year , but again , the fav toy . Just now bought 4 . Cats love to carry the mouse around , play and chase the mouse when a human drags or flings it . Never had a chance to use the door attachment . Unpacked two of the four new bungarees , but our two youngest cats got the other two out themselves . If you tie a knot in the elastic string so it is tight against the mouse body , you can twist the cord and make the mouse roll sideways . Cats love it .
 Contrary to the other reviews , I have not had any problems with this door . We have been using it for a month and it has worked great out of the box . My Lab is not afraid to use it . I use the AC adapter and have had no problems with that . It is not meant for wall use so we did have to pay someone to install it and frame in the interior of the wall for us . Also , if you have both a cat and a dog , they do make a cat key for the dog door but it does n't always trip the lock and the loud factor scares my cat , so she wo n't use this door.As far as `` intermittent '' problems with the locking mechanism , I have not experienced this except while increasing the lock interval during setup . It states clearly in the manual that as long as the key stays within the 2 ft range of the infrared the key will not reactivate the locks . In other words , if your dog runs out and wants to run right back in the lock will activate to let them out but will not activate to let them back in until the key has gone out of the IR range , allowing the lock to reset.I do agree with the loud factor the other reviewers have mentioned . My dog does n't tend to run through the door , so going out of the house the flap is fairly quiet . However , when she comes back in the larger plastic molding flap does bang quite loudly . I am going to try some sticky-backed felt to see if this tones things down.Overall , after a month of use , we are happy with the door . I originally was sent two dog keys and Staywell sent out a dog and a cat replacement key for me which arrived within a few days with the request that I send back the original keys . Fast , friendly customer service .
 We bought this cage for our guinea pig because it 's bigger than ones we could find in pet stores , and because it 's much more cat proof than pet store brands ;o-RRB- The smaller squares just make it too hard for our cats little paws ! The only thing that we did n't like about this cage is the opening on the top . It has 2 problems . One is that it 's only on one side of the cage . So if your pet runs to the other side , then you are really reaching hard for them . This was easier for my husband since he 's taller , but at barely 5 ' 3 '' , my arms did n't reach well . My 9yr old just could n't do it . Also , the door on the toop does not stay open on it 's own . We fixed this by using a small bungee cord . We just kept it attached to the top at all times and used it to hold the door open when needed . I 'm using past tense because we did end up building a larger cage for our guinea pig -LRB- we got her a friend , plus we decided even one piggie needs more room than this -RRB- . We 'll hang on to this one just in case we want to take it on vacation or if we need to separate our piggies .
 We tried treating our pets with another product and our animals all had a skin reaction . Capstar is gentle for our pets but tough on fleas . One week of daily use wipes out a flea infestation . With consistent use one day a week the life cycle of the flea is interupted and our pets are happy members of the family once again . The 60 tablet box is perfect for waging a winning war on fleas . Buy this product and be free of fleas all year long .
 Love it very much I need to order more . My dog 's coat is very good since I was using the groom aid . I need to order !!!!
 Arthur 's Doggie Paw Wipes are the best dog wipes available today . They are safe for your pet , and they clean thoroughly . I use them everyday on my bichon and she stays clean smelling much longer in-between her baths . I recommend them to all my friends who have dogs .
 We have been using these wipes since we brought our pup Dakine home . Everyone always comments on how our dog `` does n't smell like a dog '' I could n't ask for anything more . In our small SF apartment , smells can fill a room quickly , but it never smells like `` dog '' . And the best thing is we do n't have to worry about what her paws are stepping in while outside . The sidewalks in our neighborhood are n't exactly ... sanitary , you know with the bums and all . But after using the wipes , she can jump on the furniture and we do n't have to worry about what I like to call `` bum germs '' . What can I say , I love these paw wipes !!!
 I find this product helps our arthritic , 13-year-old Golden Retriever , just as well as the Synovi MSM tablets that Synovi replaced with the `` G3 '' Tablets .
 This is a great product . My vet put my 11 year old Yorkie on it a few years ago and we 've seen a great improvement in her . The pills are not as strong as the soft G3 so we are giving her a pill in the am and another in the pm which is working .
 This product was recommended by my vet when my dog , who is 9 years old , began slowing down . My dog showed some difficulty getting up when lying down and had trouble climbing steps . After giving this product to her for a month , she has shown considerable improvement . She seems to move more quickly and with less pain in her hips.Great recommendation by the vet and great product !
 My Belgian Shepherd just turned 10 a few weeks ago . She has begun suffering the effects of old age in the forms of arthritis in her front legs and calcium deposits in her lower back vertebrae . My vet recommended the Synovi G3 tablets to help minimize the effects of the arthritis which had basically hampered her ability to walk and move around without pain.My girlfriend and I both noticed an immediate improvement in my dog 's condition and her temperament within a few weeks . She has been on the vitamins for over a year now , and she has the same energy and bounce as she did five years ago .
 This is a great door and fits really well into my patio door . While it 's relatively easy to install , my friend helped me drill the holes and ended up using his own drill bits . So I 'm not sure the bits that come with the door are that great . The door sweep and the foam strip really help the fit .
 This is exactly what we needed for our house/dog . My brother and sister in-law recommended this product to us and we are so glad we got it . If there is one small draw back is that the weather seal is n't as strong as the sliding glass door so in the winter there is a very small draft , but we would still recommend it .
 This is a great seller . I would highly recommend . The Lax ` aire for cats was reasonably priced and the seller shipped very quickly .
 I was told to get this to help with my cats ' hairball issues . Not only has it almost completely eradicated the hairball ` coughing ' in a few weeks , but the cats love the taste . I think they 'd eat a whole tube if I let them .
 Excellent product . I have two cats and have been using it for about 15 years . Unlike some other hair ball remedies , they love the taste of this one .
 Lax ` aire is excellent for animals that have fur balls or constipation , and animals like the taste . My cat Brittney who has his own book `` My Life as a Cat '' highly recommends it to any cat or dog . Brittney has colitis , and can not afford to get impacted . Lax ` aire keeps him regulated.Your animal can not tell you what he is feeling , so Brittney speaks for all the animals . Meow ! Thank you Lax ` aire .
 We have tried several varieties for my old cat and this is the only one he would EVER take . He licks it right out of the tube -LRB- no wrestling required -RRB- and it really helps him to feel better . I do n't use anything else now even if they are less expensive because I know they will be impossible to get him to take and I do n't want to waste my money ! This one is great .
 My cat loved this ! It was like a treat twice a day that he looked forward to . It also seemed to help with the hairballs .
 I was told by our vet to use this to help with our cats hairball issues . I was n't sure our cats would eat it . Boy , was I suprised , they love it ! As soon as I get the tube down they come running and each one wants to be first . It took care of their hairball coughing and they love the taste . I would recommend this to be used for all indoor cats . It 's the greatest !
 THis is the BEST hair ball preventive I have ever found . My cats refuse to eat the kind most vets sell , but they LOVE this kind . My cats will eat it as I squeeze it out of the tube into their little mouths and keep wanting MORE !
 Having used Oster clippers on poodles for almost 40 years , the Oster Clipmaster -LRB- basically a sheep shear -RRB- was a logical choice for our Goldendoodles . The big clipper makes short work of shearing their bodies to a nice length . I just wish Oster would make different length blades for the Clipmaster clipper .
 These blades still fit even my old clipmaster machine and work great !!! Amazon had the cheapest by far . Those blades cost $ 100 in Canada .
 I have been buying Oster clipper blades for years . I was so excited when I found them on Amazon . They are the same great quality they have always been .
 I have 2 Labs and they both love this toy ! It 's very cute since it 's a Vet and it 's very durable . They play tug of war with it often . I would certainly recommend this toy !
 These are some tough toys - my crew usually guts their toys pretty quick to get the sqeeker out , but these types of toys have resisted their attempts thus far after about a year or so of being in constant play . I have a 50lb -LRB- or so -RRB- mixed breed girl who is usually pretty tough on toys .
 My dog loves this ... it 's squeeky and it flops all over the place . He really thinks he 's got a handle on it . He 's a small dog -LRB- 8 lbs -RRB- , and it 's a little big , but it 's light , so it 's easy for him to handle . It 's probably a good sized toy for just about any sized dog , except maybe for very large breeds .
 my only problem is the material where it is looped for the catch it does n't seem to be very strong there and is a bit frayed other than that it works great and i have used it for both in the ring and for practice . i Would NOT recommend it for someone for a heavy puller or dog that lunges as it might break easier than some show leads . if your dog is well behaved it should n't be an issue .
 This product became a necessity when my daughter brought home a stray dog she found wandering . This dog does not have a clue about where it is appropriate to do his business . Our own two dogs and our cat have never gone in our house!I have bought several bottles of this at my Nob Hill Foods store and paid $ 7 a bottle . Then I noticed the tag that mentioned the Amazon rating . I plan to now buy it from Amazon at a much better price ! Until I can convince my daughter that this dog does not belong to us , I will continue to keep buying this product . It 's amazing with the odor removal and the stain removal is good too , but I noticed that some stains are tougher than others to get out and need repeat treatment . Still have not found anything better , even at the PetSmart or Petco Stores .
 WOW ! I BELIEVE EVERY HOUSEHOLD NEEDS THIS AMAZING PRODUCT !!!!! REALLY THIS IS UNBELIEVABLE . I HAVE TRIED EVERYTHING FROM NATURAL REMEDIES TO THE `` EXPERTS SUGGEST THIS AND THAT , AND THIS STEP AND THEN THAT PROCESS '' HOUSEHOLD ITEMS TO STORE PURCHASED PRODUCTS , BUT THIS BLOWS THEM ALL AWAY !!!!! `` MONTHS AGO MY KIDS , -LRB- NO ONE WILL CONFESS -RRB- DECIDED TO SEE WHAT THE REFILL BLACK INK BOTTLE FOR MY COMPUTER PRINTER , WOULD LOOK LIKE IF SPRAYED ALL OVER THE CARPET . tHE DESIGN THEY MADE WAS , WELL , ARTISTIC BUT i DID N'T SEE IT THAT WAY AT FIRST . I HAVE TRIED EVERYTHING AND ACTUALLY IT JUST SMEARED AND SMUDGED WORSE , AND THE ARTISTIC DESIGN IS NOW A BLACK , SMEARY MESS THAT BECAME MUCH BIGGER THEN THE ORIGINAL INTENDED ART . UGH . MY DOGS HAVE BEEN IN THIS WINTER AND WE HAVE HAD SOME SERIOUS SURPRISES IN THE MORNINGS WHEN WE DID N'T HEAR THEM NEEDING TO GO OUT ... MY CARPETS ARE A MESS !!! I HAVE DAYCARE , SIX OR MORE KIDS AT A TIME , i HAVE THREE DOGS AND A CAT AND LOTS OF TRAFFIC IN AND OUT . I LIVE IN THE COUNTRY , MUD AND SNOW AT MY FRONT DOOR , BACKDOOR , AS WELL AS THE OCCASIONAL PET ACCIDENT , KOOLAID SPILLS , ETC.TODAY I HAD HAD IT AND WENT TO THE STORE ... I WENT DOWN THE CLEANERS ISLE AT THE STORE AND SPOTTED THIS WITH A TAG ON IT THAT IT WAS RATED HIGH ON AMAZON . I ALSO PURCHASED OTHER CARPET AND STAIN ITEMS AS BACK UP TRY OUTS ... I AM RETURNING ALL THOSE OTHER PRODUCTS ... IT TOOK OUT THE VERY OLD MESS OF COMPUTER INK ALMOST INSTANTLY ... I SPRAYED IT ON AND BEGAN BLOTTING WITH ONE TOWEL AFTER THE OTHER ... THERE IS NOTHING LEFT BUT CLEAN CARPET ... AMAZING !!! I BEGAN SPRAYING THIS ON OTHER PET STAINS , KOOLAID STAINS AND INK PEN , BLOOD ON OLD JEANS ... I AM SO AMAZED . WHOEVER SAYS IT DOES N'T GET OLD STAINS ???? iT IS GETTING OUT MINE AND i HAD USED OTHER PRODUCTS PRIOR TO THIS!THIS IS SUCH A GOOD PRODUCT I AM BUYING IT IN A CASE AND WILL HAVE IT HANDY FOR LAUNDRY , UPSTAIRS , DOWNSTAIRS , ETC. ... AND SOME FOR FAMILY ... THIS IS AMAZING . THANK YOU AMAZON FOR LETTING US REVIEW PRODUCTS AND SHARE WHEN SOMETHING WORKS ... THIS HELPED ME OUT AND HAS SAVED MY CARPET . I AM PLANNING TO PURCHASE A CARPET CLEANER AND WILL FOLLOW THE MANUFACTERERS SUGGESTION OF USING THIS IN THE CARPET MACHINE INSTEAD OF REGULAR CARPET CLEANER ... DO TRY THIS !
 I have an in home child care , 2 dogs and 3 birds.I have tried just about every product on the market that is suppose to remove stains from carpets . I ran across this product and figured what the heck . Oh my gosh ! am I glad that I picked it up . It has removed pet stains and stains from kids juice cups that nothing else would remove . I even tried it on some stains on clothing and it removed those as well . There is no longer anything else in my cabinet but Kids and Pets.Follow the directions on the bottle and you will have no porblems . There were some stains that had been there for a while , that took a couple of treatments to get out but they are now gone also .
 With a 2 year old , and a dog Kid N ' Pet Comes in pretty handy . I almost threw out some of my daughters clothes with old set in stains but decided to give Kid 'N' Pet a try . They ALL came out . I 'm not joking . Doggy vomit -LRB- gross -RRB- on the rug came out , and last but not least my daughter took off her dirty diaper and had it everywhere . It was on the couch , the carpet , up the stairs , her clothes . Kid 'N' Pet got it all out . I would by stock in this company if I were you : -RRB-
 I first tried this product two years ago to remove stubborn stains from my daughters clothing . It worked like a charm ! I have been hooked ever since . It has even removed stains that could not be removed with anything else and were years old.I also use this for my carpets and get this ... my Mother-in-law 's carpet in her car . She had a really stubborn reappearing stain but after letting Kids n Pets sit for a few minutes and following removal instructions , it had not been back . I have used it to remove chocolate , popcicle , and other food stains from my car upholstery and couches.The only store I could find it at locally was at Winn-Dixie , now Winn Dixie has gone out of business and it is killing me that I ca n't find this product anywhere except online . I 'm here this evening to buy up what I can ! I would recommend this to anyone - and I do !!
 Ok , my husband wanted to adopt this nutty 2 year old cat . I already have a cat who is super clean and easy going . I can move his liter box to a new location every day and he would use it like clockwork . But my adopted cat , Damien , has major bathroom issues . He poops on my carpet at least once a week and peed up and down both sides of my hallway , near the door and all along the wall of my FORMAL living room ! I used Natures Miracle and to no avail . I found this stuff at Target . Not only did it help encourge my crazy cat to stop peeing -LRB- for the most part -RRB- it even covered the god awful smell of cat urine with a mild pleasant odor . My house no longer reaks of cat urine . I can still smell it occassionally , but hey , Cat pee is the worst . For the most part , this product really saved my house carpets.Thanks Kids N ' Pets !
 The stuff really works . I just got a puppy , and she went poo on my carpet . It really came right out of my carpet , and the odor is gone . I have white carpet , so i was really worried , but you ca n't even tell she ever went there.THANKS TERESA
 My husband is a chef and his chef coats are ridiculous when he gets home from work . I put a little or this on it , scrub for a few seconds , and everything disappears ! NOTHING ELSE HAS EVER WORKED EXCEPT THIS !!!
 My husband spilled a glass of red wine on our light colored carpet and it came out immediately ! This product is amazing , esp since we are renters !
 I have two dogs and have used this product on both vomit and urine . It has worked 100 % on both the stain and the odor every time . As long as they keep making it , I 'll keep buying it .
 About three years ago , I volunteered to drive a group of kids on a field trip for my son 's second grade class . One child became violently car sick all over our van . I tried every product on the market to get the odor out . Finally , I learned about Kids and Pets on the Internet -LRB- it was n't yet available on Amazon or in my local stores -RRB- . When I called the company , they were incredibly helpful and rushed me a bottle at no cost . It worked perfectly even though the odor was several weeks old by that time . With three kids and two dogs , I now order it by the case . The only time I found that it did n't work was on cat urine on a throw rug . The stain was n't a problem but we could n't get rid of the odor . I may not have managed to completely saturate the entire area .
 We have 4 dogs -LRB- 3 of which are geriatric -RRB- and 2 cats -LRB- 12 and 9 years old -RRB- and an almost 7 year old child . I do n't understand the reviews that say this product does n't work . We 've been in this house for a year . I have no stains on the very light carpet that the previous owners put in the house . My oldest dog has a condition that causes him to vomit several times a week a lovely yellow bile substance . My 10 year old toy poodle `` marks '' in the house . He wears a belly band to prevent it but occasionally he gets it off and then I have poodle pee on my carpet or furniture . My daughter loves to paint . She also has been known to get paint or food in my carpet . Kids 'N' Pets has removed every stain test I 've put it through . It has removed dog urine , dog vomit , cat vomit , grape soda , tempura paint , iced tea , hot tea , Pepsi , stamp ink , cranberry juice , Carolina clay and everything else I 've used it on . It 's true that some things use a second appication but everything I have cleaned has come clean . This is the best cleaner we have ever used for pets -LRB- and kids -RRB- . I highly , highly recommend it .
 I have 2 senior kitties and occasionally they have accidents outside the litter box . We just had brand new light beige carpet installed through out our house about 6 months ago . The very following day after having had the carpet installed one of the cats threw up on it . I used the KIDS 'N' PETS stain & Odor remover and the stain came right out . I 've used it on cat urine , poop , vomit , blood and even a few food stains . Every single stain has come out and the carpet still looks brand new . One of my cats injured a claw and got blood on the carpet . I thought I had gotten all of it up and then 2 weeks later found a spot of dried blood that I had missed . I thought for sure that I would not be able to get that stain out . I 'm happy to say I was wrong.The stain not only came out , but with very little scrubbing . KIDS 'N' PETS Stain & Odor Remover is really amazing stuff ! I like it so much that I have even bought a bottle and shipped it for my Aunt and another for an Uncle who both live in another state . It 's a must-have for anyone who has pets or kids .
 I came across Kids 'N' Pets brand at walmart and bought it . I use it on just about everything I can . Floor , counters , sinks , toilets whatever !! It is the greatest !!! Leaves a nice fresh clean smell afterwards too . Great for the $ $ $ $ .
 This stuff in the greatest . I have 2 very naughty dogs that have n't grasped the concept of potting training for the last of their 9 years . This is the only product I 've found that will take the odor and stain out and not leave residue . I just moved into a new house and this stuff is a life saver !! It 's saved my new carpet many many times already !
 Got ta be blunt -- I have 1 cat that occasionally has attacks of vomiting and feels it 's best to vomit on the carpet rather than the wood floors . And I have another former feral cat that has not yet decided to use the litter box and poops and pees outside of it . This product words great to get rid of vomit and poop stains . It does leave a grey residue on my beige carpet , but that comes up easily when I steam clean it . Definitely worth the $ 5 per bottle .
 With three dogs , a bird and a husband , my carpets take a real beating . I found this stuff and gave it a try . It worked like magic . I go through it like water - literally - since littlest pup seems to have a real problem with the concept of outdoors . I have trouble finding it in local stores . Wal-Mart ca n't keep it on the shelves so I order it to make sure I have plenty on hand . It is worth the extra cost of shipping .
 I used this on a strawberry vomit stain on my carpet . I had tried three or four other products on the stain with no luck . Then I tried Kids N Pets , and WOW - came right up ! I now use it on everything - I have had no issues at all.The only bad thing is that no stores in my area carry this - a local Target used to , but no more : -LRB-
 Let 's see , our daughter wets the bed , the male cat sprays , the female cat throws up hairballs and the dog `` dribbles '' . I ca n't live without KIDS N PETS ! The house would STINK without it !!! Plus it 's safe stuff , a real plus with young kids , puppies and kittens running around . I do wish they made it in a jumbo size .
 This product is great !!! I ca n't say enough about how well it works . My kids have `` tossed their cookies '' twice in my car and it does n't even smell . i can reccomend this product !!!!
 i like this dog harness although i think it would be nice to have the option of a loop to hook the leash to on the front where it goes around chest also . i used this while camping to tie my dog out & the loop located on the top made the harness twist to the side from just the weight of a nylon lead . sturdy and easy to put on and adjust though .
 To say that I love this product would be an understatement . Let me give you example of how I 've used this great smelling and safe cleaning product . I recommend keeping an emergency bottle on hand at all times . I very helpful accessory is a bag of shop towels .1 - 4 year old throws up Cherry Koolaid on cream carpet . Apply kids-n-pets , scrub with towel , apply kids-n-pets , scrub with towel , repeat one more time ... . Stain and smell completely gone . Use one more towel to absorb any extra liquid . Stain and Smell Gone .2 - Baby formula throw up . If you 've smelled spoiled milk ... this is way worse . All over the walls , floors , kid , me etc. . . Kids n pets , towels , and washer ... Good Bye Smell and white spots on Blue walls .3 - Left laundry in washing machine for 3 days ... . Oops ... Wash again with kids n pets and `` All detergent . '' No moldy smell . All good .4 - Dry cleaning . Apply kids n pets to dryer sheet . Put in dryer with item for 30 minutes on low . Done .5 - Kid has accident on bed , in car , in stroller , on you , on the couch ... Parents , you know what I 'm talking about ... Sprinkle kids n pets . Wait 10 minutes . Soak up with towel . Repeat until smell gone . Use another towel to get excess liquid out . NO URINE smell !!!! 6 - Stain removal . My best friend has used this to get every stain imaginable out of her children 's clothes ... Examples
 It is excellent on FRESH pet urine odors - it may remove some but never all of older previously-treated-with-other-products odor spots . -LRB- This is a very good product but it is not a miracle worker ! -RRB- I 've also used it on fresh pet vomit spots and it works very well on this.This product excels as a stain remover . I once moved a table in my living to find a dried red wine stain next to the wall on my beige carpet - had probably been there for months . I had very little expectation when I put the Kids 'N Pets on it , and to my surprise , the stain came right up!I 've used it in my steam cleaning machine to freshen and as a cleaning booster in my carpet steam cleaning machines.I highly recommend this product .
 I had a dog that died of Parvo just months after moving into a new house with new carpet . I cleaned the carpet myself , using Folex in the machine and it works very well . The drawback is that you must use a quart of cleaner to one gallon of water in the machine , and then repeatedly go over the spot . Hand treating and cleaning works as well , but for lots of stains and smells , using a machine and doing the whole carpet is a better option . Now our new dogs have come down with a stomach bug -LRB- not Parvo , thank God ! -RRB- and I needed to clean the carpets again . Folex is a little hard to find , although it is available in gallon size , and in the middle on the night , I grabbed some kids n pets from Wal-Mart to try . This stuff works BETTER than Folex , which is what I used to swear by , and does a better job at half the concentration in the machine . Still need to go over heavily stained areas a few times and let the enzymes and the beater brush work at them , but it also does a good job on smells . Now if it only came in gallons ... Put this in your Rug Doctor and it will get up all the stains and smells mentioned in these reviews with just a few passes .
 I love this stuff ! I have an older cat who started urinating outside of the litterbox . We came to find out that she was diabetic and until we had her insulin adjusted this stuff was a God send . Everytime I would find a spot where she relieved herself I would panic . Now with this , I no longer need to panic . It worked wonders . There is absolutely no oder left behind and now that she 's back to normal , we have no remaining reminders of when she was ill .
 KIDS 'N' PETS Brand Stain & Odor Remover , two pack 32 fluid ounces -LRB- 64 ounces total -RRB- I have very light berber carpet and even when professional carpet cleaners come in , the carpet appears to be clean , but the dog stains come back after awhile.This product when used as directed forces the stain out of the carpet permanently.Also , I have white formica countertops which had been penetrated by some stains . Pour the product on the stain , let it sit for a few minutes and it comes right up . I also use it to wipe down appliances and cabinets . I used to think `` Greased Lightning '' was a good cleaner ; but I 'll be buying Kids N Pets from now on . Walmart is our local distributor .
 This product is incredible and does just what it says
 My 60 + lb lab mix recently started having seizures which results in the loss of control of her bowels and bladder . During the day she wo n't even attempt to climb on the couch -- but apparently at night it 's a different story.One night I awoke to find that she had had a seizure on our sofa , and had urinated and defecated on one of our recliners . I did my best to clean it up but the odor persisted -- and it was so bad , I could n't stand to sit anywhere near that recliner anymore , let alone on it.While walking through the grocery store a few days later , -LRB- read
 This is the best carpet cleaner ever . It even gets out red wine within 2 minutes flat . I even use it for stains on my toddler 's clothes . A 10 minute soak and a quick scrub does a better job than 1 to 2 days of soaking and scrubbing with OxyClean . But remember that this is an enzyme-based cleaner -- this means that it works great on wine , poop , urine , vomit , grass , blood , etc. -LRB- proteins -RRB- . For stains that are not protein-based , it wo n't work as well.If you 're not experienced with carpet cleaners , stay away -- you 'll be expecting some sort of miracle and you 'll be disappointed -LRB- e.g. it wo n't get the vomit chunks out of the carpet for you . This is for stains . You first have to remove the excess vomit with a paper towel or shovel . -RRB- .
 I 've used any number of things on my carpet for cat urine . My old cat got very sick and lost bladder control right before she died . I tried everything to get rid of it ! I even wasted money on stuff from the vet office . None of them worked at all . Then I tried `` Kids & Pets '' as recommended to me by a dog breeder I know . FANTASTIC !!! I know a few people rated this product a 1 . If you use it right , it works . It does take a lot to get some stains out , but is n't the result worth it ? Pour into the stain and let it soak in all the way down . Let it sit for a few minutes . Then blot it up until you 've gotten as much out as possible . I use paper towels so I can throw the smelly stuff away . If its a big or dried old stain , you might have to do it more than once.The result is worth the work . THE SMELL NEVER COMES BACK ! If you get a smell again , you might have another problem . Check under your carpet . The original stain might have molded the floor boards . THIS WO N'T HELP WITH THAT !!! And it does work for child vomit . Trust a mother of three . : -RRB-
 Works great . I have n't used it for pet stains , but when my children have accidents it gets rid of all the urine smell . I keep it stocked and use it for any smelly stains or messes . And if it helps ... I tried MANY products that did not get rid of the urine smell , but this took care of it completely .
 I 'm a religious buyer of Kids N Pets . Iv ' e had a dog that had accidents when she was diagnosed with nasal cancer . She had urine accidents and nose bleeds . Every time worked like a charm . She had since pasted . Last week my husband got gasoline head to toe on himself . His favorite outfit we thought was ruined . I got online and tried everything that was stated to remove gasoline from clothing . NOTHING WORKED . As I was about to toss his outfit he suggested Kids N Pets . I used the 2 year old , 1/4 bottle that was left under the counter . I poured it directley to the clothing and when I rinsed it out after 4 hrs there was not hint of gasoline . Once again Kids N Pets to the rescue . I was reading the negative reveiws and I beleive They did not saturate spots and read the directions . I will be buying a case of this even though we no longer have a pet , but when it took gasoline out of clothing - WOW . I 'll make sure I have it on hand for everything . I 'll be giving some to my family to try .
 I have hard wood floors and 2 cats , a dog , and 3 kids . I bought kidsnpets on a whim . I thought `` what the heck . '' I bought 3 bottles since the first time I found it . Kidsnpets has made my house smell clean again . My son says that it smells yum !
 IF you have a child or pet that is training or have accidents get this cleaner . Its an enzymatic wash that you leave on and let evaporate . It also works great as a fabric pretreater .
 THIS IS THE BEST PRODUCT I HAVE EVER USED !!! For starters I have a carpet that is beyond dirty . It has stains that go back years and years , not to mention the new puppy that happens to prefer this room to relieve herself over the nice grassy yard . I have tried every carpet cleaner that claims to remove stains and odors , however they do n't work.The bottle says for heavier stains let soak in for 10 mins or an hour , well I got so excited I could n't wait and after two minutes I started to scrub and it was like a miracle . The stain just lifted off and the floor is beautiful !!! I will always keep this on hand !!
 This is the best product I have used for cat urine . It removes the oder and stain . It is pleasant smelling and it is easy to use . I would recommend this product to anyone who has this kind of problem .
 I found this amazing product at my local walmart . I 'd purchased a home where the prior owners had -LRB- horrifyingly -RRB- allowed their dog -LRB- s -RRB- to saturate the carpets with urine . We tore out the carpets and pads but in one room , where they apprently locked the poor thing in , the hardwood underneath had been affected.We bought a bottle of Kids N Pets and followed the instructions - literally dumped the whole bottle , spreading it across the room , and let it dry overnight . The change was remarkable ! We could barely smell the urine anymore . We got one more bottle and treated the room again and like magic the smell was gone.After several months I took in two cats and the solution has been a lifesaver - one of my kitty girls will sometimes pee on something I 'd been wearing or a towel I 'd used when it was carelessly left on the floor , soaking the area rug underneath . Cleans it right up.The most amazing work though is on my other cat 's messes - after my now-husband first moved in , she got mad and jealous and began pooping on his side of the bed - and it soaked through.to the mattress . We applied Kids N Pets and the stain vanished , no more odors.The last wonderful thing it has done for me is clean up blood . My hubby will scratch himself at night -LRB- he has really sharp nails -RRB- and I just spot treat any small bloodstains and they are gone.Long story short I swear by this product .
 I absolutely LOVE this product !!! It really does work . We have a 3 year old who is just recently potty-trained , so we still have the occasional `` accidents '' . Kids N Pets takes the stain AND odor away . I also used it on a 2 week old red wine stain on my white carpet , and it came right out ! I do n't know what I ever did without this stuff !
 This is the best pet smell/mildew smell/red wine stain remover EVER . As long as you use enough -LRB- use the bottles , not the spray -RRB- and saturate anywhere the original smelly/staining liquid was , it will take care of the odor or stain .
 This is an excellent stain remover . Perfect for unruly puppies . They key differentiation between this stain remover and others is that you just air dry this . No need to blot it down . Air dry and you are good to go !
 We have four boys ages 6 to 14 and have always had multiple dogs and/or cats . Right now we have five adult dogs , a cat , and a litter of nine puppies . We have been using Kids N Pets religiously for probably 15 years now . If it were ever discontinued , I think I would die . I probably go through two bottles a week when we have puppies in the house . Nothing compares to its ability to remove stains and odors from carpets , floors , upholstery ... you name it . Just this morning I cleaned out the puppy area ... squirted some Kids N Pets on the linoleum floor , and mopped it up with some hot water ... the room smelled great and was super clean after this simple job was completed . Whenever a puppy has an accident on the carpet , I clean it up with a paper towel , soak the area in Kids N Pets , blot it with more paper towels or rub it if there is a stain , and it is instantly clean . And the animals do not go back to that area . It really does remove odors and I find its scent to be very pleasant and not at all overpowering . If you have never tried it , I encourage you to do so !
 works on everything . EVERYTHING!I use it to clean dog stains mostly , but recently have started using it to clean the bathroom . Leaves a nice neutralized smell , not a nasty cleaner ammonia smell . Works great on toilet odors and its safe ... its just great ... get it ... you will use it all and want more more more more more
 Kids 'n' Pets is a very effective stain remover . It works on all the stains I used it for . Example of stains that totally disappeared after pretreating with the product are
 I bought kids 'n' pets to try and remove a terrible urine odor from my infant son 's carpet . We have been dog sitting for friends of ours , and their dog graciously marked his room for us ! Needless to say , this product worked miracles . I highly recommend it to anyone .
 I bought Kids N Pets about several months ago . I am so happy with the results . I am a mother of three and I also have a chihuahua and a Great Pyrenees and it helps out tremendously , but what I really noticed is one night I sat my Merlot glass on the floor and it got knocked over and we have off white carpet . I was so scared ecspecially because this was a rental home but Kids N Pets got it out and it took out the stain and the alcohol odor ! I will be a lifetime customer !!!!!!!
 Kids 'N' Pets stain and odor remover is a great product . I used it to clean fabric toddler chairs . It has taken out stains from ketchup to urine . It smells great , and is safe to use for myself and my kids . The chairs look as good as new after using this product .
 This stuff works great ! I saw blood on fabric before I went to work so I squirted some on the blood for a pre-treat . When I came home the blood had disappeared totally . Amazing . I got it from a friend who knew it worked on pet stains . Good stuff .
 I 've been using this stuff through at least 2 name changes -LRB- of the product , not me ! -RRB- . I buy it by the 12-pack , straight from the manufacturers . It 's amazing . It gets week-old dry black permanent hair dye out of my light beige carpet . It completely removes pet stains and odors . However , you need to saturate the spot on the carpet and then rub very gently . DO NOT DILUTE . Do not pour on to a cloth and then rub with the cloth . If it does n't work , you 're not doing it right !
 With 2 dogs , 1 cat and 5 kids our carpet etc. takes a beating . I have used just about every product on the market I 've come across to clean urine stains , vomit and all that other fun stuff . This is the ONLY thing I 've found that actually WORKS ! It takes out blood , iodine , ink . . you name it . It does n't have any harsh chemical smell , it 's completely mild . I have NO idea how this product can do what it does , but I 'm on bottle # 3 . I love it and am telling all my `` mom '' friends about it .
 I bought kids and pets at the same time as the expensive 20 dollar urine gone . The only good thing about the urine gone was that a night with all the lights off i could use the black light to locate the stains . I saturate the area with kids and pets I give it a little elbow grease with an iron brush and immediately the stain is gone under the black light !!
 We have had every type of pet in our household -LRB- iguanas , squirrels , dogs , cats , and others -RRB- and now we just have a puppy and of course our 1 year old . We have light colored carpet and a white couch ... that are still true to their colors thanks to Kids 'n Pets . This stuff is the ONLY product that actually works on removing urine odor from carpet , upholstery , etc. . My friend 's baby had a `` number 2 accident '' on our white couch and I whipped out the Kids n Pets and it was SO easy to clean , I was amazed ! You can use it on laundry stains , carpet stains , you can even use this stuff to put in a carpet cleaning device instead of the other stuff that just masks any odors.So , long story short ... it removes stains lightening fast and removes odors ! It 's guaranteed ! And take it from me , this stuff works !
 This Kids and Pets Brand product is really an excellent remover for stains and odors . Have used it for years and I highly recommend it.Not always available in all stores . great to find it on Amazon .
 2 cats and a dog , I need this product . All pets are housebroken but there is always a misstep now and then . Also the occasional upset stomach . Living in the desert the dust and dirt blows as well . I use it in my carpet cleaner . It 's a fantastic all purpose cleaner . I could n't live without it in my home .
 Having older female dogs with leakage problems , this product is the best for ridding the carpets of that horrible urine smell . This product does not just try to cover up but actually helps relieve the problem leaving a scent that is not harsh or offensive . Recommended highly .
 I just bought a brand new microfiber couch , a few weeks later i noticed a horrible smell on my couch . WOuld you know my cat had some fun , if you know cat urine its almost impossible to get the smell out without going to a proffessional cleaner . My wife bought this stuff weeks before this happened and just as the bottle said i just heavily poured all over the cushion -LRB- my cushions dont come out -RRB- and let is just air dry , it took two times of doing that but the smell is completely gone . I was so suprised that it worked but very happy . This product works , and for the price you cant beat that ! Finally
 While grocery shopping the other day , I came across another carpet odor , and stain remover product . They mostly say the same thing and I have never found a single one that actually worked , until I tried one of the two bottles of Kids N Pets instant all purpose stain and odor remover I purchased . My Daughter has ink , grease , paint , you name it she has it in her carpet . I had it professionally cleaned several times and no one can get that carpet clean . I was keeping a friends two dogs along with my two and the male dogs all sprayed her walls and carpet . I needed to clean the smell out of that room , so I tried this product for the smell , I really was n't expecting it to do all the other things it claimed to do . Now I am speechless , the smell , grease , ink , paint , ect that has been in that room for the past 10 years is all gone ! The carpet looks like new . I went back to the store and got two more bottles , I am going to do my whole house and just in time for the Holidays . Yeah ! I will never be without this product again . It is a miracle ! Thank you for making a product that really , really works . I am so HAPPY ! woot !
 The only problem we had with this cleaner is the bottle . We did n't like that you have to just pour it out , so my boyfriend and I decided to try it in a spray bottle . It worked great ! It also has a very light fragrance , so it wo n't leave an unpleasant smell . We had a problem getting out a few older stains , but using my Bissell Little Green Steam Cleaner , we got rid of all of them ! : -RRB-
 We have a new home , new carpeting , new white rug . Enter a new puppy . Our stairwell became her potty area . I cleaned up with soap and water after every accident , tried dousing the area in vinegar and baking soda -- everything , and the smell was STILL awful ! I saw this stuff at the store and thought I 'd try it , even though it was a bit expensive for us . I sprinkled it over the whole landing ... POOF ! By morning , the smell was completely gone.My ONLY complaint would be that for stains on our white rug , it takes a couple washings to get the color out . Not bad !
 I use this product to clean cat puke out from carpets and it works great ! No stain is left behind , it has a pleasant sent , and most of all ; it 's safe to use around kids & pets .
 I bought this product on a whim at the grocery store . We had a litter of 8 pups , plus the momma dog , grandma dog , and 2 cats . We kept 3 of the pups and needless to say , housebreaking the pups is a chore . I have bought every conceivable form of odor remover as well as used home remedies for the urine stains/smell and poop . NOTHING BEATS THIS PRODUCT !! It even takes out fried food smells , cigarette smoke , mold , vomit , dirt , blood , sweat stains on clothes , grass stains , oil stains on shirts.I 'm on my 4th bottle and use it for everything . I clean first , then use this product . There is no perfume smell or chemical smell to this product.If I could buy gallons of this stuff , by God I would.Don ' t waste your money on other odor/stain remover products . Use this , it 's a miracle.If my house can smell like it does n't have 5 dogs , 2 cats , and a 9 yearold , then you can imagine what it will do for you .
 This is a must to have on hand , even if you do n't have pets.I have 3 small children and it has worked miracles on urine and vomit . Shortly after we bought our new car one of my children `` lost her lunch '' all over the seat and floor . I knew my car was going to smell forever and I was n't happy . Someone passed me a bottle of this to try and over 2 years later the smell has not returned -LRB- even over the hot summers -RRB- . I can not express how glad I was that this product removed the odor.Don ' t be caught without it in your time of need .
 I purchased this product yesterday at my local Walmart . I decided to give it a try because I have two dogs one that pees on the carpet constantly . I 've tried everything from regular carpet cleaners to other products made to kill odors and remove stains , you name it and I 've tried it . Needless to say , I 've spend hunderds of dollars and I still had odors and stains.I had new carpet installed and you guessed it , the dog peed and even after cleaning , I still had a really big stain . I tried this product last night before I went to bed and it is amazing . The stain that I 'd been trying to get out for the past month is gone and even more amazing is that the odor is gone too . I still have three bottles of Zero Odor , one gallon of Urine-off but this is the product that really does the job it says it is going to do . So , I will be ordering a case of this product at the close of this message.If you have pet odors or stains this is the product for you . : - -RRB-
 I 'm buying my second case of it . It does exactly what they say.I have used it on pet urine , baby spit-up , and vomit . I have applied it to carpet , clothing , and furniture . It never damaged or faded anything . Stains and smells neutralized . It 's so mild that you wo n't believe it because it is so effective . It 's beyond my understanding how this can be possible , but it is .
 If you are anything like me , then you probably share your home with some four-footed friends . And you 've probably dealt with your share of accidents that needed to be cleaned up . Sometimes it is very messy or it may seem impossible to get up every trace of the odor , or you find yourself stuck with stains that wo n't come out . Kids 'N' Pets Stain and Odor Remover is the solution to all your troubles!This product is the best in it 's class . It 's very reasonably priced -- much less expensive than many of the carpet cleaners and stain-removal products on the market today . As an added bonus , it 's non-toxic and environmentally friendly ! What more could you ask for?It 's been a godsend since I brought home my puppy a couple of months ago . Housebreaking accidents occured very frequently in the beginning . This product has always cleaned up urine and feces in a snap and it removes all traces of the odor to discourage the puppy from resoiling the same area . I 've also found it great for cleaning and deodorizing my guinea pigs cage.When my puppy was loosing her baby teeth , she bled all over a white shirt I was wearing . I heavily saturated the stain with Kids 'N' Pets before washing the shirt , and incredibly all traces of the blood were gone ! I 've never seen anything like this.If you have kids you would really enjoy this product . We all know how good young children are at staining up their clothes and making messes in the house ! This non-toxic product will make easy work of removing all your stains and odors around the house .
 I have gone through potty training for multiple cats , and never had a problem until I had my most recent neutered male cat . He kept peeing on my mattress ! I had used kids n pets before once or twice , but the best example of what kids n pets could do was on my mattress.When you lay down on what you thought was a cleaned mattress and it still smells like cat pee , it 's very repulsive . Kids n pets gets the odor out . The only drawback is sometimes there is a line around where the kids n pets dried , which can be fixed by using a traditional cleanser .
 We 've tried lots of products to remove cat urine odors over the years , and this is the only one that really knocks the odor out . As soon as you spray or pour it , you know when you hit the right area because the bad smell is gone and the fresh clean scent of Kids n Pets replaces it . It does n't cover it up , it 's GONE . It does n't have a strong scent either , it smells good and clean .
 With two older dogs in the house , we 've been looking for something to handle the aftermath of their accidents . I think we 've found it . This stuff is wonderful ! We also had a spot of dried gum that one of our kids had dropped in our brand new carpet - we even had one of the national brand carpet cleaning companies out and they could n't get rid of it . I soaked it with KIDS 'N' PETS , let it sit for an hour and it came right out - not so much as a trace of it left behind ! Needless to say , I 'm sold on this stuff .
 My three year old got car sick while doing a family trip down south and vomit just leaves an odor and stain that is just hard to get rid of despite the windows being left open for the majority of the trip . I came across this product in the store and decided to give it a try . I used full strength and saturated the car 's carpet rubbed it in a little and left it overnight , the next day you would n't have known that my child got car sick allover the seat and carpet because stain and odor was completely gone ! I brought the product back home with me and used it on set stains left by my kids and dog and everything came out ! I 've been looking for this product since being back home and could not find it anywhere in stores . Finally decided to google and low and behold I 'm in heaven again because as long as I have a pet and kids and a husband , I 'm going to have stains around my house . Thank God for this product .
 this is the best product to own if you have pets ! i have 3 cats and every once in a while one of them will urinate on the carpet . i used to panic when that happened ... but i have found Kids 'n' Pets ... it has solved any problem i used to have . the stain is n't left and odor is n't even a factor when i use this product . even if i do n't find the spot when it is fresh ! this product is so easy to use and works better than ANYTHING i have ever used before ! THANK YOU !!!
 my granddaughter had a nosebleed during the night and soaked my mattress with blood . We noticed it when she woke up in the morning . I put some of the Kids N Pets Stain & odor remover on it and followed the instructions on the bottle and it removed all the blood and left no stain . I was amazed . This product is difficult to find though . I had to resort to the website to purchase this product . We had purchased this product a long time ago when we had a puppy and could not remember where we bought the product .
 We have a senior cat that occasionally gets locked into the spare bedroom overnight by the kids , resulting in her using the guest bed as a litter box . -LRB- Ick , I know . -RRB- This product works better at removing the smell and stains than the stuff our vet sells at 6x the price . I put a cup in the washer with the soiled linens , and use it topically on carpets and other surfaces . The smell is OK , and it definitely removes the -LSB- ... -RSB- odor -- it does n't just cover it up like so many other pet odor removal products.It 's available at Target in single bottles for about the same price as Amazon . Highly recommended
 Having an older pet that is ill can be challenging . Especially when the illness includes accidents . I , like most look for a greener way of cleaning that actually does what it is supposed to do . If you are looking for a green cleaner that cleans cat urine stains and more importantly , cat urine smell ... This is IT ! It 's not overpowering like many cleaners , it 's very light and clean - a REAL plus for me ! It did such a good job overall on my carpets , that actually looked new . -LRB- No kidding ! -RRB- After all the carpets were cleaned and they had time to thoroughly dry , it was time for a true inspection of the results . I broke out the black light and could not believe my eyes ! No trace of cat urine at all ! It takes patience , a carpet cleaner and the ability to follow directions ... that 's all . You may need to clean your carpets twice , but if you treat the stains as directed and clean them properly -LRB- going over the stains very slowly with the carpet cleaner -RRB- you will be very pleased with the results !
 We have two older cats and they have accidents on a regular basis . I 've tried any number of products to deal with the stains but this is the only one that really works . It took care of some of the older stains and is wonderful for the new ones . I also used it when my daughter was toilet training and whenever one of us is very ill . It 's also very useful as a laundry additive for my husband 's work clothes . It 's been the only thing that could get the sweat smell out of his clothes . We live in Las Vegas and he rides a bike to and from work plus his work has him outside in the sun most days . When it hits 110 degrees during the summer , Kids and Pets saves my home and my nose.I have gone through entire store shelves looking for a product that works for my family and when I found Kids and Pets I took a chance on it just like I 'd taken so many other chances up till then ... This one paid off . When my local store stopped carrying it , I knew I could n't just go back to the trial and error of the other products on the market . So now I buy my Kids and Pets on Amazon.com . You do n't just give up something that works this well .
 I have a Dachshund who i have been trying to housebreak for 2 years and have not been able to finish because she re-marks the same spot over and over again . In that time I have purchased , and thrown away , somewhere in the ballpark of 20 different cleaners and thrown away 2 rugs due to the smell . I purchased this cleaner thinking `` hey , its cheap I 'll give it a try '' -LRB- considering most other enzyme cleaners are $ 14-20 for 24 oz this really is cheap !!! -RRB- . when I got home I did a 2 ' square area by just pouring it on and letting it dry . The next day I stuck my nose right on the carpet and NO MORE ODOR !!!! Next I 'm going to put it in my spot bot and try using it more as a detergent.I gave it 4 stars because I do n't like products that you have to let dry .
 Two weeks before moving my dog at my apartment , a mouse died and I had trouble finding it . Yes , it ended up smelling horrible ! So I searched all the local stores for a cleaner that has enzymes that will not just mask but actually remove odors . After finding and removing the repulsive mouse , I doused the stain with this remover . First I used it as a cleaner , then a deodorizer . It helped immediatly . After a couple of days the odor had left the house completely . I am definetly purchasing more , as my dog is living with me now . I know this stuff works wonders and will get rid of any stains and odors she causes . GREAT PRODUCT , HIGHLY RECOMMENDED !!!
 I am very nearly ocd . I 've tried them all . And I can promise you I have never used anything that works like this stuff . What a ridiculous name . It so under-sells the product . But seriously , you can practically throw away all the scrubbing tools because you rarely have to even rub it in . Just pour a tiny bit of this stuff on ANY spot and the stain is gone . I 've used it on everything too . Furniture , carpets , my tent , laundry . The biggest test of all is cat pee . And yes , it gets the smell out , even OLD set in cat pee . And it works on grease too . Car grease . As in tracked in on the bottom of the lazy guy 's feet . You know who I 'm talking about -- that guy who wo n't wipe his feet OR take off his shoes . It even took out some old dryer cooked in stains , including blood and Sharpie stains . Love it . I do n't buy ANY other stain removing product anymore . Bought a case of this stuff .
 We 've had custody of our grandchild for over a year now . He 's 19 months old and this is a whole new learning process for us . Thank goodness for Kids 'n' Pets ! Nothing removes stains like it does . It even removes my husbands red wine stains in the rug after our toddler kicks his glass over in his race around the living room after dinner . Plus I feel safe using it around our little one . Great product !
 We have several geriatric kitties who have many urine accidents . We have tried all of the pet and retail store odor products and nothing comes close to what Kids and Pets can do for odor . Once the soiled area is cleaned , I spray it with the pleasently scented Kids and Pets , let dry and the odor never returns -LRB- even on humid days -RRB- . We 've used it on hard -LRB- floors and walls -RRB- and cloth surfaces with excellent results . Please continue to carry this product , we do n't know what we 'd do without it . Many thanks .
 You will not find any other reviews on Amazon.com written by this customer , but Kids-n-Pets is so amazing that I felt compelled to write this one . It is Christmas Break for we school folk , and were it not for Kids-n-Pets , we would be replacing carpet this week instead of relaxing and wrapping Christmas presents . It actually removes the odor of pet urine from carpet almost immediately . It is amazing and works exactly as advertised . GUARANTEED means something with this product .
 this product is the best for removing animal messes off carpet and other materials-easiest to use too . leaves a nutty odor and totally removes the mess odor . tried it on some old stains on clothes and it removed them too . removes grease , wine , and coffee stains . trying it on other types of stains next . leaves no residue or rings . best we 've used do far .
 I would recommend this product to anyone who has a dog that has accidents . I have a 3 year old cocker spaniel . They are know for having `` excitement pee accidents '' . This is the best product I 've ever used to clean up his little messes . It has no odor and cleans up in a few minutes . My carpet returns to it 's `` just like new '' appearance . I replaced the screw on cap with a spray pump . I spray the spot until it is saturated , leave it for 5 minutes and soak up the remaining Kids n Pets with no after odor or stain . It works like magic !
 Bought this at my local Walmart and it was significantly cheaper than what they are charging here on Amazon . -LRB- $ 4 per 32 oz bottle -RRB- . As for the product , it has worked much better than anything else we 've tried and we 've tried everything short of ripping up the carpet , which was the next step . We have a year and a half old mini goldendoodle who still makes frequent `` mistakes '' near the back door carpet - same general area all the time . She smells her previous pee , that 's where she goes - only natural . We used the whole bottle when we got it for the worst parts and while it has helped a lot , you can still smell the pee . We are back for more . Will update to see if we 'll ever be able to get it out entirely or if we 've ripped up the carpet !
 It took out the entire stain and smell from our pet 's potty accident ! It definitely works .
 THE CLEANERS ARRIVED JUST IN TIME FOR THE BIRTH OF FOUR KITTENS . I WILL BE USING THIS CLEANING PRODUCT . I COULD NOT FIND THIS PRODUCT IN LOCAL STORES .
 I have 3 large dogs in the house and house breaking the puppy was a big feat . Now my husband has a movement disorder and accidents are frequent . I have used several bottles of Kids 'n' Pets and it is the best cleaner and leaves the best smelling room around . IT is safe to use most anywhere and I have tried everything on the market . Price delivered to my door was less than the one store in which I was able to find it .
 This is my 3rd or 4th case ! We have 2 dogs , a girl that likes to piddle occasionally and a boy that likes to piddle over her piddle , grrr ! This does n't harm your carpet and eliminates urine smell . This is the best product for pet stains and odors I 've EVER bought .
 I have used this product for about 4 years now . Walmart and Target used to carry it but , for whatever wacky reasons they might have , I do n't seem to be able to buy it there anymore !!!! When I saw it go on `` clearance '' at Target this summer , I bought the last three bottles . Yes , I have pets with marking issues and I go through a lot of Kids 'N' Pets . It is terrific at spot treating stains on clothes as well as on removing/correcting pet accidents . I have taken to using a small -LRB- very small -RRB- `` shop vac '' in cleaning up the pets ' mess
 I have tried every cleaner possible for my cream colored wall-to-wall carpet but nothing has worked on the grease stains that my brother had left behind , the rust stains that the leak in the pipes have left behind , or the tracks from the countless shoes worn inside the home ... until this . I first used it because my sister-in-law recommended it , and I just did a spot treat ... assuming it would n't work just like the rest . But it did ! I ended up buying about 5 bottles and used it in my carpet cleaner and my carpet looks almost like it did when I moved in ... no spots ! I 'm stoked that the search has finally come to an end .
 I have 10 cats in the house , some of whom are chronically ill , & accidents * will * happen . This product removes the odors & stains immediately . My whole house would constantly smell like a litter box if it were n't for Kids 'N' Pets .
 I have had cats for 10 years and one of them began to urinate in my living room . I had gotten to the point where I did n't want to let anyone in my house from the smell . I tried and used everything traditional and nontraditional ! It just made the smell wet and worse ! When I got Kids and Pets , it took the smell and the nasty stain right out . Now when my cat has an accident , I do n't have to have a literal panic attack . Just pour it on the spot and never see or smell it again ! Great on old stains too . Takes out crayon , pen marks , you name it . I love it !
 I 've got three dogs . I get stains . KIDS 'N' PETS has worked on every stain I 've used it on . I even successfully removed a stain with this stuff that other stain removers did nothing for , and after setting for three years ! I figured , why not try it , and sure enough , it worked!Don ' t bother with anything else . This is the stuff you want to use . I even use it in my carpet shampooer now .
 I love this product ! It works great on pet stains ! I have tried many products that cost much more money and they do n't work nearly as good . I saw this at Target and picked it up figuring it could n't be any worse than the products I already tried . I am trying the aerosol spray next and hope it works just as well !
 We 've used almost every cleaning product known to man to clean our cat 's `` accidents '' from the carpets . We even bought a steam cleaner for the carpet to try to get out the stains and smells . We were in Target one day , saw Kids n Pets and decided `` what the heck ? '' . Now - the bottle does say that for odor elimination , you have to pour the product on , not to wipe it up , and that you may have to repeat . Since most of our stains are 2 years old or older and accidents have happened multiple times in one place , we 're finding that we need multiple bottles in each place.That said , the smallest of all of our spots has no more odor . It required a full bottle . We 're close to having one other eliminated soon . Now that we know it will require multiple bottles per spot , we 're slowly getting rid of them!We 'll probably be trying this in our steam cleaner any time we need to clean up a fresh `` accident '' as well!Thank goodness there 's finally a product that works !
 Started using this when my daughter was small and still having bedwetting accidents . The only product I found that would remove urine odor from her mattress and blankets.Still using it years later for all kinds of situations requiring odor removal or an enzyme-based cleaning action : Great laundry pretreatment.Good on carpeting.Took red wine out of grout.Spray on auto upholstery to remove stale smell.Highly recommend .
 I used this before I found out it is all natural . I care for an adult dependent who is totally incontinent . I had tried crystals , sprays , and 2 or 3 step systems without success and did n't have much faith that this would work either . I found it in a store and the price was n't as high as the others . -LRB- another reason I thought it would n't work -RRB- It does n't just cover up the odor , it totally removes it . I will never waste my time and money on other products for odor removal that claim to do what KidsNPets actually does .
 I used this product several years ago when my paralyzed had a IBS and stained my almost white area carpet ... it came out and no poo smell lingering . He also left urine stains on our carpet after muscle spazams and blood stained from a cut on his foot all came out . Then recently I discovered several of my other dogs were using the carpet for a potty -LRB- they hate rain and decided they would rather pee on the carpet -RRB- , I was upset of course as I started trying everything to get the smell out which only put the stain further into the carpet and as soon as it was dry it was back and the smell was stronger . I tried Simple Solutions , Odor Out , Zero Odor , and many other expensive products and the good old vinegar and water followed by peroxide and baking soda which made it worse than ever . Then my husband asked why I did not use the stuff I used before ... and I was not sure what he was talking about and then it hit me ... Kids n Pets , it had been so long since I have needed it that I no longer had any in my house and forgot about it . I bought 6 bottles and my carpet is nice and clean and I could not be happier . Never again am I going to forget this product or use the other products that do not even come close to doing what this product does.This also works great on clothing , I have turned dirty looking winter jackets into new looking again , vomit in the car , out and no smell , greasy smelling pot holders , clean and no grimy feel after ! I love love love love this stuff . Buying a few cases as soon as I am finished just to make sure I always have it !
 This removes organic stains of all sorts and pet odors from accidents , etc. . I also use it for stains on items to be laundered and I always have some around .
 This is great for getting rid of the pet pee odor . Resolve or other topical spray cleaners just are n't adequate when it comes to getting to the root of the problem . This is able to get down to where the pee would go and work there . However , it is not as good at getting stains out of carpet . But , that it actually works when it comes to getting odors out and not just covering them up is so so so worth the purchase . I 've fallen in love with the spot cleaner and have ordered the carpet cleaner concentrate for use in my carpet shampooer/cleaner ! I 'm excited !
 I was n't expecting much out of another cleaning product however , I was greatly surprised . I have an older child -LRB- 10 years old -RRB- in our home who wets the bed nightly . Several mattress pads have failed to protect the mattress which has left the mattress in poor condition . I addeded a spray head to the bottle of Kids n Pets and sprayed the mattress until it was soaked . I then let it sit for the rest of the day . Do to the cold air temperature , I had a difficult time getting the mattress dry again but once I did I was completely amazed at how this product lifted out ALL of the old stains and removed the urine smell . The mattress is back to its orginal white color . Out of all the chemicals I have tried in the past , this is the best . The great thing is that you can also add this product to your wash loads which I do for clothing that got wet during the night .
 It worked on cat spray !!! We took in a 9 mo male stray cat who decided to spray my family room . Nothing worked , we shampooed , used vinegar & baking soda ... I was ready to call the pros out b/c the smell was so bad ! I saw this product and few other brands at the store and decided to give it a try . I dumped the whole bottle on the worst part of the carpet and used the spray products on the other parts . It took all nite but the smell is GONE ! Only where I used this product ... the other products did n't work . I think the key is totally saturating the area . So grateful for this product !
 We have had pets for over 23 years . We have tried practically every product on the market and nothing comes even close to Kids and Pets . We stumbled upon this product about 10 years ago while at Target and decided to give it a try because we had very old dogs that had accidents . It cleans every mess that a pet can possibly experience . This product does not mask the odor , it actually gets rid of the odor for good . We have also used it on mattresses when the kids were little and had accidents . It works great for odor control in toilets . We will never use anything else.D and K
 This is the ONLY product I 've ever used that really removes pet odor from urine or feces . My dog had jealousy issues when we brought the new baby home . He sprayed the baby 's new room and we could n't let the baby sleep in it because it was SOOO strong smelling . We used this cleaner and the next day the carpet was like BRAND NEW ! We ordered 2 whole cases just to make sure we are never without it !
 I bought a few two-packs before I finally buckled down and went for the six pack . Here 's the rundown of my experience : Pros : * I 've used this stuff since I brought my pup home from the shelter . He was mostly house trained , but accidents -LRB- and illness -RRB- still happen . Without getting terribly graphic , he had a bad reaction to a wet food and it came out pretty liquidy on the other side . I thought for sure my carpet was ruined , but after several cleaning sessions , the carpet was clean ! * I 've also used this chemical for adult stains , both from menstrual blood and bedroom-related stains . Use it for pre-treatment before washing your laundry . It 's better than Shout and Bleach combined.Cons : * This will not get you out of a pet clean in an apartment if the carpet cleaning company does a special test for that . You may not be able to see or smell where an accident happened , but cleaning companies have a chemical test that still picked it up in my case . Still , it was a cleaning fee , not a carpet replacement . * You need to use a decent amount for it to work well . You can put it in a spray bottle to make it last longer , but I find it better to use it in liquid form . If you have a puppy or more than one pet , get the six pack ! You will use it . I went through six bottles over about a year and a half .
 my parrot went through this mineral block with speed . it 's of good quality due to the minerals the bird gets , but it did not last long .
 Transfered larger containers of cologne and hairspray to these smaller spray bottles . If you fly often a product like this is key to avoiding those long check in lines , put them in your ziploc bag and zip through security . Bottles function fine when you reach your destination .
 I travel a lot for business -LRB- 100k miles a year -RRB- and refuse to check a bag -- it 's carry on for me , so I needed travel bottles that do n't leak or break.I did a lot of looking around before ordering the 3-1-1 Totally Compliant Carry-on Kit , which I loved . I realized I needed a second spray bottle so I ordered this Easy Traveler Envirosprayer . To be honest , I transfer my hair stuff into this bottle ASAP because it sprays better -- very evenly and it does n't clog . Plus it 's the right size for getting through security at the airport and best of all , just like the rest of Easy Traveler 's bottles , it does not leak.I had a question so I emailed Easy Traveler and got a phone call back within 10 minutes -- now that is good customer service .
 This is a product we simply can not do without at our house , having 8 red lories . Unfortunately it becomes harder and harder to find in the 20 lb size . This seller had what we needed . It was tightly packed into a small priority mailing shipper , but it made it without breaking open and was mailed fairly quickly .
 My little doggie girl was in heat and I used this doggie diaper to hold her sanitary pad in place . She never showed any sign of discomfort while wearing this doggie diaper . It stayed on her even when she was rough housing with her doggie brother.This is a top notch quality item . You wo n't be disappointed .
 The mold does n't do Wixom justice - the pose is odd , and the hindquarter is not sculptured correctly . Nor does it do justice to the quality of her movement , which is truly outstanding . The vertical balance is not quite right either , she stands up on more leg than the model would lead you to beleive . Her front end is well done , though ; very elegant and characteristic of the breed and the Robinson bloodlines . Persons wishing to see a more accurate model of a show-type draft horse would do well to review a Peter Stone model , especially the one of MG 's Prince .
 NEW MOLD FOR 2001 ! Item
 They Do n't Say What Breed This Horse IsAnd I Would Like To Know , But ItLooks Very Cute.I Just Love Draft Horses
 hi i think this model is very nice i do n't have her yet i do not see anything worng whit wixom i have been colleting for only 3 mhounts spelling erro srry and i have more thane 40 models i have a huge mustang herd im 10 going to be 11 none of my models have chips paint summges or rugs only my clsydale foal from falling off top of my bunk bed on ears and not broken very durbel seppling eroo agane srry on to my other bed
 Cedarfarm Wixom is a very beutiful black coat and pose her tail looks a little funny tho but she is a very heathy looking horse she is not fat that 's just her breed .
 This model is great , excellent for a new young collector due to its thick legs-less breakage . The only problem with this model is the tippy leg . does n't stand too well . Dangerous for shelves
 THIS BLACK PERCHERON MARE IS PERFECTLY SCULPTED.HER EYES ARE BEAUTIFUL AN HER TAIL IS A LITTLE FUNNY.I LIKE HER COLOR , SHE IS SO BLACK LIKE THE EBANY.SHE HAS A BEAUTIFUL POSE .
 SHE HAS A FUNNY TOY LIKE TAIL.BUT HAS A BEAUITFUL BLACK COAT.JUST LIKE SPIRIT MY DAUGHTERS BLACK WILD MUSTANG.BUT HER HORSE IS A LOT BIGGER HAS A LONGER TAIL AND MANE AND SPIRIT IS A YOUNG STALLION.ALL MY 789 HORSES LOOK BETTER
 This is a nice brush for the horse 's face . It is soft , but it does n't really get too much `` hard '' dirt off the face . It does what it advertises though so ca n't complain .
 This is a great product . My cat does n't seem to mind `` bathing '' with these pre-moistened mitts . Customer service is fast and courteous , too .
 I bought this travel kennel in anticipation to travel with my lab . The item comes with its own carrying case and easily collapses down to put into the case . Very easy to transport!To assemble , just lift and zip up the sides ! Assembled in 10 seconds ! The item has `` windows '' and shades on the sides and the front so that it gives your dog the impression of his/her own enclosed den . I havent used the pockets located on the sides of the kennel yet , but I imagine they can be useful.To give you an idea , my dog -LRB- lab -RRB- is approx 60 lbs and she fits in the kennel just fine with some room with this 38 '' kennel .
 I do n't use this for my dog but rather for my two tabby cats when we make a family trip up north to the cabin . I put both of them in there with some food , a small litter box and some toys and they are good to go for 3 + hours . Occasionally I unzip the door and let them out while I drive as one of my babies does n't especially like the car . He hops up on top and sleeps while the other rests inside . Does the trick . I 've had this product for years . It 's been from Chicago to Michigan to transport 3 of my friends cats as well . The space really helped the long drive . I also used this when housing a pair of stray cats and their kittens . Big enough for the whole family to feel safe and with the window flaps down it cut down the wind to keep them warm.My only complaint which is part of my own doing is that this takes up the entire truck space of my Jeep Cherokee . Still leaves the backseat for packing but makes it hard to carry more then one or two human passengers . I rarely do on long trips so its not a deal breaker . If you have a puppy or particularly excitable dog this might not be the right option . It is after all fabric . Its tough but it will rip if you 're too rough with it . If you have an older dog or one that is n't going to jump on top of it , this would be perfect .
 I stumbled upon this product at a store originally and have been searching for it ever since . I am so glad I found this site because the product Urine Gone works like no other . I have tried hundreds of different ways to get rid of the odor and this is the ONLY product that works . I have three dogs and sometimes they do have accidents because I am at school for 8-10 hours a day 3 days a week and my daughter works all day . I take the dogs out before I leave , but they have to wait until I get home to go out again , sometimes they just ca n't wait . I will definitely be purchasing this product again and will make sure to have a ready supply on hand.The other reviewers are correct , you must saturate the area to get it down to the carpet padding in order for it to take the entire odor away , otherwise the odor could seep up from the padding , depending on how big the spot is , it might take quite a bit of the product , but it is well worth it . I used to get down on my hands and knees to try to get the urine smell out of the carpet , nothing worked . Now I use Urine Gone and I do not have to get down on the floor to use it . I would and have recommended this product to anyone who has pets .
 A great price that in my experance works beter than others on the market . Not only removes pet stains but also works on stains on clothes that other stain removers made for clothes do n't . Prompt shipping . Comes as two 24 oz . not one 48 oz .
 A toddler I was babysitting turned out to not be as potty-trained as his mother had claimed and had an accident all over my carpet . The carpet was dark so it did n't stain , but unfortunately the room was n't well ventilated so the smell got to be unbearable after a few days . I tried multiple products before picking up the Urine Gone starter kit at Target . The other products masked the smell for maybe an hour or so before it would come back in full force . My first application -LRB- single bottle -RRB- of this did wonders to permanently reduce the odor , so I purchased the large refill from Amazon to finish the job . In total I needed 2.5 bottles -LRB- which may be a bit high given that this was a pretty dense carpet -RRB- . My advice would be to definitely give this a try -LRB- maybe with just a single bottle to start -RRB- but to keep in mind that you need to COMPLETELY saturate the area in order for it to work effectively . Honestly if you 've got reasonably deft hands it could be best to just unscrew the top and pour it . There is a little bit of an typical cleaning products odor when you first apply it but only when you 're right by the stain and it goes away as it dries . Also note that this refill did not come with a spray top so if you do n't want to pour you will need one that fits .
 As far as the smell goes , it is pretty effective -LRB- as long as there is no new urine -RRB- . I like that it does help keep my cat from peeing on the bed , but the downside is that if i dont spray the bed at least every other to every three days , she goes for the gold again . : /
 I found this stuff at Wal-mart but then suddenly they quit selling it or they are constantly out of it so i found it online . This is BY FAR the BEST STUFF you can find on the market to take the smell of urine out your carpet . I love love love love this stuff and would buy it by the caseload if i could .
 Having two cats that use any excuse not to use their litter boxes has given me lots of experience with trying to remove the stench of cat urine . Nothing ever worked ! When one of the cats peed on my son 's $ 170 motorcycle jacket I was off to the store to look for a miracle again . This time I found it ! I followed the instructions , soaked the spot , and let it dry completely . No more smell ! Most of the bad reviews that I read here seemed to stem from simply not following the directions . Soak it down , let it dry - simple as that . I 'm going to order a big jug of this stuff . It 's nothing short of a miracle product !
 I have a not so housebroken Chihuahua and have tried everything under the sun to clean his spots . After buying my first bottle a year ago this is the ONLY thing I will ever use again . Not only does it completely get rid of the stain , new or old , it also gets rid of the odor .
 I have two cats and while afraid during a recent storm , my oldest urinated on the couch while hiding behind a pillow for hours . -LRB- Poor boy -RRB- . Anyhow ... $ 1,000 couch runied ? Nah ... Urine Gone is amazing . I 've tried everything in the past . Nothing works as good as this . As some of the previous reviews claim you do need to saturate the effected area . Just follow the directions on the bottle and you 'll be golden .
 I am not connected with Urine Gone . I have used this product for several years with my cats and it does eliminate the odor and urine stain which is the most important reason a person wants to use this product . I am now using it with my new puppy . You do have to saturate the spot not just spray it . It there is a discoloration on the carpet after using this product -LRB- which happened on my light gray carpet -RRB- , just use carpet cleaner like Blue Coral Dri-Clean for spot cleaning . Spray it on , work it in and vacuum when dry -- stain gone .
 This is amazing ! I have 3 dogs , a cat , and a baby boy , and this gets out every stain imaginable ! It takes out stains , and smells , doesnt just cover them up . I have sprayed a pee spot and put my nose in it the next day and cant smell anything . it 's the best .
 I could n't live without this stuff . It removes odor from carpets , furniture , and clothing , and so far I have yet to find a fabric I ca n't safely use it on . It 's unscented so you do n't have an obvious scent lingering afterward as with products like Febreze ; it just removes the odors you do n't want.The trick is , you have to saturate the affected area for it to work . If you spray the surface of your carpet , the product ca n't penetrate all the way through to the pad . That 's probably why another reviewer was so disappointed . Same with bedding ; if you just spray the top and it ca n't get through to the mattress pad and mattress , you 'll probably still have the stain/odor . Pull everything back and get right to the target and you 'll have good results.I found the black light to be more of a gimmick than anything , but some people may find it useful for tracking down odors when they do n't know the source .
 I have ten cats , and one of the former-ferals sometimes sprays in the house . I have used Urine Gone , now , for a couple of years , and like it better than Nature 's Miracle . I agree with Stephanie Dragon 's review -- the black light is more of a gimick . I 've never found it to be useful . And , you DO have to saturate the area where the stain is . Just applying a light spray does n't do the trick . Urine Gone is something that I could n't exist without !
 I have literally bought dozens of urine removers on the market . This is by far the ONLY stain remover that gets rid of the smell of urine and poo of my 2 dogs -LRB- lab & german shepard mix -RRB- . Other products can get rid of the smell temporarily but urine gone gets rid of the smell . Usually when pets constantly keep urinating in one spot , they can still smell the old urine which is why they constantly urine/poo there . Urine gone gets rid of that smell completely . I love it and I will never use anything else !!
 I 've tried several similar products -LRB- i.e Nature 's Miracle , etc -RRB- , and none of the others work . In fact , the others made the situation worse . Out of desperation , I tried Urine Gone . It worked , AND I could use less than half the amount required by the other products . The little bit of scent it has dissapate quickly -LRB- I 'm highly allergic to scents/perfumes - so this is important -RRB- . Urine Gone works very well and very fast . I highly recommend the product !
 I used it in a steam cleaner and it worked pretty good . Had to go over the carpet area 2X though .
 Have had 2 puppies in the last 3 three years . PUPPIES ... . But I found this stuff at Target a few years ago . It is the best I have found . Soak up urine with paper towel and then spray the spot thoroughly . Then I take a damp -LRB- water -RRB- paper towel and scrub the spot . Usually I do not see or smell it again . Latest puppy got too excited on the couch the other night and let loose . I hit it twice with the above method and we are again sitting on that couch . The trick is to use the Urine Gone first so the enzyme will take affect . My puppies are doing well with potty training but I always have a refill bottle on hand . Thanx to this product my puppies are still alive ! JK
 Finally ! This product really does eliminate stains under the UV light ! We have had our dog for 8 years , and before discovering Urine Gone , we had never been able to find a product that eliminated stains under the inspection of a UV light . Sure , to the naked eye stains were gone , but under the unforgiving UV , all other products failed . We also have a senior cat , and recently , she has been urinating outside of her litter box -LRB- DISGUSTING cat urine -RRB- , this product has miraculously solved the odor problem in the room that she decided to have her accidents in . Make sure to completely soak the area that you are treating . It must soak all the way down into the carpet pad so I recommend unscrewing the spray nozzle , and just pouring it out on the stain . It may take more than one treatment , but this stuff works . This product has helped our noses and sanity because as much of a pet lover/humane person as I am , the smell of cat urine -LRB- yak ! -RRB- makes me want to kick our cat out . Buy this product with confidence , and enjoy coexisting with your pets .
 Great product , the only pet stain remover that has totally worked for me . Had a very sick dog recently and it took out some pretty nasty stains . Since my older dog has problems with incontinence , I DO N'T use it in the places where he is prone to make a mistake . Otherwise , since animals do n't return to spots where Urine Gone is used , it forces him to try new spots .
 I stumbled across this product a couple of years ago , decided to give it a try and am so glad that I did . Urine Gone works on old stains as well as new stains . I have 4 dogs and I can spray the area if they have an accident and do not have to worry about any of the others going to that same spot and making there mark . I LOVE THIS PRODUCT !
 I first bought this product in desperation . My cat had an accident right in the middle of my house . The whole house smelled like cat pee ! I tried everything that I could get my hands on at the store . After cleaning the carpet 5-6 times and having the smell come back each time , I bought Urine Gone . No more cat pee smell and the stain is completely gone . This stuff is a miracle ! Have used it several time for the dog accidents too .
 In a household with 6 cats and lots of attitude urine gone is a must have item . When one of my elderly cats started urinating wherever she happened to be , I tried urine gone for the first time . It removed the smell from the carpets as well as the wood floor where it had seeped in . I tried a similar item from the pet store and it just did n't work as well . I always make sure I have urine gone on hand . I have been using it for over 7 years now . It works !
 We have both dogs and cats . This seems to work to clean up any accidents . I douse the area as soon as possible and let it work . Sometimes multiple applications are necessary.After it has dried , many times I use a carpet cleaner with just hot water and thoroughly clean the area.Definitely recommended .
 We tried several other brands of odor removers and such - THIS WORKS where the other ones did n't ... But it 's cheaper to buy it here than it is from them directly , for some reason ?! It 's even cheaper yet at Wal-Mart and available right on the shelf right now !! Just saying !!
 It does n't just deodorize ; we use it to clean the whole floor , including * wide grout lines between tiles . And it barely needs rinsing ; maybe not at all , depending on how concentrated you make it .
 I was REALLY getting frustrated by the smell of cat urine in my carpeting . Before having the rugs ripped out and replaced ; i tried this product . It did the trick after 2 applications . I highly reccommend this product .
 We bought a new puppy that had a few accidents . She is only 5 pounds so she does n't pee a ton of liquid but it stunk up our entire upstairs . I first tried white vinegar twice by completely saturating the spot and letting it dry on it 's own . It still had a smell . I bought this stuff at target and it works awesome . I used it the other day and today it is completely dry . There is no pee smell at all . I 'm not sure how it works removing the stain color of pee because we have chocolate brown carpet . There is a fragrance sent but it is a nice smell .
 Purchased this product after seeing it on a commercial . I was a little skeptical but after one use I was shocked at the effectiveness of the product . Worth the price , great smell , works great , all around a good purchase .
 This product does what it says it can do . It 's excellent ! It has saved a sofa , a mattress , carpeting , etc. . I always make sure to keep some on hand in my household - with young children and pets , I always need it !
 Works on removing odor and stains . Highly recommended ! Worth every penny . Glad there is such a product for removing pet odors and urine stains .
 We have two cats and two dogs . Accidents happen with that many critters especially when we have to work or be gone for longer than we want . It does a very nice job of cleaning and deodorizing .
 I have a 14 year old Persian with renal failure . This product has saved my white carpet . Definitely recommend it .
 I got a bottle of this . Put it next to the urinal at work -LRB- tile floor , grout and strong urine smells -RRB- . Once a day , first thing in the morning a mist of it around the urinal area . The smell is gone - - something that our janitor could n't do.Our janitor is jealous and ca n't figure how this bottle can be better than him , .
 This is awesome stuff , it just does n't cover up the problem , it actually eliminates the smell , so they wo n't come back to mark the area again
 Luckily , I do n't need to use this anymore . My cat finally stopped marking his territory now that he is fixed ! This stuff does a great job at getting rid of the urine smell . Only thing I do not like is the smell of the cleaner . It is n't as bad as the cat pee , but it is n't great . You 'll want a nice air freshener to go with it .
 My dogs are VERY naughty and sometimes like to pee on the carpet inside . No product has ever gotten rid of the smell , except for this one . You really do need to use a LOT of it in order for it to soak down into the padding and let it air dry . It does n't attract any dirt which most cleaners do . I will continue to buy it and from this seller !
 First product that really removed the urine odor . We have an old dog who is having more accidents and I had n't been able to remove the odorous using regular cleaning products .
 So glad to have found this product . With 3 cats , there tends to be mishaps and this helps so much . Keeps the litter box smelling fresh .
 This stuff saved Wizard , the no-longeer-stray tom cat ! A friend called and begged me to take in a giant stray tom that was super friendly despite having an abscessed foot due to fighting . He was immediately taken to the vet , treated and brought home . We could n't get him in to be neutered for 4 days . Overnight he sprayed in the bedroom . My daughter was woken up by the smell . It permeated the house even though he was kept in just that one room . I have never smelled anything like that ... ever ! Skunk spray is more tolerable ! I was sure we would never get it out and would have to take Wizard to the animal shelter . Tom cats are almost immediately put down so this would have been a tragedy . We kenneled Wizard at a local kennel until the neuter date and bought a bottle of Urine Gone . I soaked the room with half the bottle . I tipped up the mattresses and soaked them . Then we closed the door and waited . Twelve hours later the room smelled worse , not better ! I was horrified . If this happens to you , do not give up ! I soaked the room with the other half of the bottle , making sure to hit any spots in the room I missed , including halfway up the wall . This morning when I opened the door , I was shocked . No smell ! I walked into the room , spun around in disbelief , sniffing like an idiot . Still no smell ! I have read that cat urine will smell worse at first when using this product . That is definitely true to my experience . It has to be given at least 24 hours and everything must be saturated . I have hardwood floors and they have n't been damaged by the Urine Gone . I 've also read that the smell comes back over time for some people . I do n't know if thats due to the actual smell coming back or the cat continuing the behavior . Either way , I 'm prepared to keep Urine Gone available at all times . I plan to pair it with plug-in cat pheremone diffusers . My vet swears by them . Give Urine Gone a try before giving up !
 Product was advertised as a 48 oz . refill . I received 4 12 oz . bottles instead . One of the bottles was leaking and had to be thrown out . This is the second time I have ordered a 48oz . refill only to receive 12 oz . bottles . Apparently the company does not have the 48 oz . refill as advertised .
 We 've been using Urine Gone for the last couple of years since shortly after the battle of the spraying cats took over the house . Short of banning the cats from the house , and we prefer not to since they are older cats , Urine Gone is great . We bought the starter bottle at our local Lowes with the Black Light -LRB- which is worth it 's weight in gold -RRB- to find the origin of the smell and have been reordering the stuff on line from Amazon .
 This product works like no other product available at any pet store.It really emliminates dog urine odor on the rugs . Even after shampooing the rug it would still smell , but after I spray this product on my rug and let it sit overnigh and do it 's magic I was amazed at the results , and I have tried alot of products -LRB- my dog has frequent accidents -RRB- .
 This item is wonderful . It is truly the only solution I have found to aid in the removal of puppy accidental urine stain and or odor . Would not be without it .
 This product does an EXCELLENT job of getting pet `` stink '' out of furniture and carpets . My only issue with it is that it is a pretty awful smell itself while it 's working -LRB- it fades fast though -RRB- . I pretty much need to use it before I go out and the smell will have dissipated if I come back in a couple of hours . But I do n't spray it if I 'm staying home ... . the smell of it gets to me . This DOES , however , do the best job of anything I 've used at getting rid of the odor of pet urine ... . so it 's worth spraying down any spots and then going to a movie .
 This is an amazing product . I clean houses for a living and a couple of them are multiple pet owners . To be more specific mutiple cat owners . Even though the animals are all spayed or neutered and the cat boxes are cleaned twice daily when you get 5 cats in a house I can guarantee you that there will be a need for this product . It eliminates the smell of urine instantly . It of course has a smell of its own but it is not an over powering scent and it does n't linger for that long . This is the best product of its type that I have ever come across and will continue to use it as long as it is being made . * TWO THUMBS UP *
 I have 9 cats and 8 dogs in my house and somebody is always doing something somewhere that they should n't ! Puppies have accidents and so do a couple of my older dogs . Cats occassionally mark their territory or pee on things when they are ill -LRB- always take your pet to the vet if they start going in places they usually do n't ... it could be a sign that something is wrong -RRB- . Urine Gone is they only thing that gets our the smell . YOU MUST FOLLOW THE DIRECTIONS AND REALLY SATURATE THE AREA FOR IT TO WORK ! If you do this , the product works like a charm .
 I have two problems
 We have a dog who marks in the house , occasionally . This product removes any spots we can see and any smell we can feel .
 Urine Gone works amazing ! Just got a puppy ! this is the cheapest buy and this stuff works the best !
 Have used this product for several years . A must for pet problems , indoors and out . The advertisements are true . It really works .
 We have 2 small dogs , that do not like to go out when it is cold . We hope we have that problem solved , We tried other spot removers that did not work . My wife found urine gone at Lowes and brought it home to try . We were satisfide . So I got on the computer and ordered a 48 oz refill .
 i have 8 beautiful but ill mannered cats . i love them but they are somewhat free and easy with their expressions of displeasure . this is the best product i have tried and i 've tried them all ... there are only so many miracles that can be performed , however . vile little savages that they are . i keep working on it though , with the help of urinegone i hope someday to prevail .
 I agree with the last two reviews . Urine Gone works great for me . I to had to make sure that I saturated the area . When I first used it I only sprayed the surface of the carpet . When I lifted the rug there was still a stain . I repeated the process on the pad and then again on the carpet . I can now say that the stain and odor is gone in both spots . I also agree that it is safe to use on any material . If the stain is really set in you may have to treat the area 2-3 times . I was ready to give my dogs up because of the spraying problem of my male dog , but now I do n't have to . Whenever he does it now I whip out Urine Gone ! It truely is the Best Thing Ever if you have pets .
 Since we adopted our black lab as a 2.5 month old puppy , this has been his absolute favorite toy ! Even before his mouth was strong enough to squeeze the fat octopus 's head he enjoyed shaking it around so that the legs would hit him in the face & smack the floor -LRB- you know , the way dogs love to shake stuff -RRB- ! He has tons of squeaky toys , but this is always the one he chooses when someone comes outside to play . It 's just great to see him so filled with glee when he bounds around with it in his mouth , or successfully gets it to groan and squeak at the same time , and the rattle makes noise even with the gentlest touch . This toy is probably a dog 's dream stuffed toy come true!We 've had this toy for about 2 months now and everything is still in tact despite rigorous use & tug of war . Even the hair on `` Mr. Octopus 's '' head is n't budging . Best dog toy ever !
 My dog and I love playing with this pull . She loves tug-a-war games and this is a sturdy , easy on her teeth toy . Would recommend it !
 I just bought six more of these because they are my dog 's favorite toy . He is a great dane mix and he has torn through 2 of these since I bought one on Cannon Beach OR in August . They last forever and have a 2 different kinds of squeakers -LRB- one high pitch and one low pitch like a duck , a rattle , and it crinkles . Whenever his doggie friends come over to play this is ALWAYS the dog toy that gets played with . Online they are more then 60 % off what I pay in Seattle at Pet Pros . I was told they are being discontinued so buy a few while you still can ! I hope they bring back it back .
 Our dog likes to grab it by one leg and toss it around ... it 's because one of her top 5 favorite toys !
 My puppy absolutely loves this toy . Bought it two months ago and she finally managed to rip the stuffing out . That 's a long life for a soft toy if you ask me ! Surprisingly none of the legs come off , my dog actually ripped an eye off to get the stuffing . These are so cute and they are extremely durable!Your dog will love this toy : -RRB-
 My 16 month old pug has already been through 2 octopus 's and loves him ! It is her very favorite . I am getting her third this christmas !! Great toy , long lasting !
 My 3 year old pug has been through two different `` Oakley '' octopuses and HE LOVES THEM ! It is absolutely his favorite out of the million toys he has . He brings it to bed at night to sleep with him . We can say `` Go get Oakley ! '' and he will run and find it , wherever it 's at in the house.The toy is incredibly durable and has not only a squeaker , but a `` grunter '' too -LRB- you 'll see when you buy it -RRB- The long legs are so much fun ! We play tug-o-war with Oakley all the time.Buy this toy , you wo n't be sorry !
 My cavapoo thinks the purpose of all toys is to destroy them with all possible speed . So far , the Kong Lamb is holding up just fine . I would definitely feel comfortable buying another .
 Just purchased this teddy bear as one of the last installments to my puppy 's Kong collection . :--RRB- As always , very durable , perfect size for his 7 lbs , and something he really likes to play with ! Out of all the toys he has , the Kong products are just about the only things that he ca n't chew through !
 Ever since she was a pup , Quincy has loved these squirrels . I 've bought the larger ones , but she really likes the small ones best . And she 's not a small dog -- she 's about 52 pounds and loves to carry a squirrel or two in her mouth , toss them into the air , and bite down to make them cry.She 's got the whole Kong menagerie , but this little squirrel is her favorite ...
 My pug loves this little toy . He does n't get it to squeak , but he plays with it alot . Good toy !
 The `` Dynamic Duo , '' -LRB- a male Westie and a female Scotty -RRB- , have three criteria when they evaluate a toy
 The beaver is really cute and soft . I really wished I purchased this toy in a larger size because my Bichon loves toys that looks like squirrels .
 this is a great toy for any dog that likes small toys . my dog loves this toy so much and has played with it so much that it now looks like a sad mouse not a beaver . its a cute toy with an extra squeaker you cant beat that .
 The small beaver , is about the size of a mouse . This instantly became my small dog 's favorite toy ! Played with it constantly !! I love the fact that it does not have fluff in it , and that you can easily remove , or replace the squeakier as needed .
 I have a very small dog -LRB- app . 7 lbs . -RRB- who loves KONG squeaky toys , and the beaver was no exception . At least some of the pictures appear to be of the squirrel toy and not the beaver , so I will add that the beaver has a -LRB- as expected -RRB- large flat velour-like tail approximately the same size as it 's body . My dog loves to carry the tail in her mouth . Overall , great toy for a very small toy-loving dog . Just as expected .
 Both Cody and Penne ' love their new toys which are cute as can be . They are well made and each came with a surprise bag of 3 doggie treats ! This tiny beaver is our 4 # Schitzu 's favorite and also came with an extra squeaker which always seem to give out fast . We will definitely purchase Kong toys for them in the future !
 KONG Beaver Dog Toy , Small , I like the products from these products . I have purchased a few from your company .
 This is the only toy I have n't distroyed . It 's durable and has strong velcro on the belly to change out squeakers once they 've broken . The whole line of Kong Dr Noys plush toys are great . My mom and dad got me the bear and the frog too . XOXO Baron
 This toy is holding up very well . All the Kong toys seem to last . My dogs , jack russell terriers , like the small size .
 I have a 6.5 lb . yorkie-poo . She absolutely loves this toy . It 's just the perfect size for her and it squeaks as well which she likes ! I 've also washed it and it held up very well -LRB- just remember to take the squeaker out first -RRB- . This is one of her favorite toys and a must have when we go in the car.Since she likes it so much , I have a spare waiting for her !!!
 The picture was different from the item we received but we like what we received better . Squeeker still works and still not torn up , gave to the dogs as a Christmas gift ... that is pretty good !!!
 Our 15lb terrier/poodle mix LOVES this toy . It 's very durable - he can usually get a squeaker out of any other toy in 5 min or less , but not his one . He even tore through a rubber kong toy on the way home but for some reason has n't destroyed this one .
 My mom 's Shi Tzu is very lazy but the second she saw this toy , she jumped for it and started playing . She wore out the squeeker within a few days but she still love it.She still plays with it and it 's one of her favorite toys -LRB- and believe me , she has TONS of toys -RRB-
 A plush toy that my Bassets Hounds love - it squeeks and is well made so it will last long than most plus toys .
 We have Basset Hounds and they love toys that make noise and are soft , not rubber or vinyl . The replaceable squeeker has saved this toy more than once , so they can continue to play with it .
 Dogs carry these around and have not destroyed them after two weeks . That is good .
 Got this little guy for my dog who loves anything stuffed animal like and squeaks ! Nevertheless , she loves it and runs around the house most days with it in her mouth having us chase her for it to play a game of fetch . Just ironic that she took a liking to small dog form of her own !
 Quality squeaky toy of all times ! Even for a midsize Spaniel it is dearly cherished . Well made and comes with extra squeakers but not needed as yet after a jillion squeaks . Would buy same thing again .
 The dog loves it and has already gone through a couple of squeakers in the first weeks of having it from playing with it so much . Replaceable squeaks are a major plus . The only downside is that it does n't have enough stuffing . For a dog that likes to chew , this one might not be the best . For a dog that loves the squeak , this is the one .
 Really neat toy for a small dog . My Maltese really loves it . It comes with a replacement squeaky which came in handy when my friends cocker killed the first one .
 I have a male Chihuahua puppy who has decided this toy is his baby . He still plays with other toys , but this toy must be near him at ALL times . If the toy gets lost in the blankets -LRB- or stolen by one of sisters -RRB- , we have a problem . I ended up buying 3 more of these , because he gets so frantic when his `` baby '' goes missing , and also because the original one was murdered by one of his Chihuahua sisters = / She sneaked the toy outside during freezing temps , and the `` baby '' froze overnight . = / These toys are the perfect size for Chihuahuas and small mouths . All of mine love them , but this specific version seems to be the favorite .
 Why a dog would love this , I do n't know , but boy is it a hit ! It is favored above any other toy in the huge doggie toy basket . My six month old mini dachshund is seldom seen without a dead chipmunk in her mouth these days .
 Dr. Noys ' Dog Toys are the best toys in the world for my mini dachshund , Jolie . She likes a `` chewable '' toy , and these are sturdy enough that they are not -LSB- happily -RSB- destroyed in 10 minutes or less , like most stuffed toys . It comes with a spare squeeker , and the squeeker can be replaced when it finally gets a tooth puncture , through the little velcro slit in the tummy .
 Our dog Selby just loves this toy - he sleeps with it , drops it at our feet for `` fetch '' and uses it to push a tennis ball around . It is very durable - we play tug with it and he has n't managed to pull off the ear or the tail . We 've washed it a couple of times and it still looks great . I would recommend any of the Dr. Noys plush toys .
 My little Pomeranian puppy loves this toy ! She insists we play fetch with it every day . It 's a fun interactive toy for any dog lover : -RRB-
 My little Pomeranian puppy loves this toy ! She insists we play fetch with it every day . It 's a fun interactive toy for any dog lover : -RRB-
 My puppy loves this little toy -- I just wish it were brown instead of grey -- it looks too much like a mouse !
 We raise puppies for a service dog organization , and are always looking for new toys for our pups . This is a well-made toy , appealing to puppies ! Another thing I like about it is the heavy-duty velcro `` pouch '' that holds the squeaker . This way , the squeaker can be removed when the toy is washed , or if you 're concerned your dog will rip the toy . -LRB- Squeaker toys should NEVER never be given to unsupervised dogs . -RRB- An extra squeaker is also included , for when the first squeaker loses its voice . : - -RRB-
 I love these toys ! It 's nice being able to wash and dry them - so they stay clean and stink-free . My dogs really enjoyed the squeakers and you get extras . However -LRB- ! -RRB- , they are a total waste if you have a dog who chews .
 In her review of Frosty Dog , Chantal Ritz says that she does n't think that any dog toy is `` truly ` indestructable . ' '' I agree . There 's not a dog toy made that can withstand the chewing of a particularly determined mutt . So the only really fair tests for a dog toy are whether your dog likes it ; whether it 's safe ; and whether it holds up reasonably well when subjected to day-to-day gnawing ? With those tests in mind , the `` Dynamic Duo , '' -LRB- a male Westie and female Scotty -RRB- give Frosty Dog four stars . They are currently trying to dismember their second . The first one lasted a year , the last six months of which were spent with two legs and no nose . And they would still be playing with it , except that I got tired of looking at the poor bedraggled thing . By the way , I think that the `` large '' FD is probably the right size for all , but the very smallest , dogs . The Dynamic Duo only weigh in at 20 pounds each , but the `` large '' FD suits them fine .
 I 'd previously had a Dr. Noys medium-size teddy bear to play tug-o-war with my 30 lb knee-high sheltie , and after 6 months of tug-o-war , it looked like it had open-heart surgery . Held up quite well -LRB- looked perfect for the first 5 months -RRB- , so I decided to get another Dr. Noys toy for my little girl , as she loves stuffed toys.I do n't use this medium-size Frosty Dog for tug-o-war , as it 's a bit too small , she ends up accidentally biting my fingers when she tries to get a better grip on the toy -LRB- did n't have that problem with the medium size teddy bear -RRB- . So instead , my husband and I play keep-away with the Frosty Dog , tossing it back and forth so she 'll run between us for some exercise -LRB- she 's not much of a retriever -RRB- . When we throw it short so she has a chance to get the toy , she pounces on it and prances around with it in her mouth like it 's the best thing ever . She 'll also run to her toy box and select this toy when my husband is laying on the floor doing back exercises , and she 'll plop the Frosty Dog on his chest as a not-so-subtle way of saying `` Since you 're down here at my level , play with me ! '' . Sometimes when our sheltie is super happy , she 'll pick the Frosty Dog up and hold it in her mouth for a minute , squeaking the toy every couple seconds , just for the joy of it . The squeaker has held up great over 2 months of her joyful squeaking . She simply loves this toy.My dog is not a determined toy destroyer , thankfully . But , based on my experience with my other Dr. Noys teddy bear toy , their toys are built to be far superior to other plush toys . ** UPDATE ** September 13th , 2008
 As soon as I opened the Amazon box , Harri was right there , jumping up and grabbing the toy in her mouth and tearing off like a dog on fire . She seems to like the visual texture the dye-job provides , along with the actual texture of the fur . I got her the large dog toy , wich seems to be just the right size for her . She 's a 65 lb . Coonhound , which is not what I would consider to be a large dog , for those of you wondering about which size to get . So far , it seems to be a sturdy toy , but it has yet to be tested by a good game of tug-of-war between Harri and her sister , Sally . It has held up very well to a lot of other plush toys , and I 've found that I 've had good luck with Dr. Noys in the past , so I 'm more likely to take a chance on Dr. Noys compared to other plush toys .
 My ten week old Shih Tzu puppy loves this toy . Small and light enough for him to carry around , and holding up to those sharp puppy teeth just fine
 I have purchased the Dr. Noy 's Extra small bear , small rabbit , and medium lamb from Amazon . I have a smallish breed - he 's a pup at around 10 lbs and should max out at around 15 . His favorite of his animals is by far his medium sized lamb . He carries it with him everywhere . He has managed to put some holes in all three of his Dr. Noy 's , so they definitely are n't indestructible , but they are very sturdy . He is teething currently and they are withstanding that phase for the most part . The medium has an advantage of having a designated pouch inside the toy for the squeaker that the extra small and small did n't have . It makes the toy a little bulkier in the middle and adds some extra popping protection for the squeaker . Great toy !
 These toys are among the best plush dog toys out there , and we 've tried several . I do n't think any are truly `` indestructible '' since there 's always a dog somewhere that will defy that claim , but these are well made and worth buying for the majority of dogs . Just be * sure * to buy the size that suits your dog ; do n't buy one too small that can be swallowed easily ! Dr. Noys ' toys are great in that they always include an extra squeaker in the pack , and the toy squeaker is easily replaceable in its hidden velcro pouch . -LRB- Squeakers are not indestructible ; that 's why they include an extra . But the advantage here is that they are very secure , and ca n't be eaten . -RRB- You can even buy separate packages of squeakers if your dog is tough on plush toys . Or you can remove the squeaker if it drives you crazy ! ;--RRB- In the larger sizes you can replace the squeaker with a tennis ball for active dogs.Pay attention to the sizes listed
 These toys are among the best plush dog toys out there , and we 've tried several . I do n't think any are truly `` indestructible '' since there 's always a dog somewhere that will defy that claim , but these are well made and worth buying for the majority of dogs . Just be * sure * to buy the size that suits your dog ; do n't buy one too small that can be swallowed easily ! Dr. Noys ' toys are great in that they always include an extra squeaker in the pack , and the toy squeaker is easily replaceable in its hidden velcro pouch . -LRB- Squeakers are not indestructible ; that 's why they include an extra . But the advantage here is that they are very secure , and ca n't be eaten . -RRB- You can even buy separate packages of squeakers if your dog is tough on plush toys . Or you can remove the squeaker if it drives you crazy ! ;--RRB- In the larger sizes you can replace the squeaker with a tennis ball for active dogs.Pay attention to the sizes listed
 These toys are among the best plush dog toys out there , and we 've tried several . I do n't think any are truly `` indestructible '' since there 's always a dog somewhere that will defy that claim , but these are well made and worth buying for the majority of dogs . Just be * sure * to buy the size that suits your dog ; do n't buy one too small that can be swallowed easily ! Dr. Noys ' toys are great in that they always include an extra squeaker in the pack , and the toy squeaker is easily replaceable in its hidden velcro pouch . -LRB- Squeakers are not indestructible ; that 's why they include an extra . But the advantage here is that they are very secure , and ca n't be eaten . -RRB- You can even buy separate packages of squeakers if your dog is tough on plush toys . Or you can remove the squeaker if it drives you crazy ! ;--RRB- In the larger sizes you can replace the squeaker with a tennis ball for active dogs.Pay attention to the sizes listed
 These toys are among the best plush dog toys out there , and we 've tried several . I do n't think any are truly `` indestructible '' since there 's always a dog somewhere that will defy that claim , but these are well made and worth buying for the majority of dogs . Just be * sure * to buy the size that suits your dog ; do n't buy one too small that can be swallowed easily ! Dr. Noys ' toys are great in that they always include an extra squeaker in the pack , and the toy squeaker is easily replaceable in its hidden velcro pouch . -LRB- Squeakers are not indestructible ; that 's why they include an extra . But the advantage here is that they are very secure , and ca n't be eaten . -RRB- You can even buy separate packages of squeakers if your dog is tough on plush toys.Pay attention to the sizes listed
 We adopted a small dog that had been abused . She was n't used to having toys.Bought this one and she loves it .
 I got this for my 10 week old miniature dachshund puppy . She loved it , and unlike a lot of toys , she was able to make it squeak very easily . The body of the toy -LRB- minus tail -RRB- is about the size of a small mouse -LRB- real -RRB- , so you would n't want to get this for a big dog . It came with an extra squeaky , which I loved . Unfortunately , our larger , chewing machine dog got a hold of it and tore it , so the old squeaky is broken and the new one wo n't stay in . I might have to order another one , it was such a good toy for the puppy !
 I bought this for my Yorkie !! He LOVES it !! It is like a small rodent , which he likes to chase . I am pleased . Thank you !!
 great little toy for my dogs . i have yorkies so they love it and it comes with an extra squeaker .
 My dog is very happy with this . The only thing is that the toy is only about 3 &#34; long . Came with a replacement squeaker though
 Fun toy for my Cavalier King Charles Spaniel . She like her toys and really seems to like this one . It looks like a real beaver . She carries it around and plays with it often .
 I didnt realize I ordered a small one but instead of giving to my large breed dog I gave to my chihuahuas . They love it .
 I bought this for my brother 's chihuahua and she loves it to death ! It seems to last quite awhile for a smaller dog and she drags it everywhere !
 This is a very cute stuffed animal . The only thing I was disappointed with was the size . I expected the medium to be larger . It is probably more suited to a 40 lb dog than my 90 lb boys !
 I have two dogs that love to chew , a dachshund and a pit mix . They love their stuffed toys . Most only last a day before they are torn to shreds . These kong stuffed toys have lasted over a month . Worth every penny !
 I have two dogs that love to chew , a dachshund and a pit mix . They love their stuffed toys . Most only last a day before they are torn to shreds . These kong stuffed toys have lasted over a month . Worth every penny !
 This toy is EXTERMELY adorable , and my pup loves it ! It looks almost exactly like him , so its funny to watch him play with it and bark at it ! Its great that it comes with an extra squeaker , because my dog always chews the squeaker out ! Thanks so much amazon and dr. noys ! < / 3 !
 My dog loves this toy . He 's a 65 lb border collie mix ... it even comes with an extra squeaker . The belly has a velcro opening for speaker replacement . It 's perfect to have him carry to keep his mouth busy and his brain focused . It washes perfectly -LRB- I removed squeaker first -RRB- . It 's a good toy .
 Dogs love it ! Best thing is that it came with a replacement `` squeaker '' and it velcroes to change it out . I plan on using my replacement to make them another toy , but still a great idea !
 Our french bulldog will tear anything up in a day . I read somewhere that this specific model seems to be the strongest . I have n't tried other Dr. Noys toys , but I got ta say the little guy loves it . We got it for him 3 months ago and he has not tore it ! His toys rarely last , but this one is still intact .
 My dog is n't really big into toys ... or she was n't until I got this for her . I have a little min pin who LOVES chasing small -LRB- and large -RRB- animals . She absolutely LOVES this toy ! Keep in mind that this toy is a small toy which is intended for small dogs . The size is perfect for my small 10 lb dog . If your dog loves to go after squeakers , this toy comes with an extra one , and you can even opt to remove the squeaker before you even give it to your dog . There is a line of sturdy velcro on the belly of the toy that allows you to remove it . My dog rarely lets go of this toy and it has held up quite nicely , but she 's not an aggressive chewer . I highly recommend this toy for dogs who love to chase animals . Kali loves it !
 I just bought a new puppy and chose this as part of the `` toy collection . '' It is her favorite toy . Just small enough for a puppy , soft and squeaks .
 I have a little Scorkie pup -LRB- he 's 7lbs now -RRB- and this little toy is perfect for his size . I 've purchased toys from the pet stores and other places , but in the last few months , he 's been teething , and can chew through any non-Kong stuffed animal . He loves the squeaker , and I love that he can bite the thing as hard as he wants , and it does no damage ! This brand is the best I 've come across so far !
 These toys are among the best plush dog toys out there , and we 've tried several . I do n't think any are truly `` indestructible '' since there 's always a dog somewhere that will defy that claim , but these are well made and worth buying for the majority of dogs . Just be * sure * to buy the size that suits your dog ; do n't buy one too small that can be swallowed easily ! Dr. Noys ' toys are great in that they always include an extra squeaker in the pack , and the toy squeaker is easily replaceable in its hidden velcro pouch . -LRB- Squeakers are not indestructible ; that 's why they include an extra . But the advantage here is that they are very secure , and ca n't be eaten . -RRB- You can even buy separate packages of squeakers if your dog is tough on plush toys . Or you can remove the squeaker if it drives you crazy ! ;--RRB- In the larger sizes you can replace the squeaker with a tennis ball for active dogs.Pay attention to the sizes listed
 These toys are among the best plush dog toys out there , and we 've tried several . I do n't think any are truly `` indestructible '' since there 's always a dog somewhere that will defy that claim , but these are well made and worth buying for the majority of dogs . Just be * sure * to buy the size that suits your dog ; do n't buy one too small that can be swallowed easily ! Dr. Noys ' toys are great in that they always include an extra squeaker in the pack , and the toy squeaker is easily replaceable in its hidden velcro pouch . -LRB- Squeakers are not indestructible ; that 's why they include an extra . But the advantage here is that they are very secure , and ca n't be eaten . -RRB- You can even buy separate packages of squeakers if your dog is tough on plush toys . Or you can remove the squeaker if it drives you crazy ! ; - -RRB- Pay attention to the sizes listed
 I have a pit/lab mix and usually nothing survives her . But this little guy has lost some fur but is still intact and the squeaker is still inside . This plush toy has lasted more than a week of constant chewing , pulling , and nipping -LRB- with her front teeth -RRB- . I 'm impressed especially since I 've bought more expensive toys that were listed somewhat indestructable . I have another one on order .
 My dachsunds love this toy . It is one of their favorite . It 's small but this seems to appeal tho them .
 omg my chi loves it so much she loves biting it and shaking her head around and pouncing on it it keeps her occupied and out of trouble def reccomend it
 My dog loves all the little kong toys . Their small , squeak , & are cute !! Best for little dogs because they are so small . Also , comes w / an extra squeaker .
 I was happily surprised because for the firs time my 4.2 lb chihuameranian got her jaws and claws on a 4 lb sized dog toy instead of larger sized stuffed animals . She went to town on this beaver dog squeak toy and a squeak duckie . Now if you are a buyer that expects plush materials in a squeak to for 3 or 4 buck you better rethink and open your wallet more . I just wondered how long this would last because I knew it would be hours or days of enjoyment before the kill . She had a blast squeaking this thing and shaking it like nuts for about a day before she fixated on getting the squeak out . She could n't open the velcro so so she made her own hole to get the squaker out , as it is thin material , to destroy the squeak gnawing off the whistle . She went though both squeakers in 2 days but still loves to haul the carcass around for me to throw for her . She must still love it because she 's got a boatload of other toys and she still gets this to throw and catch . Yes , both the beaver and duck are empty carcasses but she still carries em around . I got what I paid for and expected and am happy .
 These were purchased as Xmas gifts for a retirement community that allows pets . We have receaved several notes about how much the animals loved the new toys . Thanks
 This toy is well made . The little bichon I bought it for loves it and plays with it all the time .
 . I 've bought several of these brand of dog toys . My little chi just loves them . I love the idea it comes with an extra squicker ~
 I bought this for my beagle , whose greatest joy is `` de-stuffing '' his toys and removing the squeaker . This little beaver is still intact and a favorite of his and the squeaker still squeaks after about a month . And it comes with a spare squeaker which was nice . I was at first disappointed with how small it is , but he seems to be protective of it and really likes it .
 This thing is so cute and perfect for a small dog the only thing that throws me with this is from a distance it looks like dog poo . When i see it i usually have to do a double take . He loves it , he will chew on the body and i pull the tail and tug with it . Great lil toy for him
 This is n't a squirrel ? Its a beaver ... And my little man sure does love it !!! They are cheaper at petsmart and are usually on sale for around 3 bucks ... same with the duck and frog ect ...
 My Yorkie has made this her all time favorite . It 's small and fits her mouth perfectly . Squeaker works well . She always has this one with her . I bought a backup , in case it gets lost .
 I have a seven pound toy schnauzer . She honestly has over a hundred toys . -LRB- the Grandkids counted one day -RRB- For some reason this is one of her very favorite toys . Never figured out why but she just LOVES it . This is for a small size dog .
 Our Yorkie absolutely will not share when it comes to the KONG bever . It has well secured squeak ball within that allows for hours of shaking and tugging . It launders beautifully and a second one is sure to be on the order list when this one wears out . KONG is a brand name that I trust and always find satisfaction in the product .
 These are the best dog toys ever . No stuffing to pick up and last a long time with my two dogs .
 My little Pomeranian puppy loves this toy ! She insists we play fetch with it every day . It 's a fun interactive toy for any dog lover : -RRB-
 My little Pomeranian puppy loves this toy ! She insists we play fetch with it every day . It 's a fun interactive toy for any dog lover : -RRB-
 I have been a fan of Dr. Noy 's dog toys for over a year now . I have a 35 pound three year old Kelpie -LRB- an Australian breed made to herd sheep , crossed between an English Sheep Dog and a Black and Tan with a little wild Dingo thrown in -RRB- . She can decapitate the average dog toy in three days maximum , but the Dr. Noy 's toys are so well made they normally last many months - at least six . In addition , they usually come with extra `` squeekers '' so when Tilly chews them hard enough that she pops the `` squeek '' orifice out of the device , I can replace the squeeker by means of an easily openable velcroed closure to the internal cavity which the dog is unable to open . These toys are well worth the price because of their durability and quality . The design is also very well done and looks like an authentic squirrel which also makes them attractive to the dog .
 My dog loves his little beaver ! I was a bit worried when it came because it is small , but it fits his Italian Greyhound mouth perfectly and he squeaks it all the time . The extra squeaker is a great touch so the life of the toy is extended . This is also the first toy he has n't made bald by pulling out all the fur .
 Our new little toy poodle just loves carrying this little toy around with her -- just her size ! It is just a fun toy for her .
 I should have paid attention to the description just a bit more . This little guy fits in the palm of my hand and does not even extend to my fingers . Lucky for us , our Grand Dane Lola fell in love with it and is super gentle with it . We call it her baby baby . I would not get this for anything larger than a chiwawa .
 This is a nice small toy to carry around so your puppy can chew on it instead of your fingers . Our boxer pup loves this toy ... do n't know how well it will hold up when he is older , but it is perfect now .
 This little dog toy is just that , little . Good thing my dog is small . It 's still a nice toy and comes with an extra squeaker .
 My dog likes the toy , but it is small . The `` squeaker '' is kept inside by Velcro , and they come with an extra squeaker .
 These toys are among the best plush dog toys out there , and we 've tried several . I do n't think any are truly `` indestructible '' since there 's always a dog somewhere that will defy that claim , but these are well made and worth buying for the majority of dogs . Just be * sure * to buy the size that suits your dog ; do n't buy one too small that can be swallowed easily ! Dr. Noys ' toys are great in that they always include an extra squeaker in the pack , and the toy squeaker is easily replaceable in its hidden velcro pouch . -LRB- Squeakers are not indestructible ; that 's why they include an extra . But the advantage here is that they are very secure , and ca n't be eaten . -RRB- You can even buy separate packages of squeakers if your dog is tough on plush toys . Or you can remove the squeaker if it drives you crazy ! ;--RRB- In the larger sizes you can replace the squeaker with a tennis ball for active dogs.Pay attention to the sizes listed
 These toys are among the best plush dog toys out there , and we 've tried several . I do n't think any are truly `` indestructible '' since there 's always a dog somewhere that will defy that claim , but these are well made and worth buying for the majority of dogs . Just be * sure * to buy the size that suits your dog ; do n't buy one too small that can be swallowed easily ! Dr. Noys ' toys are great in that they always include an extra squeaker in the pack , and the toy squeaker is easily replaceable in its hidden velcro pouch . -LRB- Squeakers are not indestructible ; that 's why they include an extra . But the advantage here is that they are very secure , and ca n't be eaten . -RRB- You can even buy separate packages of squeakers if your dog is tough on plush toys . Or you can remove the squeaker if it drives you crazy ! ;--RRB- In the larger sizes you can replace the squeaker with a tennis ball for active dogs.Pay attention to the sizes listed
 These toys are among the best plush dog toys out there , and we 've tried several . I do n't think any are truly `` indestructible '' since there 's always a dog somewhere that will defy that claim , but these are well made and worth buying for the majority of dogs . Just be * sure * to buy the size that suits your dog ; do n't buy one too small that can be swallowed easily ! Dr. Noys ' toys are great in that they always include an extra squeaker in the pack , and the toy squeaker is easily replaceable in its hidden velcro pouch . -LRB- Squeakers are not indestructible ; that 's why they include an extra . But the advantage here is that they are very secure , and ca n't be eaten . -RRB- You can even buy separate packages of squeakers if your dog is tough on plush toys . Or you can remove the squeaker if it drives you crazy ! ;--RRB- In the larger sizes you can replace the squeaker with a tennis ball for active dogs.Pay attention to the sizes listed
 These toys are among the best plush dog toys out there , and we 've tried several . I do n't think any are truly `` indestructible '' since there 's always a dog somewhere that will defy that claim , but these are well made and worth buying for the majority of dogs . Just be * sure * to buy the size that suits your dog ; do n't buy one too small that can be swallowed easily ! Dr. Noys ' toys are great in that they always include an extra squeaker in the pack , and the toy squeaker is easily replaceable in its hidden velcro pouch . -LRB- Squeakers are not indestructible ; that 's why they include an extra . But the advantage here is that they are very secure , and ca n't be eaten . -RRB- You can even buy separate packages of squeakers if your dog is tough on plush toys . Or you can remove the squeaker if it drives you crazy ! ;--RRB- In the larger sizes you can replace the squeaker with a tennis ball for active dogs.Pay attention to the sizes listed
 These toys are among the best plush dog toys out there , and we 've tried several . I do n't think any are truly `` indestructible '' since there 's always a dog somewhere that will defy that claim , but these are well made and worth buying for the majority of dogs . Just be * sure * to buy the size that suits your dog ; do n't buy one too small that can be swallowed easily ! Dr. Noys ' toys are great in that they always include an extra squeaker in the pack , and the toy squeaker is easily replaceable in its hidden velcro pouch . -LRB- Squeakers are not indestructible ; that 's why they include an extra . But the advantage here is that they are very secure , and ca n't be eaten . -RRB- You can even buy separate packages of squeakers if your dog is tough on plush toys . Or you can remove the squeaker if it drives you crazy ! ;--RRB- In the larger sizes you can replace the squeaker with a tennis ball for active dogs.Pay attention to the sizes listed
 good toy.if your dog go crazy for squeakers dr noys toy are great.I leave the old sqeakers in the toy every time i put a new one in , its harder her him to find the one that is still sqeaking . he loves these toys
 I 'm keeping in mind that this is not advertised as a durable toy when I give it 4 stars . I 've purchased a few of these in different sizes for my dog and he loves them . However , he does enjoy tearing soft toys to bits and these just do n't last very long for him .
 This is great stuff . Our new puppy has pink skin on the top of her muzzle/nose , and of course she loves to lay out in the sun . Once I noticed the pink getting much pinker I started my search for sunscreen especially made for dogs and was happy to find the Doggles product . Now I just spray a little in my hand and then dab it onto her exposed skin areas and she 's good to go . -LRB- We do n't spray it directly on her face as we do n't want to mistakenly get any in her eyes . -RRB- She does n't mind at all , and it definitely keeps her from getting burned . We are very happy to have it .
 We used this on our English Bull Terrier at the beach . He tolerated it well , and showed no signs of burn .
 Ah , finally , a treat that JP , my dog loves . Wellness came out with a `` Pure Rewards '' beef jerky bits for dogs , and these all-natural , tender jerky treats are highly palatable , even to the most discriminating palate . Best of all , the ingredients are easy to understand -LRB- which is important -RRB- , and contain
 These are wonderful dog treats and are made in the USA instead of China !! I actually break them into smaller pieces and sprinkle over my dogs ' dry food . I have some very picky eaters , but all the picky-ness went out the window when we got these !!! I highly recommend them !!
 Real meat treats your dogs will love ! Dogs that are not motivated by treats even like these tasty nuggets . These small little treats are great for training rewards . Small enough to put a bunch in your pocket , and you can even break them up into smaller pieces for smaller dogs .
 It was larger than what i expected , but it fits nicely in my tank . Does n't look like the picture , it actually has more `` stems '' .
 This is a nice , streamlined clipper . It 's GREAT for touch-ups , but was n't powerful enough -LRB- with or without the cord -RRB- for bridle paths or fetlocks . It is quiet and did a wonderful job cleaning up the face and ears . My horse actually seemed to enjoy the trim from these clippers . I should have noticed the detail that it mentioned - `` touch ups . '' There are some inexpensive clippers out there that do state they will do bridle paths . I should have gone with one of those . Oh , and the packing was great . It even came with an extra blade ! The shape and small cutting edge makes it fit nicely in the hand and makes it easy to reach those small spaces.So , I recommend these clippers highly if you want a quiet , lower-power , inexpensive clipper with a great design.By the way , Stateline Tack took these clippers back at a local store , no questions asked . So ordering from Stateline is a no-risk proposition . I recommend them highly .
 Awesome toy for the small to medium sized bird -- what 's appealing about this toy is the different textures the bird will encounter as well as its design . It definitely provides a stimulating chew experience for any curious bird .
 I am always on the lookout for a fun theme for my fish . I like to keep changing their world -LRB- design -RRB- once a year . I will change their theme . This was my first choice . It is really great for smaller fish to be able to hide and have their own little home . Great buy , really liked the size , and the construction . No sharp edges , so no hurt fish !
 I love my aquariums but they can become really expensive really fast so I like to get good deals on whatever I can . This product is great and is actually made much better than some other brands that cost more . The way the product is packaged keeps all of the parts nice and snug so they are n't rattling and banging together during shipping . The construction is also sturdy , unlike a very flimsy version from a different company that I 've tried in the past . The slits in the are optimal for the waste particles to be `` funneled '' below the plates which is where you want it . Undergravel filtration is , in my opinion , the best way to keep your tanks healthy and I would recommend this product in any size .
 I got this for my mom-in-law for mother 's day and it is beautiful . She loves it , the birds love it and it looks great in her beautiful yard .
 My rats really love this food . The only problem is , they pick and choose what they want to eat . They would get a more balanced diet from a pellet form of food . They do eat most the food and like the dental crunch pieces . It is a little messy because it is seed based and the shells end up all over the bottom of the cage . We no longer use this food because of the lack of balance when the rats chose only their favorite parts .
 I have a 4 gallon cube aquarium , I 've had it for over 10 years , and am replacing the old - falling apart plants in it . This plant is a nice size for my cube , right height I wanted , I like to use diffrent height plants to make it look and feel more natrual for the fish . This plant is realistic looking & works great !
 These wonderful little toys not only satisfy my grown children 's cat 's fancy , but surprisingly , my parrot loves it as well.The cats love chewing and rolling it throughout the house and the little Lovebird adores it as well . It is light enough for the Lovebird to pick up and bring wherever she wishes and all critters simply love the sound of the bell within the puzzled maze of multicolored stars.It is a wonderful toy for our pets and keeping them happy and content for hours.Cat and bird lovers will enjoy their pet 's interaction with this product .
 I was so excited when I bought these thinking my cat would love them . However that was not the case . For some reason my cat was afraid of them . They bounced and jingled -LRB- a bell is inside the star -RRB- just like her other toys.I ended up giving them to a friend who has 2 cats . Both of her cats love them and go nuts for them ! I am giving this toy a rating of 4 based on the reaction from my friends cat !
 I had previously purchased two other brands of bottles
 We ended up with 5 orphan kittens from a feral cat . Their eyes were not even open and we ordered this set to feed them until they could eat on their own . We fed them canned milk , egg yolks -LRB- we have our own chickens -RRB- and vitamins . These bottles worked perfect for this formula . They are now 6 months old . We still have 2 of them . They are happy and healthy and terrorizing the neighborhood .
 We had a kitten dumped on our doorstep in a small box . Was not much over a week if that . Buying these was the best thing I did because she was so small . She 's alive and doing well .
 Purchased the Four Paws nurser kit - these are the bottles I always use while hand feeding my pups . Excellent bottles and nipples . Delivery was faster than I expected .
 These fake plants look better than most you can find at pet stores for twice the money . My only complaint with them is that they have the same problems as many fake aquarium plants . The stems of the plants tend to detach a bit too easily when putting them in your tank , so often when cleaning the tank , a stalk will come floating to the surface and has to be re-attached . That complaint I have had with most of the many fake plants I have purchased , no matter how much I have spent , so I would n't say this is a bad product , especially for the price range .
 The plant leafs are very red , more than it looked in the picture . A small piece fell off while I was rinsing it off but I was able to reattach it .
 For anyone who 's ever grown the real ones , you 'll appreciate these plants . Although plastic the color is nice and holds up just fine in the aquarium . Have received many compliments on the color of these plants in my tank . Highly recommend these .
 These fake plants look better than most you can find at pet stores for twice the money . My only complaint with them is that they have the same problems as many fake aquarium plants . The stems of the plants tend to detach a bit too easily when putting them in your tank , so often when cleaning the tank , a stalk will come floating to the surface and has to be re-attached . That complaint I have had with most of the many fake plants I have purchased , no matter how much I have spent , so I would n't say this is a bad product , especially for the price range .
 Looks Like real and absolutely compliments the aquarium colors . I love how such a small addition can make such a huge difference ! Recommended
 I ordered it because my dog had a leg wound in an unsual place which was making bandaging very difficult . This self-adhering bandage material is wonderful and this was a good price .
 Price was good for this little plant . I wish the plastic were a bit softer or less pointed , but doubt my fish will be injured by it .
 Looks Like real and absolutely compliments the aquarium colors . I love how such a small addition can make such a huge difference ! Recommended
 Ever since I installed my new 5-Inch Pink and White Hagen Vibrascaper Foxtail , my fish have stopped trying to escape .
 this is the same thing sold in pet stores for half the price . My dogs love them too ! One pill per ten pound of dogs
 Brewers yeast with garlic is great for your dog or cat . It helps keep fleas from being as bad as they could be . You would still need to treat the pet for fleas using some other method . Also , garlic is a homeopathic cure for internal parasites , namely worms . My dog was having recurring problems catching worms until I started giving her the Brewers yeast with garlic . She loves them too . Most dogs and cats love brewers yeast . If the pet does n't want to take the first one you can put it in their mouth . That 's usually all it takes to get them to like them . I 've had that experience with about 4 of the cats I 've had in the past . After the initial force feeding of the pill , my cats would almost fight each other over them and saw them as treats . : -RRB-
 Our dogs love to eat these as `` treats . '' They smell better and our yard is n't covered in burn spots anymore .
 My pets -LRB- German Shepherds , Chihuahua/Jack Russell mix and cats -RRB- love this . My cats think it 's a treat . It does help their coats , especially helps with flea bites . Some products do not keep the fleas off -LRB- Frontline -RRB- and one flea sets off my mixed breed to picking and scratching . as well as the one German Shepherd . I 've not seen this since I 've used this product .
 I 've got 6 of the softest , sleekest cats around . They love the taste of them , and come running when they hear the jar rattle .
 My dog was losing some hair on her back and over one eye . I had read online that this might help -LRB- but was skeptical since I was n't sure what was causing the hair loss , and the dog is over 10 years old -RRB- . She has been on it a week and already looks much better . She also LIKES THE TASTE which is huge ! As a puppy I tried another brand and had to coat it in peanut butter to get her to eat it . This one she gobbles up as it is , and we call it a `` treat '' for her ! I have also noticed that her appetite is better now .
 I have been using this product since I adopted my Chihuahua . When I got him his coat was dull and he shed non-stop . Now he has the most beautiful shine and everyone who sees us out walking comments on his coat . He still sheds but not as much . I do use a flea treatment for now since I know it takes a year of daily use for the brewer 's yeast to change his scent and basically make him invisible to ticks and fleas . I tried another brand and he refuses to eat it . I did n't like the smell of it myself so I do n't blame him . I will toss those 1000 tabs 'cause this is the real deal .
 My dogs LOVE these , and they seem to be looking much healthier with the coats . The garlic helps with the fleas too
 Some of you people need to read what the main purpose of this product is for . It 's not to protect your pet from fleas . That 's a supposed secondary effect . It 's supposed to help repel fleas , `` supposed to '' being the key phrase . The product is mainly to help with your pet 's coat and skin . If you have fleas , you need to get rid of them first , and then it may help to keep them off your pet . Do n't expect to have it get rid of the fleas your pet is already infested with . My dogs have used brewers yeast with garlic for years without a problem and have never had any fleas or ticks . But then again , I live in Arizona where there are n't a lot of plants , shrubs , or grass.Here 's a description of what this product is for : Brewers Yeast with GarlicA tasty , nutritious -LRB- 50 % natural protein -RRB- , and pure natural food supplement made for your cat or dog . Promotes a healthy , shiny coat , reduces shedding , and repairs damaged skin . It is rich in important and essential vitamins , minerals , and protein -LRB- essential building blocks of life -RRB- .
 I have been using these for many years . Cat has never had fleas . She loves them and thinks they are her daily kitty treat .
 It appears that my long-haired cat has stopped shedding , or is shedding so minimally that it is not even noticeable . I noticed a significant change within a week of adding crushed tablets to my cats ' food daily.Prior to this both my cats were producing 1-2 hairballs a day , & the tumbleweeds of cathair on my tile floor were everywhere . Both circumstances appear to have been alleviated . Props .
 Great product ! My cats eat them right up , it 's like a treat to them ! They are indoor/outdoor . Have n't noticed a flea or tick ... their coats are also silky soft !
 One of the few things I have bought that the ole hound seems to like the taste of ... now thats a switch . The jury is still out and after a few days there is no problem having my best bud take em . Time will tell and will update accordingly . From all the natural things I have seen . . garlic and for some reason that is no surprize . . I mean really . . who likes smelling garlic . . you really ca n't blame the bugs . . nobody I know likes to stay in a small area with a garlic eating thing ... so that may be the whole point . . apart from that . . on the yeast deal I have noticed my dog seems to like beer a lot more ... now when she hears a top pop she queues up for a swaller ... friend or foe . *** UPDATE *** 7/7/2012 After using this product for several weeks -LRB- after a good bath with Halo mixed with DeFlea -RRB- have n't seen more than one flea in a week.Prior to using this fleas have been a large problem to the point of distraction and even daily baths only held then off to the next day . Using this product has shown a marked improvement in control to the point of daily combing with a flea comb just to check and see has left me with the thought that this thing really works . My dog is rather small and only use 1 tablet daily broken in half at a time and to be honest I was astonished at the results . It seems that taken internally the tab exudes a scent that fleas would rather not be a part of with no noticeable odor on the dogs part to my human nose . All and all I highly reccomend this and as dogs have different metabolisms and what not it may not be a cure all for all dogs but it sure does work on my best pal .
 I bought this product to keep my dog free from parasites , fleas ticks etc.It seems to work quite well since he has not had any buggies on him all summer . Last month after a walk in the woods I came back and a tick fell on my lap , it did not stay on my boy , that is what I want . I live in the woods and bugs are a problem or should I say they were a problem.Giving this is not hard my dog loves them I do not have to crush them to give them I just have to shake the container and wherever he is he comes running.Because of this product I no longer need to use those awful drops you must put on their backs to repel bugs , this is a safer better way to keep your pets bug free.UPDATE : If your pet has any yeast infections going on stay away from this product . Some claim it helps with yeast but as I found out just recently yeast is yeast and all yeast may cause yeast infections in sensitive dogs . Like mine . I can no longer use this product , they claim on the label it hels with skin problems and since yeast causes skin problems I assumed this would hlep , It does not it makes it worse .
 I have a Lhasa and 2 Rotts . Since I 've been giving them these pills , their coats are much shinier and healthier . My Rotts are shedding less and my Lhasa is scratching less . It 's not a flea killer , just a repellent . So , if you 're dog has a lot of fleas you will need to use Advantix or something to get rid of them . Once you 've killed them , these pills really help to keep them away . My dogs coats are so healthy looking . My Lhasa 's hair is much silkier and finer and much easier to brush . One of my Rotts had a hot spot near her rump that she 'd always chew at . That spot is slowly disappearing and her hair is starting to grow back . I highly recommend this product .
 I bought this for my cats but was n't sure if they would like it and how I would get them to eat it but it 's like a treate to them . I did read that garlic is n't good for cats but that 's in large doses . As long as you give them small doses it 's fine . I have noticed that their coats are shinner and more lush . So I think something in it works !
 I bought the Brewer 's Yeast tablets about a month ago when I suffering from the worst flea infestation imaginable . I was vacuuming daily , using chemical treatments on my dog and pretty much everything else you can think of . In the end I do not know if it was due to these pills or a combination of things , either way , I am now flea free ! My dog loves these pills and takes them as treats . She is a pug and kind of picky , surprisingly enough , but loves them . You also get a ton of them , so it 's well worth the $ 8 or so investment . I even give them as little treats to other dogs that my friends and family bring over , and they love them too!Also , wonderful shipment from Amazon . I got my package in 2 days , when it was supposed to take 3 .
 This is a great supplement which my three dogs love . They eat it even without being mixed in the food because apparently it 's tasty for the dog 's palate .
 Products arrived just as described , I am a happy customer , and will order from them again . Arrived on time as well .
 I got this for the possibility of eradicating the itchiness my yellow lab seems to have -- with or without fleas . There has been a marked improvement in her coat - I still use Frontline during the flea season , but intend on using these tablets for both her and my german shepherd year-round . They seem to enjoy them , and both of them have minimal scratching now . AND their coats are just soft , shiny and beautiful !
 my dogs love these pills , they go crazy whenever they see me grab them . my dog 's coat has really improved so i 'm very pleased with the results .
 Our dog likes it very much . It is just a months and we noticed that the dog less scratching himself . Our dog is 100 pounds and I give him 6 tablets per day for now.This is great product fot your pet !
 My dogs absolutely love these . I ca n't say that they are doing much to assist in our flea issue , but they certainly must taste good because as soon as I touch the bottle all three of them are scrambling to get their daily dosage . I will purchase these again .
 I used Bewers Yeast to keep my daughter 's puppy flea free many years ago - I believe it is supposed to be thiamine in it that works - & ordered this as a gift for a friend whose pet Schnauzer was battling fleas & ticks in a rural setting . She says it seems to be working for about 2 months now . My research indicated the ticks do n't like the garlic so the combo seemed to be right & it was a very inexpensive experiment .
 It is kind of early to know but I think with so many cancers in dogs todaythis product is good insurance towards warding off health issues ahead of time.So far she hesitates the tabs but then she eats them all. ; -RRB-
 I started buying this last summer during the peak of flea season because it made my lab/boxer mix scratch her belly raw . Every since , I 've been giving it to her twice a day and it works great for keeping fleas off of her and for keeping her coat in excellent condition . Will continue buying this until they do n't sell any more .
 I have 4 dogs and 3 of them Love these pills . They will eat them from my hand or off the floor . one will just stare at me.I have noticed that my oldest -LRB- 11 year old , Golden Retriever + Kelpie mix -RRB- has had significant skin improvement . She is a lot happier . The other two have not changed much , but I still think its doing them some good .
 This is such a great buy and such a great price . I use this and flea drops and I never have a problem . My dog has no problem eating them right from my hand either .
 I love using this for my Vizsla for flea and tick prevention , but the price has gone up quite a bit since I last ordered it . It was $ 12 last time I ordered 1000 count , but now it 's over $ 17 ! That seems a bit outrageous .
 This is the second bottle I ordered and my dog likes it , so I 'd order another when this one runs out .
 Thes are great for your animals , we have a cat and they keep the fleas off of him and makes his coat very shiny . I highly recommend these for your pets .
 My cats had flea problems for the longest time and I could not get rid of them for at least 6 months . A friend told me about this product and so I bought it having high hopes . It worked beautifully . My cat 's coats are shiny and soft like I have never seen them before and I have n't seen a flea on them In a few weeks !! It could have been the change from frontline to advantage but whatever it is , it has kept them away . My cats are so happy and they eat the pills whole . They think they are treats and one of my cats normally wo n't even touch and sort of human food / meat.I definitely recommend this product . It is a great deal for that amount you pay and use it as the last kick to get the fleas away for good .
 I have a 1 year old female Scottish , she loves the taste of this.Her coats is shinier now and fuller now -LRB- taking it for about a month -RRB-
 It is helping , my dog is scratching less and is definitely shinier and softer but she still has a large patch of dandruff that we just can not get rid of on her lower back . I brush her regularly , I have done everything under the sun that I can think of to do but she wo n't stop biting at it and it wo n't stop flaking . This helps though , and we 've only been on it for a week or so maybe after more time we will get the full effect .
 Both my cat and dog love the tablets . I have to crush in the food for the cat . Both of them have stopped itching and they do not have any more fleas . I am extremely happy with this product price is great received item quickly .
 Wonderful product , keeps the fleas away ! If you are seeing fleas on your pet this is the product for you , starts working very quickly also very good for the coat as well .
 Awesome product . My dog was a little skeptical at first but now he gladly accepts them as treats , as well as the cat . My laborador has always had dandruff and because of his black hair it 's noticeable whenever he sheds . Since using these tablets I have not only noticed a significant decrease in his shedding but his dandruff is completely gone . This is an amazing product that will not only promote your pets best health but also save you hundreds each year on pest prevention .
 must taste yummy the dogs love it well see how it works for fleas . shipped quick . cost was cheaper then others products ive tried
 I have been using these for years and love the results . My dogs all love them and eat them like treats . I started getting them because my border collie would shed a ton of hair . Her hair would come out in clumps . After giving her these , she now hardly sheds at all , it has made such an improvement . Without them she starts shedding again . I do n't know whether they work with repelling fleas or not . We have n't had any but we do use Revolution and we spray the yard as well so I would n't know whether it works or not in that aspect . But the main purpose of it is for the skin and coat and it works great in that area . Garlic is harmful in large amounts but they use a very small amount of it in this so it should n't cause any harm . Again I 've been giving this to my dogs , ranging from 3lbs to 75lbs for years and have had no ill effects , only benefits . I highly recommend !!
 I found out these almost free pills gave my Miniature Schnauzer a beautiful coat . I started using these about 3 weeks ago and the dog 's skin is clear . THIS after blood tests , mail order dog food , cortizone shots , food supplements , you name it . DANG !
 I was delighted that my dogs love these tablets . At first I was afraid that I 'd have to grind them up in their food , but they consider it a treat . The cat is another issue . He was not enthusiastic about these and since I give him dry food , I may let him slide by this one .
 for those of you who do n't know ... this product is a help in keeping fleas and ticks off of your dogs and it does not make them smell . I received it on time and as expected .
 I 've been using these Brewer 's yeast with garlic tablets for several years on my dogs and cats for several years for protection against fleas and they work great !! Come to think of it , I 've never see a tick on them either . I love the fact that they are n't toxic like so many other topical and prescription products . The price on Amazon was very good since I was able to get free shipping . Ca n't beat it !
 But a great value for the 1000-countFix item . ` Size ' atop page reads ' 100-count ' yet Product DescriptionSize
 My cats and dogs love these . They seem to help with keeping fleas down , and we have lots of them here in South Texas . I keep them on hand always .
 We have been using this product for many years and feel it is of benefit to our dogs . We are pleased to buy the product through Amazon.con , as the price is better than I see in stores.All in all , we give a thumbs-up to the product and service .
 I bought this to avert fleas from my cat but I have no idea if it works . Frankly I think you need something much stronger and non-homeopathic . However , my cat LOVES these things as treats and they are supposed to be good for other things like her coat etc. . I would recommend for a supplement/treat .
 I will know for sure if my flea problem is gone after the warm weather arrives . My cats never go outside , they had fleas when I rescued them and one is still feral impossible to catch to put medication on her ...
 Both our cats and dogs love these ... fleas have dropped significantly and have shinier coats . They also work great for training rewards .
 cats coats are shiny and the dog and cats love the taste of it . I suggest pet owners to use this for their animals coats and to keep away fleas
 I have used these tablets on my 2 small Maltese dogs . It does help discourage fleas and they both have great looking coats.I have trouble getting this product on Maui , so Amazon is a great resource , with delivery right to the door & I save time and money . Also use `` Four Paws '' shampoo which workswell too .
 Within a week I could tell a difference in my pup 's scratching and withing 3 weeks , the difference was HUGE ! I had tried so many oils , shampoos , sprays , and none of them helped with her intense scratching . She loves these tablets and considers them a treat ; she comes running when she sees me get the bottle out ! I give these to my cat also and she loves them , too . I will never let myself be without this product and am so glad I found this on Amazon and gave it a try ! This has almost eliminated the scratching .
 Bought these for the dog and had no idea the cat would eat them too ! Great product and both their coats are very silky and softer !
 The animals take the pills with no problem . It was told to me that the brewers yeast would help get rid of fleas . It did n't we still have the fleas and the animals are very itchy . Eventhough it doesnt work like I was told it would I still think it is great . The cats coat is softer then it has ever been .
 Have n't noticed my pets are `` healthier '' or anything like that . I 'm actually using these tabs as a holistic form of flea treatment . Honestly , I think this stuff does help with fleas -LRB- along with regular baths , flea dips and flea tabs -RRB- . I have not seen anymore flea dirt on my animals and I think this product is partly to thank for that . Been feeding both cat and dog these pills for 2 weeks now and I have only seen a couple fleas on surface of fur -LRB- again , no flea dirt or fleas come out of flea combing -RRB- . Also as an added bonus , both cat and dog really love the taste of these things !! They just eat them up.In short , this product will make a great addition to any flea treatment plan ! Works in my opinion .
 I have been trying EVERYTHING this summer to try to rid my dog of fleas -- she came home from a week at the kennel with a nasty case , and we 've been fighting it ever since . I bought these tablets to see if it would make a difference ; I 've been giving her 2 a day -LRB- 15 lb Boston Terrier -RRB- for about the last 2 wks . I ca n't tell if it 's helping with fleas -LRB- I 'm doing so much other stuff that it could be one of those things rather than the pills -RRB- but I will say two things :1
 I am using this product now for over a year and I works great . My dog is a Labrador-mix and she was pretty infested last year , and frontline did n't work and nothing else I tried worked , so I gave it a shot , after I gave her Little City Dogs Flea Killer capsules -LRB- 57 mg Nitenpyram -RRB- to killed the fleas she had and after that I gave her 9 brewers yeast with garlic tablets every day -LRB- she is 90 lbs -RRB- and it worked magic . No fleas , and to my surprise not one tick she got here in Missouri . I am very happy and so is she : - -RRB-
 i got two dog ` s neither hade flea ` s all summer cause we keep giveing them garlic pills too them and till now and it ` s been getting cold out so i bought these pills and they keep the flea ` s alway from them for the longest time but now it ` s been comeing on to fall and the fleas are trying to find some place warm so i notice the target my one dog and now i am going to have to order some really good shampoo and spray for back up
 I have two Maltese dogs and was at my wits end when I found this product . The people behind me had brought in two puppies , covered with ticks , and promptly shared them with the entire neighborhood . Nocturnal visits by cats , plus several squirrels running around in my yard , brought in fleas , and I could NOT get rid of them . Maltese dogs have really long , thick hair and my poor little dogs were just miserable . I had to have all their hair cut off -LRB- which I usually do in the summer -RRB- in the early spring , while it was still very cold at night and in the morning . And I STILL could n't get rid of the fleas and ticks . My male dog is allergic to Advantix and Frontline did n't even slow the ticks down . So I was looking for some other kind of help when I found this product . I had heard some people say it worked and others said it did n't , but I decided it was worth a try and I 'm really glad I tried it . It does n't get rid of every flea or tick on my dogs , but , where I was finding a bunch of fleas and picking ticks off my dogs by the dozens , every day , I am now finding an occasional flea and maybe one or two ticks on my dogs every day . My little girl dog is a big eater and she loves to eat her pill . My finicky-eater boy has to have his crushed and dropped into his mouth . Once it 's there , he likes it pretty well and will go ahead and swallow it . Bottom line
 My cat loves these , I break them up and sprinkle them on her can of Fancy Feast in the evenings . She begs for it . And I 'm sure it keeps her healthy . She has never had fleas and it must be because of her Brewers Yeast treats .
 I 've been trying different methods to get rid of my dog of fleas . The pills work great , but only last 24 hours and the fleas are back . The collars work as well although for no more than 1-2 weeks vs. the advertised 4 months . I bit the bullet on this item since it 's cheap and I do n't have to worry about side effects . Sure enough after a week or so I no longer notice fleas on my dog . The garlic must have worked . I use these garlic pills along with the flea comb and now the daily combing is not yielding any more fleas . I 'm very happy with the garlic pills so far and my dog likes it just as much as her other treats .
 This stuff made my dog have gas , the potent kind . But the itching from allergies was substantially diminished , which is why I bought it . So I guess that was good for my dog , not for me . The trade-off is debatable .
 I was concerned mostly about having to force feed these down for my dachshund , but he actually loves them and thinks they 're treats . This along with VetriRepel spray and flea baths , he remains pretty flea-free . We see one or two fleas on him every now and then , but for the most part , having a generally flea-free dog in Florida without pesticides is a great feat . I love this product and will continue giving it to him until I stop noticing a scarcity of fleas .
 I bought this for my 10 year old dog and my 9 year old dog . The 10 year old coat looks like a lions mane and is more shinier and whiter ! He had lots of fleas unfortunately he still has a good amount . The 9 year old was balding and amazingly her hair is growing back ! I am going to buy more of these pills because their amazing ! my dogs eat them up -LRB- and they are picky dogs with foods -RRB- and the pills are so CHEAP !!
 This year we have had a severe flea problem and even frontline was n't working . On top of that , my dog is allergic to fleas . She had bald spots , her skin was dried out from all the chemical treatments I was using to get rid of the fleas and her coat was dull and thinning . I started her on these tablets -LRB- which she thinks are treats -RRB- combined with `` Vet 's Best Natural Flea + Tick Home Spray , '' -LRB- also bought on Amazon -RRB- last month and now her coat is shining , the fleas are very few and far between , her bald spots are gone , her skin is healthy and she is a very happy doggy .
 This product is Excellent for dogs and cats.If your dog scratches for no apparent reason use this product , the scratching will stop.I have an ancient cat -LRB- she is now 19years -RRB- last year she was frail and failing.I started giving her a half tablet within a monthshe was looking and feeling better.Now she looks and acts 5years younger !!!
 Please note that at the top of this page where you select the size , the `` 100 '' count for about $ 12 is actually the 1000 count . I have n't yet tried this with the cats , but my standard poodle immediately took to the tablets . She 's normally fussy about food and treats , so this was a real winner . The label suggests one tablet per 10 lbs . each day , so a 1000 count bottle will last quite some time . I 'll post again if Holly suddenly starts acting like she 's three months old , or if she grows a fifth leg . Actually , she is fairly young and in very good health , so I do n't know that I 'll actually see any areas of improvement , but brewers yeast has -LRB- afaik -RRB- long been considered a safe , effective supplement for humans and animals alike .
 I got these as a flea and tick preventative . For whatever reason , I have n't seen any fleas or ticks , and my dobe has much less dandruff.He tolerates them well , and they do n't make him sick as long as you slowly increase the level . Do n't just start out with the recommended dose . Slowly increase these until you get to the right amount.If your dog seem lethargic , stop them , as it is said that Garlic and Onions are toxic to dogs . There is no info on how much Garlic and Onions it takes.Lots of things are toxic to humans that we consume all the time . One thing , is alcohol . We sometime drink until we throw up the poison , or even die , However , alcohol in moderation is said to be good for you.Mark : -RRB-
 I purchased this product to use as flea prevention . We live in South Florida and the fleas are horrendous here ! Even the topical flex treatment is not enough . It will only work for about 2 weeks and/or the first bath and then it is no longer effective . My toy poodles only weigh 8 pounds and I do not want to apply the topical more than 1x a month due to toxic effects so I 'm hoping this natural supplement will be the answer . Please , oh-please ! I 've only had it for three days so far -- but I was so IMPRESSED that they both ate the pill right out of my hand all three days now ! Amazing ! There are many dog treats that they wo n't even eat -- so for them to readily eat this -- is quite impressive.I will report back on the effectiveness of the flea control once we 've had enough time for it to work in that area . If it is effective here in South Florida , this wiil be a miracle product !
 I have used this product for years with my two dogs and their coats are beautiful , not dry and falky .
 My dogs love these , and there are some brands they wo n't eat at all . They get excited every morning when I get these out to give them .
 My poor 2.5 year old dog -LRB- Rody -RRB- has been itchy since day one . I ca n't remember a day when his rear end did n't have bald spots . Yes , I changed his food to the good stuff and added fish oil to his dish which only helped a little bit . I 've also only used the best of shampoos and treats . Still remained the bald and bloody spots . To make things worse , I recently moved to a new neighborhood I 'll call flea-town . I 've spent hundreds on flea treatments for the yard , house , and dogs to no avail . I could literally comb off about thirty fleas three times a day from Rody . I got Trifexis for the flea problem -LRB- same active ingredient as Comfortis -RRB- . This worked for the most part , but there was still the occasional few fleas.I was skeptical when I got these yeast tablets because they 're so darned cheap , but there were plenty of rave reviews on them . I 'm glad I made the purchase . After about a week I saw results . Not a single flea -LRB- finally ! -RRB- . Rody 's fur grew back , his dandruff was gone , and he does n't whine from his itchiness anymore . It 's bloody magic.Granted the flea results were mixed with the use of Trifexis , but he was itchy before the fleas made an appearance . This made a huge difference and will be on my shelf from now on .
 I have used Brewers Yeast for years in my Chihuahua 's food and they havenever had a flea or tick !!! When I saw the supplement in tablet form withgarlic and Biotin I gave it a try . Neither one has had a flea or tick and their coats are shiny and soft . Will continue using it daily . I also like the1000-count , as I do n't have to order often .
 I always uyse this seller to purchase this item . This is an excellent product . Took abouy two months , but we now have a flea free aussie and chihuahua with very soft hair and smooth skin .
 I give this item with the flea away tabs , the dogs enjoy the pills , and they are giving daily . You have to get the dose built up in their system to get the full effect .
 I REALLY LIKE THIS PRODUCTS AS IT IS VERY GOOD VITAMINS FOR YOUR PET . KEEPS THE FLEAS AWAY . I HIGHLY RECOMMEND THIS PRODUCT TO ALL PET OWNERS .
 My dogs eat these without a problem ... even alone as a treat . I have n't noticed a complete removal of fleas but a reduction definitely . I am not a huge chemical fan so I will use borax or diamaceous earth for carpets , natural to pyrethrin based shampoos , and occasional IGR sprays when things get bad . I think this product does help reduce the biting on my dogs and will continue to use it .
 I bought these to see if it would help prevent fleas . It did n't really seem to , and the fleas returned until I reappliedBayer K9 Advantix II Teal 6-Month Flea & Tick Drops for Medium Dogs , 11-20 lbs . . However I did notice that her coat was much sleeker and she seemed to like the taste of the tablets . Flea protection or not I 'll keep using the tablets as it has seemingly improved my dog 's health .
 I asked would this work for Flea control . My vet said , `` No '' . My new Puppy shows no signs of fleas , and I pick her up and hold her lots . They relish these little tabs , and my bigger dog despised the topical flea treatment I used . My vet said that the topical treatment made my dog 's skin crawl , or more aptly , as if her skin was waking up . Like your feet , if they go to sleep . The larger dog shows no flea infestations , either . The dogs vote for the Brewer 's Yeast ; and their votes decide !
 I purchased this product after hearing that Brewers Yeast Tablets w / Garlic are good for fleas . I have been giving both my dog and my cat 1 tablet a day . They love these tablets ! Initially I was worried that they would not like the taste , or that they would refuse to eat the tablets . This was was definitely not the case . The product is well liked by them . Four Stars .
 I got these with free shipping and received them within 3 days . my dog really likes them , i got them because I heard that it helps keep fleas away , my dog is allergic to fleas so I hope this helps her !
 my little dog loves these pills , she has not had a fleas or ticks since I started her on these pills , it is my understanding that most people with show dogs use these pills , thank you amazon !
 My dog has all sorts of indoor and outdoor allergies . I even have him on allery shots weekly . The Brewers Yeast has helped to reduce his biting himself . I do see an improvement .
 Well . . 1 out of 3 of my cats will eat these . When they first arrived 2 of them would eat them . We ' v only had them for a little more then a week . The scratching on the one that eats them has ceased however he is n't the one with the skin allergies so I have to look for another product to try . . I did try several tricks to get them to eat them but they we 're on to me and simply ate around the tabs . . O well . .
 I have been struggling for years trying to find a good flea product . I started with frontline until I realized that I was giving my pets neurotoxins that have been proven to cause seizures , especially in cats -LRB- yikes -RRB- . Then I moved on to Program and Capstar . Program did n't seem to do all that much , and Capstar , yet again , another insecticide -LRB- yikes again -RRB- . I tried all kinds of all natural herbal sprays -LRB- did n't work worth a damn -RRB- and read about every possibility , until I came upon this brewer 's yeast and garlic idea . I knew that brewer 's yeast was good for the skin , but did n't realize that a healthy coat actually keeps fleas away . I did n't have high hopes since I had little luck with natural flea medicine in the past , but it was cheap so I thought I 'd give it a try . Well let me say , my dog and cat LOVED the pills and devoured them whole . My cat almost mauled me the first time I opened the bottle , which certainly beats shoving a capstar down her throat . Within a couple days , I already noticed a difference in my dog . He has flea dermititis and previously had little red bumps all over his stomach and a bald scabbed patch of skin at the base of his tail . Literally within two or three days the red bumps were gone and the patch of hair started growing back . They 've been taking them daily for a couple weeks now and no more fleas . Have n't seen one since they started taking it . I was slightly concerned about the garlic content since I know that onion and garlic are not good for animals . However , I did more research and discovered that the studies conducted that discovered garlic to cause anemia in dogs used EXTREMELY high quantities of garlic , 60 GRAMS a day ! I emailed the company with my concern , and they responded within a couple days saying that their tabs contain 1.9 MILLIGRAMS of garlic per tab . That 's nothing compared to this study . This small amount is perfectly safe . So the product is inexpensive -LRB- yay -RRB- , safe -LRB- double yay -RRB- and effective -LRB- triple yay !! -RRB- My flea problems are solved .
 These are great for my two mixed breed dogs . It helps keep the skin and coat looking clean and shiny and helps with itching related to allergies , etc. . This one is much better than the other brand on Amazon because the serving size of the other one -LRB- with husky on front -RRB- is twice as many tablets so it essentially twice as expensive . Read the labels and shop smarter not harder .
 I 'll admit , I was sceptical . I share a home with two of the most finicky cats around . They hate cat treats , wo n't eat fresh meats , not even fish ! But our flea issue came to a head and based on reviews I 'd read , I tried this product . It is n't that expensive and other reviewers said their cats ' were eating them so I figured , no harm , no foul . I could always pass them along to a friend.Well , WOW ! Both cats ate them right up . I can not believe it ! I 'm thrilled ! I want to give them more just to see them eat them -LRB- tho that is against the recommended tab per lbs , per day , per animal -RRB- This also is the very first item I 've ever reviewed on Amazon . That is how amazed and happy I am!If you have finicky cats , give this a try ! The price is right and well worth the risk ! FIVE BIG STARS FROM MY CATS TO YOURS !!!
 I 've no idea if this really repels ticks and fleas as I also started my cats onVet 's Best Natural Flea + Tick Home Spray , 32 ozat the same time so ca n't tell if these are effective by themselves.However , my cats LOVE them . I shake the bottle and they come running . So they 're a popular `` treat '' that I feel good giving them as they 're quite nutritious .
 We have a nine year old cat who is unpredictably picky . She loves Friskies , hates organic dry food , will eat beef liver but not beef and likes tuna , but only the water . Whiskas cat treats ? Yes . Pork loin ? Yum . Bacon ? No . It 's a crap -LRB- cat ? -RRB- shoot.I got these brewer 's yeast -LRB- with garlic -RRB- pills to give to my dog for fleas and , although the cat has gotten a few fleas living with our puppy , I assumed she would not eat these at all , whether ground into her food or given alone . When we gotSolid Gold Seameal Mineral and Vitamin Supplement for Horses , Dogs , and Cats -LRB- 1 pound -RRB- which tastes like the sea and the fish in it , she would n't eat that , either.The dog eats Seameal . And peanut butter . And everything we own , so first I fed the dog the brewer 's yeast pills and she ate five of them easily , no surprise -LRB- the label says to give one per ten pounds of body weight -RRB- . When I held one out to the cat she started trembling with joy and ate it whole . I mean trembling , like too crazily enchanted to even meow . It was very weird . Then she ate a second one -LRB- I did n't think two would hurt even though she is 10lb -RRB- . After she vomited a hairball later I gave her another pill and again she swallowed it whole . This is a cat who wants her Friskies in little chunks in gravy and her human food treats , like meat , cut into itty-bitty slivers . I wanted to write this review because I am shocked we can feed her these , or that she just swallows them.Not only should the pills repel fleas , but they also have a good range of vitamins and 37 % crude protein , which is three times what their food has , dry or wet . As you know , cats need more protein than dogs so I am thrilled that our cat likes these pills . If you are considering getting this but your cat is choosy like ours , seriously go ahead and try it . Since we are giving the pets flea meds I probably wo n't be able to judge the pills ' effectiveness in that regard . However , they are definitely a good supplement and very affordable . Amen .
 We give our dogs brewer 's yeast at each meal . We had switched them to an all natural flea and tick product because I was tired of dumping poison on them . I read that brewer 's yeast is also good for repelling fleas , so I added that to their meals as a supplement to the all natural product . We are on our second month and so far , so good . It 's less expensive than the old treatment !
 I ca n't believe I have gone this long without these tablets being a part of my pets ' lives!I have two cats and a dog -LRB- a really picky dog -RRB- . They all LOVE these . If I say `` treats '' they know they will be getting their yeast tablets.Other than the cute stuff , within two days I noticed my dog 's fur was ridiculously soft . He normally has a semi-wiry coat and very sensitive skin.My cats already had soft fur but they suddenly have even more luxurious coats!I was expecting a good product but I must say I am pretty blown away by how much a little yeast tablet can do . Not to mention the affordability . I will continue to buy these !
 When we got Trapito -LRB- my male Ragdoll cat -RRB- hi was 5 month old . His coat felt a little rough to the touch . I had a botlle of Brewers Yeast in my stuff for another cat and in a few weeks he felt very different ! More soft and a little longer hair ! We got Mia -LRB- my female Ragdoll cat -RRB- when she was a year and a half old -LRB- 6 months ago -RRB- and the same
 I do n't often review products , but I had to for this . Our dog is 18 and for years we 've been able to use the standard flea products -LRB- like K-9 Advantix and Frontline -RRB- and control any flea issues . This year , however , both of those did nothing . Our dog was constantly itching and we were giving him weekly baths to help him and washing all his bedding every week . We were vacuuming the carpet like crazy , used salt on the carpet , boric acid , sprays , just about anything . We began using Capstar a couple of months back after his baths to give him an extra day or two of rest , but when it wore off they were back and he needed a bath . Keep in mind , this is an indoor dog that has never had these issues ... . even when we lived in Texas for 5 years he would be outside during the day on the patio and the regular products helped him be flea free.So when I saw this , I was skeptical but thought to themself it was worth a try for the $ 6 . The bottle says 1 pill per day for every 10lbs and my dog is 21 lbs , so we give him two in the morning and one at night with his meals . We crush up the pills in his food and mix it completely in to make sure that it is all eaten . I am happy to say that after two weeks , I noticed he was not itching and sleeping and acting normal . During his bath today , we noticed no fleas on him -LRB- and we had waited an extra week to see how the product was working -RRB- . I am astounded and relieved and I 'm hoping we can go back to our normal routine with him . I have n't noticed any changes in his coat yet , but if it does improve like some others have said that will just be an added bonus . This stuff really worked for us and solved a problem we 've had for 7 months .
 We use this product everyday for our dog and 2 cats . Heard about brewers yeast 40 years ago at a dog training class . We have never had an issue with flee 's since .
 Who knows ... My cat loves them as treats , and they 're good as a nutritional supplement . Do they help with fleas ? That 's hard to say . This year was the worst in recent memory & I do n't use only these . I 'll keep giving them to her as a supplement , regardless .
 I am using this for my dog . She loves it and eats it like dog biscuits . I do not know if it helps .
 my dog loves theese and makes sure to remind me if i forget to give them to him . Helps his coat helps my lawn .
 My Kitty thinks these are treats ! He loves them . He seams to have more energy and does n't get sick as often . The only downside is it makes his output really really stinky .
 My dog loves them as a treat . She goes crazy when opening bottle to give her some and starts performing all her tricks to get some asap !
 These items was SUPPER CHEAP , and worked GREAT . I had checked around before ordering , could n't bet the PRICE and it arrived on time !!!
 The bottle arrived today and I immediately opened it . Naturally both dogs were sure what EVER it was , was for them . This time they were correct.My main goal today was to see if they would EAT one . My little female -LRB- MiniPoodle mix -RRB- is VERY fussy , sniffs and tastes everything before she agrees to chew it . She gobbled the tablet right down . That was the signal for the male -LRB- MiniPoodle -RRB- that it 's good stuff , so he too snarfed it down.We have passed the taste test and I will use these as `` treats '' ... now if they work -- I will be thrilled and delighted . I have high hopes as everyone I have talked with says they do ... and I REFUSE to use another flea chemical product of any kind on my `` kids '' ... as I truly believe the `` spot-on '' type drops were the single contributing factor to the beginning symptoms of seizures!Here 's hoping !
 I have 3 cats and let me say that at first they were all kinda worried about these pills . They seemed to play with them at first but when I hand fed them they licked them up and assumed they were snacks ... EXCEPT one of my cats -LRB- the hard headed boy -RRB- who wont even eat them-He 'll lick it but not eat it ... So does this product work ? I have to say after about 2 weeks or so I have seen better coats on my cats and somehow there digestive system seems better or it could be my imagination . I throughly feel this product is great and the price is amazing .
 I have 2 pugs and a Jack Russell . We live in Florida and every summer prior to starting Four Paws Brewers Yeast , it 's been a few $ $ $ trips to the vet because of allergies , hot spots , etc. . Started in February and NO insane scratch till bleeds sessions or vet visits . I dose 1 tablet per 10 lbs . I 'm convinced it 's like Apple Products , it just works !
 My dogs love these!My dogs are still alive so these are n't killing them anyway.I havent had fleas or ticks this year although I have vineyards on my property that do get sprayed with a copper anti fungal solution which could help ward those buggers off.My dogs eat healthy anyway so it 's hard to say just what impact these tablets have on their coats , nails , or general health . Either way I can drop one in their food bowl or they will eat it out of my hand.The ingredients , Brewers years and garlic , and both recognized as generally healthy and again , I have not noticed any adverse effects exhibited by my dogs after feeding these.I feed one a day to my 65lb lab , and my 85lb mix breed.My two bostons get 1/4 tablet each per day .
 So my pup has fleas and she was chewing on her skin near her butt . After giving her the pills the fleas went away and he skin cleared up . I was a little apprehensive giving her garlic pills but it worked .
 My cats LOVE these things . I also notice that it has made their coats nice and shiny . We shake the bottle and the cats come running .
 Have not seen the flee problem vanish yet but from other comments thats normal but my dogs and cats fur have been alot shiner . on a very positive note My kitten had a eye problem that I could not get rid of and this product some how got rid of that eye problem i was worried becasue she has beautiful blue eyes but a week after taking this product her eyes cleared up . Im not sure whats all in it but its an overall good pill and I like the price for 1000 pill for the the fact I have 3 dogs and 2 cats and they can all take same pill . and they all swallow it like candy even the cats . thank you for amazing product hopefully the flea problem gets better
 This was a great deal . Good price & my dogs love them . I 've noticed much less -LRB- almost none -RRB- scratching & itching since I 've been giving it to my shepards Their coats have improved & the shedding is minimual . Shepards typically shed really heavy twice a year . This product improved that & the seller shipped it out very fast . I will be buying again & my neighbors have even asked me to get them some when I reorder
 It took a little longer than I would have liked to receive the product . However , this item could not pe purchased anywhere locally , so I was happy to get it ...
 I 'd tried various pro-biotics for my cat 's irritible bowel . Plus treatments from the vet . I also tried slippery elm and powdered bentonite clay . Some of the treatments would offer some mild relief for a short time but her stools were anywhere from cow-patty to liquid about 90 % of the time . She was very gassy and sometimes uncomfortable.This product also has clay and pro-biotics , but I think maybe it 's in a better balance of ingredients , plus it has pectin in it.The syringe is calibrated but is a little stiff for me to portion out her 1ml dose so I squirted a small bit in a smaller syringe to dole out to her . -LRB- I just had better control with a smaller syringe . -RRB- After the first dose she felt better and her frequent stools lessened . She was n't so gassy.By the second dose her runs had stopped . Later the second day she had an almost normal stool . VERY uncommon for her.She used it every 8 hours for the first couple of days and now uses it once a day . She 's been on it for about two weeks and she 's still doing good . I may wean her off of it slowly but I do n't see any harm on keeping her on a daily dose . We 'll see . I do n't want to rock the boat.For months , literally , she 'd pause and squat like she had to go and would make only a drop or two -LRB- maybe -RRB- , many times a day . I was afaid that even with a normal stool that she 'd still have this habit since she did it SO often . Well , that 's STOPPED and she 's happily back in the box because she does n't have the irritation and urgent feeling.I will keep this product on hand . I 'm very very happy with the results and my cat definately is too.Edit
 My 10 yr . old schnauzer has suffered with loose , runny stools , sometimes bloody , for several years now . I almost lost him earlier this year when it was so bad that he was on IV 's for 2 days . Part of his recovery was due to Pro-Pectalin ... a remarkable product . I now give Pro-Pectalin as a daily maintenance dose of 1cc-2cc which keeps his intestinal tract healthy and stools normal . It 's much cheaper than trips to the Vet . It 's the only medication that I can easily get down my dog ... he actually likes the taste . I only wish they made other meds available in this injection style . Price is great and shipping is quick . Do n't know what I 'd do without Pro-Pectalin .
 I have a Boykin Spaniel who loves to eat whatever she plays with outside , sticks , pine cones etc. . . She ends up with nausea and vomiting as a result with occasional loose stools . This product works very well in settling her stomach and is easy to use if you do the following . Instead of trying to put the syringe in your dog 's mouth , try squirting the paste onto your finger and then insert your finger into the roof of your dog 's mouth . This is much less stressful for our dog . The product is great if you are dealing with a simple case of upset stomach !
 My husband and I rescued a little cat from the local kill pound . They did n't tell us that she had chronic diarrhea , intestinal worms , a tape worm and an upper chest infection . We would have taken her anyway knowing all of this but we could have gotten her better a lot quicker had we been told . After several weeks of antibiotics and still no end to the diarrhea I looked online for else apart from antibiotics and came across Pro-Pectalin gel and decided to try it . The result was astonishing ... 3 days later Lucy had normal stools and has done ever since.Thank you for this amazing product .
 After several days of excessive heat warnings -LRB- 111 degrees plus -RRB- An active 8 months old English Bulldog came down with a case of loose stools . He lapped up tons of fresh cold water , however , the heat was a bit much during his morning outings on Nu-Turf . Tried restricting outdoor activity , the pumpkin and Pepto Bismo stuff with little success . Ordered Pro-Pectalin Anti-Diarrheal Gel and gave him a 5cc shot -LRB- 60 # -RRB- - he loved it , plus it worked . Based on the initial results , an order was placed for a supply of Pro-Pectalin Anti-Diarrheal Tablets .
 Our dog has Irritable Bowel Disease , which , while under control , flares up if he finds and devours an something he should not eat . We call Pro-Pectalin `` Magic Goo '' because it really helps put our dog on the road to recovery . It is easy to administer - and he loves the taste ! Vet Solutions ' price and prompt shipping makes it easy for us to keep this dog `` essential '' on hand .
 I have been using this product for my 14 yr old Yorkie who gets stomach and bowel upsets frequently.I just squirt it into the corner of her mouth and within a few hrs , she 's eating again . . most of the time . She likes the taste of it but if she 's really sick , I have to force it down because she does n't want to eat anything . It coats the lining of their intestines and really settles them down .
 This is a good product to keep on hand if you do n't need to buy large quantities.I keep on hand refrigerated for the times if my pets need this ... very easy to mix with food rather than trying to administer a tablet form .
 I tried this product because my Chihuahuas always seem to have sensitive stomachs , heard about this and I was amazed how quickly it works ... Love it
 Even though the texture of this product is different , my rescue kitties did n't seem to mind it at all . It works fast and made a ` day vs. night ' difference !
 Cheaper than a visit to the vet and does the job it 's intended for . This also comes in a pill with a longer shelf life . I have a dog with a sensitive stomach and this has really helped when she has had digestion problems . It 's worth every cent .
 I wish there was a way for my picky cat to like this ! One cat with IBD has no issues with the taste , the picky one wont even let me get near her with it.It does work though ! It helped with the runny poo in about 12 hours and it helped for a few weeks before having to give it to him again .
 This might be premature but this stuff gets results -- at least with our dog . Two days ago our puppy started experiencing runny stools . He acted and ate normally but the after the second runny stool I became concerned . I had previously bought this stuff for our cat who has a sensitive stomach and a bad habit of eating any vaguely food related item she can find . But it says for `` cats and dogs '' on the side so I gave him 3CC that night and another dose in the morning . All day today he 's been going normally , no more diarrhea .
 This stuff really works . My vet recommended it . Producvt was sent quickly and my dog even liked the way it tasted .
 This is a just `` ok '' product . I do n't care for the injection thing as you ca n't be precise about the amount and once you `` click '' it you ca n't go back . It did seem to work well for my cat however .
 Much easier to use than pink Pepto Bismol or breaking an Imodium pill . This is dispensed as a liquid , with directions on it on how much to use by weight , how often , and has gradients on the plunger . Works great , is liked/licked/injected into the mouth and is easy to dispense accurately . Great to add to a pet first-aid kit , too . `` Be Prepared ! '' Highly recommended !! Use only as directed , and check with your vet and breed for compatibility and safety .
 I keep this on hand at ALL TIMES . This stuff works , PERIOD ! My vet 's office sells it for 2x the price on here . Be patient , it will clear up your cat 's loose stools but takes a few applications ! My cat responds rather quickly on this though - usually only after the 2 or 3rd dose . It 's natural and will clear up the problem without the use of dangerous drugs . Purchase with confidence . BTW , the shipping time from Entirely Pets is probably tied with amazon 's it 's so quick . Considering it came from CA , I was blown away with the shipping time.THANKS FOR THIS PRODUCT !
 Received as promised . Ordered for our cat . It did help with the `` loosies '' but did n't completely resolve her problem -LRB- antibiotic induced -RRB- Got a different vet who changed her food . Flawless transaction .
 I foster kittens and cats and purchased Vet Solutions Pro-Pectalin Anti-Diarrheal Gel for Dogs & Cats when one of my litters was struggling particularly hard to get over diarrhea . After de-worming the cats and ruling out more serious issues , we tried Purina Forti-flora which works well , but is expensive and comes in packets that are a little tougher to evenly dose when dealing with a big litter of cats that share food bowls . I decided to try Pro-Pectalin because I figured it would be easier to dose the cats -LRB- giving each one individually just enough , rather than sprinkling it in community food bowls , as I was having to do with Forti-flora -RRB- and I had read that it is quite effective in cats . The dosing worked beautifully , and the kittens and their mom responded very well to it . Within a few days they had much firmer stools and were doing pretty solid business by the time I needed to return them to the shelter for adoption.As an added bonus , the first group of cats I used this with enjoyed the flavor , so dosing them was very easy . I have since encountered other cats who are not fond of the flavor but , because of the thick consistency of the product , it is still relatively easy to dose these cats . Instead of letting them lick the Pro-Pectalin off of a dish , it 's thick enough to quickly dab on the roof of their mouths , where they are forced to lick and swallow it . In an extreme case -LRB- the cat was really struggling and I was concerned she might bite me if I put my finger in her mouth -RRB- , I rubbed it on the top of the cat 's paw and she immediately began grooming and licked it off , so that was not ideal but worked because of the product 's consistency.Recently we also used Pro-Pectalin to help a cat who was having some digestive problems , vomiting up to twice per day accompanied by diarrhea . After about a week 's worth of use , her diarrhea was subsiding and even her vomiting reduced to once per day , then every second or third day . She also began to finally put on healthy weight after weeks of being unable to gain much weight.Of course , you should -LRB- as we do -RRB- always have any issues of concern checked out by a vet for serious or underlying conditions . But when dealing with persistent diarrhea in a cat for whom serious issues -LRB- including worms or infection -RRB- have been ruled out , this product , especially when used consistently over a period of time , works very , very well .
 my daughter paid twice as much at the vets for the same thing . had to change the cats name from shitty bitty to little bitty
 Shipped very fast and WORKED ! It took my kitten about 3 days and I gave it to her once a day for two weeks after that . Nothing else worked for her diarrhea . Highly recommend .
 Pro-Pectalin Gel works awesome . My boston terrier has had a couple really bad boughts with diarhea lately and this stuff has been a miracle . It firmed things up the first day I gave it to him and the next day it was much better . I ordered this after buying it from the Vet 's office and paid $ 27.99 . I saved $ 13.73 by buying through Amazon.com . I have also ordered the Pro-Pectalin in the pill form . They are huge chewable pills and they work just the same although my dog does n't like to chew them , I have to hide them in food . My dog is picky though , he only likes certain treats .
 My cat suffered from chronic diarrhea for months . Changing the food did n't help . Probiotic supplements did n't help . Adding fiber did n't seem to help . It was awful especially being that he stopped using the box . I was going through a forest 's worth of paper towels cleaning up after him . Pro-Pectalin * did * make a difference and really helped improve his quality of life for out last few months together .
 Both my dogs -LRB- rotties -RRB- were recently treated for Giardia . The antibiotic I gave them for 2 weeks cleared up the illness but wrecked their stomachs . This plus a chicken & rice diet got them back to normal in no time . Great stuff .
 I keep this on hand for those times when one of my doggies eats something she should n't and gets the runs . Takes only a couple of dosses for the runs to stop . And they do love the taste .
 This is something I always have on-hand for my dogs , just in case . Works quickly . Found out about it when my previos vet sold it to me .
 When my cat gets diarrhea , i give him this , and it works well . I find the easiest way to administer is to put it on the tip of my finger , open his mouth , and place it on the roof of his mouth .
 Worked fast , and very well ! Would always use this product . Fast shipping was nice too!If not on sale , a little pricey , but so well worth it !
 My dogs love this toothpaste . They try to lick it off the toothbrush while brushing their teeth , so I have to work fast . However , the primary reason why I gave this product 5 stars is because it contains NO poultry digest like many other dog toothpastes since my dogs are both allergic to chicken protein .
 The Four Paws 4oz bottle saves me a lot of time when feeding a litter of kittens , I 'm very glad to have it on hand . The nipple is a good shape and size for young kittens , though I 've only tried it with ones about 4-weeks old . It may be useful with younger kittens as well , but the large 30cc graduations on the bottle may make it hard to accurately measure formula consumption when they are taking less than 5cc per feeding . The bottle/brush kit I ordered came with three nipples .
 This is an excellent nurser for kittens . The size is perfect for nursing a litter of 3 or more as there is no time lost refilling the smaller bottles . The nipple is shaped for little mouths and is much better suited than the other brands . I would only ask that they include 3 or 4 extra nipples with the set in addition to the one on the bottle . I foster for an animal shelter and do n't like sharing nipples between litters . This would be a great help .
 my baby kitten drinks her milk in this bottle , she sometimes bites it but it gets the milk in her . its cool she sometmes holds it .
 We bought this product because our dog herniated a disk in her back and is n't allowed to jump up on the couch or bed anymore . It is a little laborious to put on , but once we got it on , it worked great ! My dog is a 20 lb . Beagle , so we really had to size it down , but once we cut off the excess straps , it worked great ! Fortunately , my Beagle is not a chewer , otherwise she 'd chew right through the thin straps . My lab/shepherd mix would never be able to wear it . She would chew through it within seconds if we used it on her . Thankfully we do n't have to . I would recommend it for smaller , non-chewing dogs .
 Ever since I installed my new Baby Blue Five Inch Hagen Vibrascaper Hornwort , my fish have stopped trying to escape .
 My rats love these houses , I have a few that push the other ones out to get in .
 my puppy loves it she actually begs for it . i will be brushing my teeth and she sits all pretty and stares at me . if i ignore her she puts her front paws on the counter and puts her nose up to the ledge and tries to see where her toothpaste is .
 Before bringing home my baby puppy I read that good dental care can add years to their lives , so I knew we would make her teeth a top priority from the beginning . We tried a lot of products , but now this is the only toothpaste she uses . She loves the vanilla flavor , it smells good , and it is a good consistency that comes easily out of the tube . She also gets praise at the vet 's office for her beautiful teeth , so it is worth it !
 We have two Bassett Hounds who get their teeth brushed every night . They seem to enjoy the taste which makes the process a lot easier , does n't take much paste on the toothbrush so one tube lasts quite a while . Highly recommended !
 It cleans my dogs teeth.It does n't make her breath smell like meat.She tried to eat it , so I am pretty sure that means she likes it.Not sure what else you could ask for in dog toothpaste . .
 I love this toothpaste for my 10 year old Schipperke . She loves the taste and lets me brush for as long as I want and her breath is greatly improved . The price here on Amazon is sooo much cheaper than the pet store . I 'll be getting this product here everytime .
 My toy poodle had been using this for more than a year and he loves it . We recently went to Banfield hospital for his annual teeth cleaning and they had to postponed it because the doctor said his teeth was still clean . But the problem is , both petsmart and petco discountinued the product so we have to get it online . My dog do n't like nylabone or the arm and hammer product because it has a weird beef smell .
 I really like this toothpaste for my greyhounds , and I would like it if you got the peanut butter flavor back that I first tried .
 We have a 1 1/2 Year old Golden Retriever/Border Collie and from the day we rescued her from a drug home we started to see if she would deal with us brushing her teeth . She loved it and still does . I had a very hard time finding the same toothpaste that we had bought the very first time and I had tried 3 different kinds and she refused to brush her teeth . Did some research and ended up finding out that you stock it . We purchased 3 bottles and now Bailey our puppy is back to brushing her teeth on a daily basis . She has been through sooooo much and we just do n't want her to get bad teeth and if she is willing to have us brush her teeth than we are going to continue as long as we can get the correct toothpaste . She is alittle picky . Thank you
 My 3 dogs get their teeth brushed every night before bed . This is our favorite toothpaste . I do n't want their breath smelling like chicken , beef , or liver . I prefer the slightly minty scent of Pet Dental . It 's always hard to locate in stores , so I 've resorted to stocking up on Amazon ! Toothpaste ships very quickly and great price !
 This is the only toothpaste I 've used on my cats . It 's not poultry or beef , etc , flavored , but my cats still tolerate it just fine . They do n't try to eat it or lick it , but that does n't matter to me . What does is that it 's a good product that keeps their teeth clean from their nightly brushings . My vet says their teeth look great , so I 'm sticking with Four Paws !
 I have a 8.5 lb Morkie -LRB- pic posted -RRB- and these worked perfectly for her . They seem quite comfortable and stay on very well .
 Both my Bichon 's have them . My female has the pink and rubs them off if she can . Not only do they look adorable , they protect dog 's eyes from wind and particles while driving with windows open . I had that happen prior and the vet bill was over $ 200 and my dogs sight could have been affected ... but I got him to the vet in time . Great product .
 like these ... my little dog is getting use to them ... at first she would try to take them off ... but once I got them adjusted she wore them for awhile ...
 My little Pom sticks her head right in theses goggles . They work great and look super cute too . Wish they had more colors .
 This is a great product . My little Chihuahua love to hang her head out of the passengers window . I was always worried sand , pebbles or something larger would take her eyes out . She always had runny eyes after a drive . Now with the doggles her eyes no longer run and they are pertected from dust and other pollutions . She loves them but as soon as we stop she takes them off herself .
 I 'm IN LOVE with this product!I have a 7lb Shorkie -LRB- shihtzu/yorkie mix -RRB- and these are perfect for her.She loves sticking her face out of the window of the car and I ordered these for more as a safety precaution rather than a fashion item , but they 've turned out to be both!They not only look adorable , the adjustable straps are very lightweight and seem comfortable.She got used to them very quick and does n't seem uncomfortable wearing them at all.The bridge is wide and gently sits on her tiny nose so it does n't bother her a bit.I will definitely be getting another pair when these get either get lost or ruined.Definitely worth it for the price and for the safety of my lovely little girl !
 We have a small YorkiePoo approx 9lbs and these fit perfectly , easy to adjust and no problem getting her to wear them . I was a little concerned we might need the small from the description , but went with the XS thinking I would rather they fit too tight than loose . These were exactly right , and the color is perfect . She was a was n't too sure about wearing them at first but once we were on the bike no problems .
 My Sadie loves to ride with the windows down and her face in the wind . These cute doggles protect her eyes from the wind and sun . And she looks so cute in them . I see other drivers and passengers smiling when they see her . Bringing a smile is always a good thing .
 Ridiculously cute on my chihuahua . So long as she is kept occupied , she wo n't take them off - but the second you leave her to her own devices , these are coming off ! : pAdorably silly , I probably should have spent the money elsewhere , but do n't regret the purchase .
 I am in love with these ! At first I thought my dog would n't wear them , but she did n't mind them at all . Once i put them on her she looked around because they were funny to her . She tried pushing them off once , but I told her no and she left them alone . I have a convertible and she rides with me everyday in the car . She loves putting her head in the wind and this helps protect her eyes . These are great . I ordered the XS . My dog is 11.8 lbs and is a wirehair terrier . Her head is n't large and these fit perfectly !
 Doggles are a great product . They are well made and easy to put on my dog . Even though she does n't like them at this point they do look really cute and keep the wind out of her eyes when we drive with the convertible top down . : -RRB-
 I have a tall shepard mix - 100 lbs , 27 inches tall . This door is great . He had a hard time getting though the old regular large door - he had to bend down so much that half the time he would wait for me to open the sliding glass door . Now he can move through so easily ! Love it !!
 Stroller is great - assimbly was easy . Plenty of room for my 11 lb silky terrier . Stroller is very sturdy and folds up pretty small . My only complaint is that the bag is not very sturdy . It kinda floppy . Would n't even think of using it without the stroller . Also , the velcro straps that lock it into the stroller are too short . They could add a few more inches . They just barely make it around the legs .
 This is the best pet stoller that I found . Purchased one at a local store and was just not working well . This is easier to fold down that a baby stoller . The carrier detaches to allow you to use the shoulder strap or attach it to the car seatbelt . It is a much better quality than any seen and I have referred several other pet owners to this site.Would recommend this product !!
 This is very convenient for when I carry around my cat to my dad 's house on weekends . The fleece inlay that it comes with is very soft and comfortable , my cat sometimes just lays in the carrier when we 're around the house . I love the pink color ! Carrier is not as sturdy as I 'd like it to be though I still like all of the zippered openings from where my car can go in . The stroller is very easy to open up and fold back . I also like the ability for the carrier to become a `` car seat '' simply by buckling a seatbelt through the loop in the back of the carrier . All in all , this carrier and stroller are good for the price , very convinient , and sold in very adorable colors !
 I got this pet stroller for my cat specifically because the carrier detatches from the stroller so i can carry it down the stairs . It is a good stroller but the straps on the carrier have plastic hooks instead of metal.Not as sturdy as it could be . The quality of the rest of the stroller is better.My cat enjoys it , so i am happy that i got it .
 I 've only had 2 retractables so far , but this one outlasted the other by a LARGE margin . I got this flexi when Jake was a pup , and 7 years later , it 's been chewed on , spit on , dropped , dragged on concrete , dragged through mud , dirt , sand , water , snow , etc. . It 's even been caught in my hair every now and then . I got a different retractable last year , and it promptly broke on the same day I got it . Even before it broke , it was having problems retracting the leash-string -LRB- so I 'm standing next to a busy street , 20 ' of leash laying in the grass , Jake standing next to me , and I 'm trying desperately to get the darn thing to work before the next car goes roaring by -RRB- . That leash was thrown out , and the old black flexi was given kisses and apologies for being undervalued.The only problem it has right now is that the button needs a little more force from the thumb every now and then , and that 's only because Jake chewed it out of shape a long time ago . Most of the time it works great , needs no pressure at all , but once in a while it will stick and you 'll need to repeatedly press it in to `` work out the kinks '' and I 've only had to do it less than once a year . But other than that , I never have to worry about holding a broken flexi while Jake is running like the wind after a truck . It 's actually kept me out of such pickles and it 's suffered a lot of abuse . More than once , it 's had to withstand the pressure of a 50-60 pound dog lunging at top speed , full strength , at the end of the leash -LRB- or whenever I 've pressed the button -RRB- . Sometimes I see the crack on the plastic body widening a little bit under the strain , but I 'm still very comfortable knowing it wo n't break . It 's one hardy thing . Too bad retractables just do n't get made the same way anymore .
 I had a cord version of this leash for 6 years or so - which we used every time we walked the dog and was an absolute great value - it worked in rain and snow and survived numerous drops etc. . This version is the tape version , which has been ok so far , we 'll see how it holds up . The only issue so far is that the tape extends from the top instead of the front of the plastic case . It seems unnatural to hold it this way , at least with our dog who pulls fairly hard and fast on it , but time will tell if we get used to it . I was hoping to find the same model we had before but it seems to be a discontinued design now ...
 I absolutely love this leash ! I bought a cheaper 16 ' leash before I bought this one and my 85 lb . black lab had it destroyed in a couple of weeks . I have had this for 4 weeks now and it is holding up great . My mother-in-law has had hers for 2 years and walks an equally energetic yellow lab ! It is well worth the extra money and the extra length really comes in handy .
 these are excellent dog leads . They are made in Germany and are of the highest quality and strength .
 before you buy one of these you should be aware it might not look anything like the ones in the picture . When I bought mine last week I was expecting a RED colored tape because that is what the picture showed at that time , but what I received has a red handle with a BLACK tape . I really wanted one with a red tape like the picture showed , for better visibility , however it is a great leash otherwise and I do n't think this model is even available with a red tape . If it were red I would rate this product 5 stars .
 The leash is exactly what we needed . We like the wide strap verses the cord . Seems like more control , Item came fast and on timeThank you
 I am very satisfied with the leash . It works well and the price was reasonable . The internet transaction was easy and efficient .
 Love this leash.I own two . Its a full ribbon sothere 's no chance of anyone getting their fingers cut off in a cord . I have a 22lb and 12lb dog I could use the smaller size but the problem with the small is your hand doesnt fit . This one my hand fits in and i can hold it tight and its comfortable . I even had a problem with the safety leash missing and the co. was great in exchanging it .
 Cats love it , smaller than their previous one -LRB- which was 8 inches -RRB- this one is about 4 inches . This one they can pick up and roll with .
 Arrived on time which means quick and was well packaged . I have used this in small worm farm and it works well .
 Now , I know that any trainer would say that these are the absolute worst types of leashes to train a dog on and I agree . they are designed in such a way that when the leash line is n't locked , there is ALWAYS tension on the leash which connects to the dog 's collar/harness , which in turn connects to the dog 's brain . I have two dogs and use one of these on each -LRB- yes , juggling them is difficult -RRB- . I like the retractable because it allows them to have more room to sniff and the leash rarely gets stuck under their legs and bellies b/c of the retracting design . So , if you have a dog that is already trained to walk on a loose leash , i do n't see much harm in these -LRB- except that 16 ft is a lot of room for a dog to chase a squirrel and that squirrel might run for the street , so being extremely vigilent is an absolute MUST for this type of leash -RRB- . If you are still training your dog to walk nicely near you , I would caution against using these . that 's just my two cents and it 's true that one of my dogs is still working at loose-leash walking and therefore I should NOT be using this type of leash with her , but I absolutely love when we get into a field and i unlock that leash and watch her little heiney turn into a rocket -LRB- i do call her back before she hits the end of that 16 feet ! -RRB- . I really like the fact that this is a full lead rather than a cord leash . however , if the lead twists , the retracting system does get stuck and you have to pull it out REALLY quickly and untwist.Another word of caution ... know your surroundings . it only takes a second for you to stop paying attention and for your dog to end up tangled around a tree , another dog , a small child ... etc. . If you 're using a retractable , put them on a locked , short lead when other people and animals are around.Wow ... i have too much to say . sorry ! all in all , i 'm glad I bought these leads . They 're good for long walks in the field !
 I have two very small breed dogs ! These treats are the perfect size for them and they love them too ! Great product !
 i was looking for a cheaper alternative to the `` Bite Not '' cervical collar for my dog . I figured that as cheap as this one was , it would be flimsy , and the photo did not show the triple velcro closures , or the additional quick snap strap that goes behind the front legs . the collar arrived quickly , was brand new , is made of thick plastic with dense foam for padding . two small velcro closure straps and one wide full velcro closure keep the collar secure , and the additional strap secures the collar so the dog ca n't slip it over it 's head . My dog is very freaked out by conventional elizabethan collars , and the inflatable and floppy collars were ill fitting , and also scared my dog - plus those other collars made it hard for her to move around - so this worked out really well . the only thing to be aware of is that while this will keep most dogs from turning their heads to chew on their back ends , it will not stop dogs from using their back legs to scratch their ears or front end , and -LRB- depending upon their size , flexability , nose length , etc -RRB- most dogs can stil lick at their front legs and paws .
 This type of collar is good for keeping our labrador from chewing on the tumor on her `` elbow '' ... while being able to eat , drink , and live comfortably in her last days . Thank you for helping our best girl ...
 I bought two of these collars recently for my dog adult Bassets , who had each had surgery near their butt ends for different problems . With one , it worked like a charm , and I was able to substitute it for the Elizabethan Collar `` cone of shame '' . With the other girl , the incision was in a different area , and she 's extremely flexible , and she was able to reach it , so she had to go back into the cone during the worst of the itchiness related to the incision healing.These cones are GREAT - well-made , well-sized , and easy to adjust to the specific dog . Quality was good , and the price is much more reasonable than the other `` Bite Not '' collars or the inflatable cervical collars -LRB- which would not have worked at my house because there 's also a puppy in residence and she would have made very short work of the inflatable ... All in all , very satisfied !
 This collar was used on a Great Dane puppy following surgery and worked in keeping her from getting to her staples located on her stomach .
 I bought this for my Basset Hound , as he `` digs '' at his belly until it is raw . He probably has an allergy or something , but I ca n't find the cause -LRB- and I 've taken him to vets several times -RRB- . I 've heard that some dogs -LRB- especially big dogs -RRB- can get these off , but he has only gotten it off once , and that might be because I did n't have it on tight enough -LRB- it was still fastened with the velcro . -RRB- Basset Hounds are not known for their intelligence or persistence -LRB- he wo n't even push his way through a slightly ajar door ! -RRB- so he did n't test this collar severely , but it does the job for him . This collar is stiff enough that he can not twist around enough to itch himself raw . Otherwise he seems perfectly happy when wearing it , as it does n't restrict his vision or hearing -LRB- as a cone would -RRB- . I have also tried the ProCollar -LRB- an inflatable collar -RRB- , which worked for a while , until he figured out that he could push past the collar to dig at his belly again . So far , I 'm pleased with this collar .
 Our dog had surgery on one of her hind legs and was able pull out her staples even with a ` cone of shame ' on ! This collar along with the cone is a lifesaver !! She will now be able to heal safely ! The best feature is the harness that wraps around the dog so they ca n't slip the collar off . Great product and we 're very thankful we found such a great product !
 It pretty much served the purpose and stayed securely around my dog 's neck for 14 days . She was able to reach her tail but not underneath her stomach where the surgery was.It seemed much more comfortable than the traditional e-collar and she was able to eat , drink , sleep with it on .
 This would be good for maybe an overweight basset -LRB- or even a regular weight basset probably -RRB- . I got this in an effort to keep my setter from chewing on her stitches and various other places after her surgery.The chewing was a new problem for her and I was hoping that something to prevent her from getting to her preferred chew places while the steroids worked would be useful . The e-collar the vet gave her was too large and not only gave her the impression she could not get through the doggy door but also made her a danger to self and others as she knocked over stacks of books and hit others behind the knees on the stairs.The E-J Collar fit fine and prevented her from getting to her stitches on her belly and the place on her mid back that she was chewing all of the hair off ; however , she was able to get to the place around her tail due to the fact she was thin and flexible . So if you have the right dog this is far better than an e-collar and sturdy . The velcro and foam on the collar collect longish dog hair like you would n't believe . It now looks white instead of black due to this.Do use the provided band to stabilize it .
 I have an Akita named Andie . For the first 2 years of Andie 's life , she was walked on a standard nylon leash . Neither one of us liked it very much.I had seen other people using retractable leashes but was wary of getting one , for two reasons . Firstly , because despite having had a dog most of my life , I had never used that kind of leash before . Secondly , because Andie is , well ... BIG . And strong . The retractable leash cords are VERY thin . I honestly was n't sure it could withstand Andie 's strength . -LRB- I 'm sure those of you who have large breed dogs can identify with this ! -RRB- But one day at PetSmart , I took a few minutes to actually LOOK at the Flexi leashes , which I had never done before . To my surprise , there was n't just a one-size-fits-all leash , but rather a selection available based on the weight of the dog . Andie , at that time , was still growing but was already up to 85lbs . So I selected a blue Flexi 3-5 , which could handle dogs up to 110lbs . I think I paid about $ 16 for it.It was a little awkward to get used to in the beginning -- for both of us . But within a week we 'd both gotten the hang of it . Andie quickly learned how to maneuver around objects so that the leash cord was always on the `` correct '' side and did n't get tangled up . And since she 's not very dog-friendly , I always felt more secure knowing I could keep her close with just the click of the thumb latch should another dog come up to us.That was 8 years ago . Andie is now 11 years old and weighs about 100lbs . She is older and greyer , and has arthritis . She 's been on literally hundreds of walks throughout the years . And one thing that has survived through all that time and change has been her trusty blue Flexi retractable leash.The leash handle is scuffed up , to be sure . It 's been dropped a few times and I think Andie tried to chew on it once , years ago . But other than that , it 's in basically the same condition it was when I bought it in 1998 . Most importantly , the original cord is still intact , has never split or snapped , even after Andie 's countless unsuccessful attempts to chase after squirrels and rabbits . And considering Andie weighs as much as some young adults speaks to its durability . It almost seems to be indestructible!There are few items that I use multiple times on a daily basis -- especially something that cost me under $ 20 -- that I 'm still using 8 years later . And so , I think it 's safe to give a very high recommendation for this leash.UPDATED TO ADD
 This leash is excellent ! It is very heavy duty and does the job well ! Very easy to use and gives a dog freedom while still being able to let the owner have great control . I would recommend this product to anyone with a large dog .
 I have a 130lb Bouvier and this works well for him . The handle has enough room to wear gloves . A change/enhancement that would be nice is a wrist loop in case you lose your grip.I 've had this for a month now , walking the dog daily and everything is working well .
 I have a sun consure and a Marvelous XL chateau cage . I needed perches that Max could use as `` bridges '' from one area to the next , these work great . They are perfect size for his feet , he loves the bell and unlike some other `` bells '' it actually rings , and the length of the perch is perfect at 10 '' . It 's sturdy , easily attached and attractive .
 Wow !! I got my order in three days.It would not fit on the cage at first so I took the old tools from my old perch and it 's holding up fine.My parrot loves it
 After purchasing a sand type perch for my Indian Ringneck , he developed a sore foot . My vet recommended I find something softer for his feet and to put the sand perch lower in the cage . `` Harley '' loves this acrylic perch !! The bell on the end is just an added bonus to him ! I 'm online tonight to replace the other 2 manzanita perches that came with the cage . -LRB- Too slippery , even with a rough sanding ! -RRB-
 I will never understand why Flexi decides to give the sizes in terms of the size of the dog . It 's far more important to give a size for the person 's hand . If you have large hands , you should get this model . I use this with a small/medium size dog . The smaller leashes that are more appropriate for the dog are not appropriate for me . Some of the new Flexi models for large dogs have smaller handles than this one.Even this model is too small when I 'm out in the winter with gloves on . Flexi should introduce larger handles and stop catering to the size of the dog . I would like to buy large handles even when I walk a small dog.Flexi 's branding is poor and it 's difficult to see exactly what model has the old style large grip . Some of Amazon 's listings are incorrect and you may end up with the new small handles . I looked for alternative brands but there are none . If you want a nice tape leash with a great brake system , this is your only choice.Be sure you get the tape style line even with small dogs . It 's no fun getting rope burn on the corded leashes .
 These are one of my dog 's favorite chews , tough and durable for small , but strong chewers . She especially loves the textured end . Though she is a small dog , she is a very aggressive chewer - destroying most regular nylabones . It is nice to have a stronger , tougher bone for her that is n't huge !
 Our French Bulldogs love these bones . They are just the right size for them to hold and chew . I know that their teeth and gums are healthier as a result of the Super-tuff bone . Be careful not to leave them laying around on the floor ... stepping on them with bare feet is painful .
 I have 2 10 lb Shih Tzus and they ca n't get enough of these . I 've never had one wear out either . I think they like the feel of the little nubs . I have a 25 lb . Schnauzer who likes to chew them too . He has strong jaws and chews very aggressively , but again , they never wear out . Just the perfect size for my dogs to actually hold them between their feet and chew for hours on end .
 My dog , a Westie , loves Nylabone products , but especially loves the Super Tuff bones with all the little knobs on it . He holds it between his paws and licks and gnaws at it like an ice cream cone :-RRB- Yes , seriously . I am so happy to find them for sale on Amazon as the pet stores I go to do n't have this particular Nylabone item .
 Our small Pekepoo -LRB- about 19 lbs -RRB- is a strong chewer who seems to go through most chew toys that we 've tried -- but this Super Tuff for Little Dogs holds up amazingly well . Our dog loves these , and they last for many months of hard chewing . We 've only tried the bacon flavor -LRB- Nylabone makes one or two other flavors , but he seems to like this one so well that we 've felt there 's no reason to try something different . -RRB- We 've recommended these to a few friends who have also found their small dogs like these .
 This chew is awesome ! I have a small spaniel that is a very aggressive chewer . Even caused more damage in my house on hard objects than my rottweiler did . Every dog , large and small that has ever met this chew has LOVED them . Highly recommend for any dog that is aggressive at chewing .
 My sheltie -LRB- now 1 year old -RRB- has been playing with supertuff since he was 7 months old and he absolutely loves it . I do n't like to give him snacks during his playtime and so a toy like the supertuff is definitely the thing to go . The only downside about it is that there is only one standard -LRB- small -RRB- size . Am sure my sheltie would love it even more if it 's a tad bit bigger !!
 This lead is one of the best leads that I have ever used . Unfortunately , our new Rescue Dog is very strong and we felt that the larger lead was better for him . Also he is over 44 lbs. , which I did not realize . I would recommend this product to anyone who needs control for your smaller dog . It is very easy to use and gives you the ability to work with your dog while walking . Thank you and thank you for a fast refund on this so we could get the larger size Flexi Classic .
 I have used this brand of retractable leashes for many dogs and just love them . Easy to use , affordable , and well worth the sanity and peace of mind they give while walking a dog . I recommend these to anyone !
 It really pays to buy a quality flexible leash the Flexi line is all quality stuff and I would still be using my old one if my dog had not chewed thru the cord.Quick ship great price all is good
 I bought this leash to replace my last Flexi leash that I had for several years . The reason I had to replace it was because I left it tied around a tree in the front yard while I was gardening and my free spirited dog chewed his way free ! My dog is pretty strong -LRB- for a 25 lb dog -RRB- and is n't good at walking by your side . So this is great for when you want to keep your dog close . . When I first bought this lead at a local pet store , I paid about double this price . So amazon pricing is just right ! -LRB- not always the case ! -RRB-
 I purchased this leash to replace a leash from another brand that was purchased at a big-box retailer.This leash is constructed well and performs slightly better than the old leash - the cord retracts more smoothly and has n't yet gotten stuck when retracting . This product is much better than a regular leash for a dog that likes to go on extended sniffing excursions .
 The product works great . Leash extension and retraction is smooth and the clip that connects to the collar opens easily and stays locked after closing . The casing appears to be sturdy as well , having survived many drops .
 This leash is just fine and does what it 's supposed to do -- no complaints . My dog is right at 44 pounds and the leash does feel a little flimsy for it 's size . But it still works fine , and the leash is actually more comfortable in my hand than what I was using before .
 This is the 2nd Flexi Classic dog leash that we purchased . I bought another brand of dog-leash & regretted it ! It was difficult to lock up and would n't retract . I had to pull the cord back into the handle manually -LRB- never supposed to touch the string but I had no choice -RRB- . The bottome line **** stick with this brand ! Great product !
 I 've been a fan of Flexi since my King Charles was a puppy and I bought him the small sized Flexi on Amazon . After an accident trying to walk him with my bike and the cord breaking from getting caught under the tire , it was time to get a new one . The construction is durable and the recoil always smooth and consistent . Due to the small diameter cord , the cord never gets tangled recoiling back in the device . The cord is very strong and wont break . My first one broke at the strap portion and only because my dog had half chewed through the strap . I only need one hand to operate the Flexi . The permanent and temporary lock can be done with just your thumb . Definitely worthy of 5-stars .
 Works great for my Scottish/Westie Terrier which is only 15 lbs . She is currently 3 months old and seems to enjoy carrying it around the house after her long walk.I have only had the product for 5 days but nothing has gone wrong with it as far as mechanics with the inside of the leash .
 Great product and delivered in great time.I have used this product now on numerous occassions and it has been first class
 I was really pleased with this leash . The quality is great . The leash feels nice and looks nice . it is also very heavy duty . I was going to buy this same leash at Petco and Petsmart , but the price was way more expensive and that was their `` sale '' price . So , I am extremely happy we got it at Amazon.com . I would recommend it to anybody . The shipping was super fast also .
 We recently ordered two of these leashes when we misplaced our old ones . These are the best expandable leashes we 've ever had . The locking mechanism is the easiest to apply - just a flip of the lever . It 's also the easiest to unlock . It can truly be managed by one hand where most other leashes have required both hands to lock or unlock.Like most of these leashes , the cord could cut you if you tried to hang on to it when it was being pulled out by the dog so one should be careful . Ca n't say how it will hold up over the long haul , but we are very , very pleased with these leashes .
 I have a very hyper dog a Jack Russell who is like a living ping pong ball.She changes directions in a second.pulls very hard to get where she wants.She puts a tremendous strain on any leash device.This equipment has held up very well and continues to be a very good investment .
 Prior to this leash I had a standard leash with no flexibility . Using this one my walks with the dog are more pleasant and allows flexibility without compromising safety . Really enjoy the features on it .
 I 've used this leash for three dogs now and although I 've bought replacements in new colors , the first one still works as well as the most recent purchase . I will recommend keeping the leash shorter if you have a very active dog or if your dog becomes excited or agitated around other people or animals , as they can move very quickly and get away from you . It 's also important to be cautious when the leash is extended if the dog runs around people because the leash can actually cut through a body with friction . Once you get comfortable with the button mechanism , your reflexes improve and the walks are more wonderful because the dog can feel more free with the additional space around them . I considered buying another of the very small size but found the handling to not be as comfortable as this . I love all of mine !
 I had always bought Flexi Classic leashes for my dogs , except once , which I regret ... Flexi leashes are high quality , and last forever -LRB- I still have a 20 years old one , still working perfectly ! -RRB-
 I bought the small size version of this but sent it back because it was too small for my hand -LRB- average sized male hand -RRB- . I bought this one for a little more $ $ and works great.I love the fact that you can lock the lead with just one hand unlike my old retractable lead I had . When you 're trying to get in your mailbox with the dog on the leash it comes in handy.The price on Amazon is cheaper than Petsmart or Petco ... ymmv .
 The leash does what it says it will do . I prefer the flexible leashes on my walks as it allows my dog the freedom to venture off if he chooses but allows me the option to control the roaming . He generally walks alongside me but on occasions he wants to walk ahead a bit and this allows it . The locking device also serves as a reminder to him to stay near as it has a clicking sound which may serve as a bit of a training tool . For those who want their dogs to walk strictly at heel , I 'd say to buy something else . But those , like me , who do n't mind their dogs to walk with them but not always plastered to their side , then this leash is just fine . It is sturdy and quite secure and my dog is about 35 pounds .
 So ... I had a horror show with an Animal Planet Retractable leash , which I wo n't link to and have given a horrible review and rating . After that experience , I was looking for the perfect leash . I believe I 've found as close to the perfect leash as I will ever use.This leash is great for many reasons : Intuitive to use.Well made
 I had one of these wear out after 5 years of use on a 60 lb . dog that pulled a lot . The line would no longer retract . However , I have another one that 's lasted over 10 years . Therefore , My true rating would be 4 1/2 stars due to the one wearing out . The construction seems solid and it 's a convenient leash for the times that I want to give my dog more slack than my normal 6 ' leash allows . Even though one of the two I bought did wear out I bought another one and would do so again .
 I bought this leash from a store and it was 11.88 I think . I had just bought the animal planet leash for 9.99 and it is awful . the leash jerks as it comes out , the lock knob slides and wo n't stay in place , and you have to pull the trigger and hold for the leash to come out . This one glides out easy , you push the button to STOP the leash from going in and out , and the lock button is conveniently located and stays put . The only thing I do n't like is that it does n't have a spot for the bags but oh , well , stick them in my pocket .
 Buffy Rose , a 12 year old Pug , loves the freedom the 16 ft retractable leash gives her when we go out in the morning to get the newspaper . Now she does n't have to go with me to the spot io the drive way where the paper landed but can wander in to the grass on either side from where I am near the middle getting the newspaper . Then I can walk to her and she gets reeled in for the return to the house still at a distance from me and the reel-case . I do believe she enjoys her morning walks a lot more.Al Wagner , Buffy 's partner .
 We have used the Flexi Classic 2 retractable cord leashes for 14 years , in fact one of ours is that old . My spouse did not believe the mechanism would be this good - we use it every day . I love the open area for my fingers when I am wearing gloves . BEWARE - the design from Flexi has changed -- the leash pictured here is NOT the one you will receive . Flexi has made the finger opening much smaller . Therefore , I returned it and as a result must search for a replacement .
 This is a great , ergonomically designed lead with a smooth retracting action and a convenient locking mechanism . Our pup was able to chew through it quite easily though , which is way I give it only 4 stars -LRB- and purchased a second one -RRB- .
 Excellent service , neatly packaged , arrived when they said it would . I would buy from this vendor again . I have always had positive transactions from Amazon vendors .
 I bought this after the one I got at petsmart broke when my pup was not even 1 yr old . This one is perfect and 90 % cheaper in price than other one . Great for walking our lil one . Might be cheap in price but not cheaply made .
 My dachshunds are aggressive chewers and this is a great chew product for them . They can not destroy this easily and keep on chewing it until barely a stub.If you are looking for a product for your dog , I highly recommend this .
 For some reason I do n't know , the maker of this Super Tuff bone is shown as
 These are great . I have two terriers who are voracious chewers . They 've chewed through `` lion-tough '' toys in 7 minutes . They ca n't have soft , furry playthings because not only do they destroy them within minutes , but the boy dog insists on eating the stuffing and what goes down must come back up . yuk . But they love these things . They have absolutely zero interest in other nylon chew toys . But these , they 're addicted to . Maybe it 's the nubbie things . They last for about two days , keep the dogs ' teeth `` brushed '' and they do n't cause them to upchuck even when they eat said nubbies . Awesome toy for aggressive chewers .
 my dog loves these , they are so expensive to buy individually . these are great and clean the teeth . i hold onto one end and rotate it around , kinda like a toothbrush so it cleans her teeth !
 I give each of my three dogs one a day and they just love them , and I have noticed that their breath is better and their teeth and gums are clean . My vet even noticed how great they looked . I will continue to buy these for a long time .
 My dog loves these dental bones . They take him a while to eat and he spends a lot of time chewing them up . Be sure to supervise your dog while he/she eats these , just in case . They seem to be good for him and make him happy !
 I 've been using this mainly for detecting fake IDs and I must say , this product definitely outperforms the competition . I purchased a similar uv led flashlight on ebay for $ 2.50 including shipping but it will only illuminate the V on your visa cards as well as the visa words on the back . It will not illuminate the image found on California IDs.I also purchased a 3w Ultrafire UV led and that still does not light up the UV hidden images on the CA ID as well as this one does . It shoots out too much white light rather than black light.However , with this flashlight , it will illuminate the UV hidden images on all IDs I 've tried it on . It wo n't illuminate anything else which makes it a GREAT BUY . Why spend 4x less for a product that wo n't even do it 's job properly ? Minus well spend the extra money on something that will really work at an affordable price . If you 're debating on whether to purchase it or not , DO IT , you will not be disappointed .
 Well , I bought this thing in hopes that it would work . I have been putting rechargeable batteries in it which I am not for sure if it is the batteries or the flash light at this point but it keeps going dim . But either way it works really well or appears too work just fine.We have been working on remodeling and cleaning up my girlfriends house to put it on the market for sale or rent and it has helped us identify where her cats were and where they went and urinated on the carpets ; we have since really cleaned those areas and it has made a big difference on smell and appearance.I have also used it at my house to identify where our two little young puppies may go accidentally or if they go in their cage since we are cage training and it does a really good job at least for my uses.Be careful where you flash the light as , some things are best left unnoticed.Bradley
 I can not believe how well this light works . It shows up every little spot . I can not believe my pets have urinated so frequently on my carpets without me knowing , or without me seeing it . I feel much better knowing I can detect problems and clean them up much quicker .
 This is a fantastic urine finder . It even works when it 's not completely dark in the room . Urine shines a brilliant yellow -- sort of an acid yellow . Ignore the brilliant white spots because lint , fabric , and anything white glows brilliantly , but the urine spots are really yellow . I was having a problem in my sewing room . 2 cats had a tiff in there , and the room started to smell . I tried everything , spraying baseboards , etc. . When the urine finder arrived I discovered that there were just a few tiny spots on some plastic cabinets and one on the tile floor . You would not think ; that a few tiny spots could stink so much , but once I treated those spots the stink was gone . Very important !!! You can use this standing up . You do n't have to get down on the floor to find the urine spots . This makes it easy and especially important for elderly or people with disabilities . I had a different finder before , and the biggest problem was you had to be within a few inches of the spot to see it . With THIS finder , you can see the spots while you 're standing , and you can see several spots at once from a distance . HIGHLY RECOMMENDED .
 My sister saw a TV special where warehouse were full of rats who left &#34; tracks &#34; on the tops of cans . Well , you know the tops of cans always seem to fall into the can when your opening them . No one I know wants rat urine in their canned corn , so instead of washing all the cans like a paranoid person might , I got my sister this urine detector . However , this had made her even more paranoid , so I 'm gon na call it a success !
 This product really works , The first day I received the Urine-Finder I tried it on my carpeting , sure enough there where all the stains I suspected to be there only now I can see them and finally get rid of them . If your in need of a Black light , this one works .
 I waited until night to try this light and I could n't believe it . It showed all the cat piss spots in my carpet . Each spot flouressed everytime a stain was spotted in the carpet . I am very pleased with this black light . It works great ! Just pop in the 4 AA batteries and wait until darkness . It even works with rechargeable batteries . Great to take with you when you are house hunting . Just take your black light during the evening hours and you can see if the carpet is full of pet stains .
 This item has a poor design that makes battery installation very difficult . I had to be very careful not to damage it . It did , however , work great for identifying pet urine stains , both old and new , on cheap apartment carpet .
 At first , I wrote , `` It 's a black light . It 's small . It 's inexpensive . It 's sort of cool . Did it show me where the cat pee was ? No ... but it 's still small , inexpensive and sort of cool . It is what it is '' but now?I 'm impressed ! I KNEW my cats had peed on a chair , was peeved that the light was n't showing me where it was . Finally , it occurred to me to run the light UNDER the chair ... this thing really works ! Found the pee , cleaned it up , smell gone . Great little product , great price . Would change my review to 5 stars , if I could .
 This UV light is just the right size and just the right price . The lights had to be off completely and it had to be night time , but I was able to find all the spots I thought would be there and tons I did n't know where there . Yuck . I vacuumed within 24 hours because my carpet was so repulsive under the light . Now I 'm on to mopping and stain removal .
 People expect too much for this product . It 's a small portable black light people . . of course it 's not that great if you use it during the day -LRB- unless your blinds are good enough to make the room dark -RRB- . Pros
 These urine finder lights do work well . But you have to do it at night in a dark room . In a daylite room they wo n't work .
 It does what it says . I can find stains easily . The problem now is that I want to get new carpet after seeing what the previous owner 's dog did to the carpets . Ask yourself if you really want to know .
 I had one of these and used it with great success in finding cat urine when I had a sick cat who was having accidents . You could find the pee spots easily and make sure they were cleaned up . I now have a puppy and bought a new one of these -LRB- the old one was lost in a house flood -RRB- and it 's not working at all , even when I shine it right on a dog urine puddle . I 'm not sure if there has been a change in the light , or if dog urine simply does not show up under black light .
 My olfactory senses are n't up to snuff , so I needed help to identify the sources of the pet odors left by my cat . This was perfect for it . It 's inexpensive and easy to use . Just a quick sweep of the room with the lights off and I 'd identified the two offending areas , which are now being treated with enzymes . It also works for the old invisible ID marking pen I have for marking my valuables . It 's bright enough to illuminate several square feet at a time . It 's just what I expected and exactly what I needed .
 Not too much one can say about this sucker - it does its job , but since it is relatively small , you 're not going to be able to hold it 2-3 feet above the floor and see anything . You 'll need to get right on top of the floor -LRB- no more than 6-7 inches , generally -RRB- for best effect . It also needs to be pretty dark for it to work.Worth the money , however !
 The light works even in in low light conditions . The price was also a great selling point . Still using it !
 Great buy and shipping is fast . There is a down and up side of the idem . The good news , it is very bright in very dark areas . It does show where residue of urine and glance images -LRB- ghost image -RRB- of semen . Down side , it does not clean anything , -LRB- such as public toilets with some sort of harmful disease or virus even worse parasites -RRB- only clorox handy wipes will help , which is also a great purchase .
 This item works quite well . I was able to find all the spots and then some .
 it made me sick to see all the urine in a rug I thought was clean . Now how do I get it off the carpet . I really was shocked to see what does n't show up in regular light . It works great .
 This light was exactly what I expected to get in the mail and just the perfect size .
 This worked just fine to help me find where one of my cats is misbehaving . The room must be very dark , so I use it at night when all the lights are off in the house .
 This product works well . I was able to see stains from urine and `` other '' products on the rug and floor . It was still able to spot the stains that were not completely clean the first time .
 Aimed at all pet-owners , this is a really ingenious device . Thanks to the power of science , the ultra-violet light will cause any stains to appear bright yellow . This is an absolute boon to those who can never quite pinpoint the source of an odour . It is also extremely entertaining to use - I like to pretend that that I am a forensic investigator from CSI , searching for any clues left behind by an incontinent murderer ! It never fails to amaze me how frequently new ` crime scenes ' arrive - particularly as I 'm not a pet owner myself . In fact , useful as the device is , I 'm beginning to feel that prevention may be better than cure . In order to find the culprit among the family I intend to go back to the old-fashioned investigation methods of the Gestapo -LRB- starting with Doreen -RRB- .
 I can not believe how effective this little light is.For the past few days , as I walked in my basement door after work , I noticed a distinct cat-pee smell . We had just gotten new carpeting in the basement , and it 's very light colored , so I thought I 'd be able to find any accidents easily . I crawled on my hands and knees over the entire carpet , inch by inch , feeling for wet spots and sniffing as I went like a dog . I just could not find the source of the smell , but I was desperate to find it and clean it before the cat got in a habit of marking . So I ordered this light , and it arrived the very next day . I popped in three AAA batteries -LRB- not included -RRB- , and ran downstairs to test it out . I turned off all the lights and started at the far corner of the room , scanning stripes of carpet meticulously . After going over two rooms , I still had n't found a thing , and was beginning to think this light did n't work . Then , just as I directed the light at my basement door , I saw it -- two small fluorescent green spots on the carpet right by the door !! Completely invisible with the lights on , but impossible to miss with this light !! I scrubbed the spots with resolve , let them dry , tested the light again and they were gone.I never would 've found that cat pee without this light , so it was worth every penny . It 's also fun to walk around your whole house and see what else you can find , like the occasional dirty dog footprint , or whatever I stepped in . I 'm a little afraid to take it to hotel rooms!On a side note , this does not seem to work on cat hairballs . As the name of the product states , it 's a urine finder , and it is flawless at finding urine , even when it 's been sitting for a few days .
 The light works well at night to find cat urine sprays everywhere . It also picks up other liquids that may have spilled , it 's very thorough . The cat spray will create distinctive markings on the wall , couch , etc. . works very well .
 After reading the negative reviews on this mini light , I decided to buy one from a local feed store . I have been using Urine-Off for the past two years applying it to where `` I know '' my marker dog goes , but I did n't know everywhere.Once I figured out that the NEGATIVE END OF THE BATTERY goes where the `` spring '' is and that the light has a push-switch , the light turned on . My room was only darkened by verticals during an Arizona afternoon and there his little wee marks were ... looks just like yellow Gatorade.Anyone that writes a review on this light claiming it does n't work , consider this ; Maybe your pet is finally getting it and going outside.THIS IS A FANTASTIC TOOL ... SHOULD HAVE BOUGHT IT SOONER.THANK YOU BIO-PRO RESEARCH !!!! Your product is sorely needed .
 I had no idea such a product existed until it came up on my search for odor remover . Urine Off Urine Finder Mini LED Light does exactly as it advertises for such a compact product .
 hopefully this motor wo n't die out like the stock one . Did n't even have it for year ! SO far its running good . ALso do n't throw away the propeller , it does not come with the motor .
 So glad items like this are even available . When a motor goes out on a large fish tank , normally one must spend BIG bucks to buy a whole new rig . This way , you only have to replace the part `` NOT '' working . Thanks for being there .
 my aquaclear filter crapped out even thought it was n't a year old . This motor snapped right in and is still working well . arrived quickly .
 This is so cute , perfect for what I wanted it for . Very well made .
 Very cute and well made product ! The headband is NOT very expandable , so if you have a dog with a large head , go with a bigger size . Medium fit my bichon perfectly , but pitbull 's head was way too large for the headband ! LOL
 I bought this product for one of my dogs . It didnt fit good on her , was to big . I 'll use it on another dog . However , the quality of the product is excellent and they look so cute that worth it !!!!
 These are adorable , the jingle bells are real and actually jingle , and everything is pretty well made . They were hilarious on my two big dogs -LRB- great dane and french mastiff -RRB- - we used the picture for a xmas card .
 Both my dogs loved this . They do n't last long but they are a once in a while treat . My Great Pyrenees mix and my chow/husky mix loved it .
 Our chihuahua loves the Everlasting treat ball . She will spend hours working on removing the disk . It is perhaps her favorite toy .
 Poopy polished this one off in 10 minutes !! He loves them !!! To bad it 's not the everlasting gob stopper from Willy Wonka & the chocolate factory !!!
 We bought this for our Aussie/hound mix becuase she gets board and digs . She loves it , but it dos n't last very long .
 I 'd have suspected that the vanilla mint would n't be the favorite between our four dogs , but it is with this barbecue version coming in close second ! These treats fit into a variety of the everlasting treat balls . We have the large blue one that takes two ` dog hockey pucks ' and two orange ones that take one each . These are about the density of bone , and are made of not particularly nutritious stuff but are excellent for cleaning teeth and giving the jaws a workout.We have a very old , very big malamute , another pretty old pointer , a big ... err ... we 're not sure what he is exactly , part rotty , part small bear , part cat ... and a black lab puppy . Everyone loves the everlasting treats , but they really prefer this flavor and the vanilla mint . The malamute is n't much for chew toys , but he absolutely mauls this like he was 12 years younger . Everyones teeth look considerably better after a few weeks of these treats.Update
 My pugs love the Vanilla Mint and Chicken so far . They are a little hesitant with the BBQ , but they are getting to like it .
 I purchased these for my dog and my sisters 2 . They are all large dogs -LRB- 46 lbs . and up -RRB- Until these they were running around , getting in each others face - JUST DOING WHAT DOGS DO . I gave them the `` EVERLASTING TREAT ' and they went to seperate places and did not move for over an hour.There is only one thing - with these dogs - NOTHING IS EVERLASTING . They loved them and I will definitely buy more.As usual - You can go wrong - when you go AMAZON
 Not Quite Everlasting but my Bluetick Coonhound and Majestic Tree hound loved them . The treats did last a couple of days which is far longer than most treats in my house with 2 hounds over 100 pounds each . I will be buying more .
 My dogs like this flavor the most . They go crazy for it . It does not smell as bad as the chicken flavor .
 They quickly pop it out of the large everlasting treat ball , and still remain entertained by it for some time . I 've never had any abdominal problems from this product , like you can get from rawhides , bones , and especially the Greenies -LRB- which dogs can not dissolve and so can create abdominal obstructions -RRB- .
 I bought the initial treat ball at my vet 's office , and after it kept my golden busy for a LONNNNNG time I knew I had to find the refills cheaper than they sell them ! She LOVES them - when she sees me get it out of the package she follows me nosing my hand trying to sneak it out of my hand . She works at them for awhile , and pops them out of the treat ball , but they still keep her busy . Would be excellant for dogs in crates. : -RRB-
 Our dog LOVES these , but we only use them in the everlasting treat balls - worth the money if you have a chewer ! They last forever if they are inserted into the everlasting ball because only the end sticks out - perfect to entice them to chew the toy : -RRB-
 My dog loves this flavor and seems to be one of his favorites , along with the chicken flavored one . These cooklie inserts are hard and durable , taking a long while to get through , thankully ! They are obviously very tasty because my dog ca n't get through them fast enough , though it does take him about a week just to finish one of them . The good thing about this cookie is that the dogs can only scrape off a small amount at a time , rather than being able to gulp down big bites .
 I have two golden retrievers who can chew their way through any treat in no time ... not so anymore ! The Everlasting Treat Toy -LRB- one for each with both side holding a treat -RRB- have lasted the kids for going on a week now . They love the taste , their teeth look great , and they continue to play with it right up until they get the last bit of treat out . When the package says your dog will be busy for hours , they are n't lying . I 'm sold on this product and am busy stocking up on refills to keep my goldens happy .
 I bought my dog the ball to go with the treats , nervous about spending the money because he chew apart every toy I get him with in hours . I only have had it for a day now but the toy is still in once piece and the disc is still partially there . He really likes the treat . I think this is good for dogs who are pretty destructive , I hate spending that much on a toy but if it keeps him from eating the walls I 'm happy .
 These work great to occupy our dogs while we are away . Using them inside the chew balls , which seem indestructible , keep them occupied for hours on end . Their attention stays with the chew balls . Excellent
 The treats were shipped on time , and as described . The dog loves them , all three flavors and they last longer than other treats .
 I enjoy hobby mushing with my samoyed and samoyed / husky mix , and these harnesses have been the most trouble free , and best performing of the many harnesses I 've tried . I use this harness for every day walks , pulling saplings for heavy exercise , or skiing and skatejoring behind the dogs.My dogs like the padded chest peice , which eases some of the shock when they 're pulling slow and heavy , the single behind the forelegs cross clip makes putting the harnesses on and taking them off a breeze . My samoyed will actually walk himself into the harness if I hold it up form him . Also nice are the multiple D-rings , two heavy ones on each side , and one on the back , two really if your count the one between the shoulders . You can try carting or sledge pulling with these.I have exceptionally furry dogs , and they have no complaints about strap or hardware rubbing , results with shorter coated dogs may vary . The only other possible sticking point is there is little in the way of fitting adjustment , with only the bellystrap being adjustable . With all the other straps being uninteruppted and heavily stitched , this harness is massively durable.Make sure you read up on fitting sizes before you order . Check the TE scott websiteI use large size on my samoyed and mix 60lbs or so sized dogs .
 This is an awesome harness . It is very heavy though . I guess it has to be . We ordered the small for our Siberian Husky who is only 9 months old . It seems to be too big . But maybe is has to be a little loose . I am not sure but it works . I really like the 3 rings . One on each side and one in the middle . So we can hook it up any way we need . We are having our husky pull a wagon full of kids . I think he likes it . The padding helps . I only gave it 4 stars because of the sizing . Very good product though .
 I have been using this harness this summer to exercise my wirehair . `` roading '' her , letting her run with and/or pull my bicycle . She is in great condition because of this product . It seems to be plenty sturdy and I have not observed any hair loss other than her typical shedding .
 I have a 65 pound outdoor German Sheperd . She loves to run and pull a bicycle from the collar . So I bought this harness to make the pulling easier on her . The first run I used the top D-ring , it was a great control point and would not pull , just run . The next time I used her on a sled , using both side D-Rings , she pulled great ! I put the leash on the top D-Ring it controlled her better than her collar and when she needed assistance I could pull on the leash forward and it worked great.I needed to shorten the under chest strap by making one more hole . Remember the two side D-Rings are in the middle of the dog , and you need to provide what ever else that is needed .
 We have two small Yorkies . They are like our children , and we sure do pamper them , most of the items I buy on Amazon and are on my list are doggie treats . We first bought these for a higher price at a well known pet store . We bought the filet mignon flavor.Then I went online to see where I could get them cheaper . Thank you Amazon , you are always there when we need you.We want to give our girls nothing but the best and only treats that have good ingredients and are made in the USA this is very important to us.We buy the regular size pack of 6 and then I easily cut them into thirds . Boy does it help , the treat is a great size for them , and they love them . They even smell good to us!Thanks Amazon for carrying these wonderful healthy treats for those of us who love our pets .
 I purchased these to give my English Bulldog puppy Bully when he 's alone for a little while . Keeps him entertained . He loves the flavor , will definitely buy more . Also , cheaper than at local pet stores .
 My GoldenDoodle likes this treat for training and also for use with the everlasting treat ball . To make these cost effective I split them in two and also mix them with his regular kibble -LRB- only 1/5 treats -RRB- when stuffing them in the treat ball . I bought these for treat variety , to save money on the refill disks , which my dog loves but are expensive , and also to save time cutting up the Van Patten -LSB- Natural Balance Beef Formula Dog Food Roll , 4-Poundfood rolls . I am buying my second bag today .
 my dog and even my cat loves these treats !!! they are moist and have a really strong scent ! they even work awesome in my dogs iq treat ball !!
 My 6 lb . Toy Poodle will do ANYTHING to get these treats . She always knows when I am opening the bag and comes running at full tilt to jump up on me . They must be DELICIOUS , although I 've never tried them myself !
 I wish they came in a larger bag , we go through so many of them . My 11 pound mixed breed will just gobble them up if I let her . They fit perfectly into the Starmark Bento Ball or to just give as a training treat -LRB- we have her in classes -RRB- . But every time I get the treats out , all the cats want them , too . They are soft and segmented so they can be broken in half and last a little longer . Please make a larger and more economical bag for families with lots of pets !
 I bought these for the everlasting treat toys that I bought my dogs . They were cheaper than the only pet store that carries them around here . However , the dogs seem more attracted to the larger treat on the other side of the toy and these sometimes just sit in the toy until I remove them . I am trying other small treats to see if they work a little better in attracting their attention .
 I put these into the Everlasting Treat Ball and give it to my dog when I leave . She loves them .
 My dog loved them so much that he tipped the bag over and tried to finish off the pack before I caught him . He never usually does that .
 I tried these treats after the success I had with the Everlasting Treat Ball -LRB- made by the same company -RRB- . My dog goes crazy for them is the only reason that I did n't give them a Five Star Review . The treats are so attractive that the dog has trouble concentrating . They are a great size for Clicker Training and apparently pack a lot of `` high value '' punch in a small treat . Try and put these in a treat pouch or zip lock bag to contain the aroma so you can get some training in along with the treating.I also thought they were a little expensive for the amount you get , but it is very good for motivating a dog .
 My dog just loves these treats . They are small so perfect for training . Also excellent stuffing for the Everlasting Fun Ball . They are marked in the middle and easy to breat in half for even smaller treats . I used to break them in half to load in the Everlasting toys . But my dog got really smart about extracting them from the little opennings , so I now need to put them whole inside or the challenge would be gone .
 I got these puppy treats today and my puppy loved them , they are really small and soft that a young puppy can enjoy them too , they really smelled good too ! But I do think the company needs to put more in the package !
 My dog loved them . They did n't last very long . Need more in a package . Expensive for what they are . They even smelled good enough to eat !
 I purchased these treats to put in a little treat ball made by the same company . The pieces were so small my dogs had no trobule getting them out and they lasted less than a minute in the ball . The dogs did not appear to like one of the flavors which they seemed to turn their nose up to . I use numerous treats in training and as day to day rewards . I know when my dogs like a treat as they will try and knock each other over when I am handing out treats . With the Every Flavor Treat they take them but dont get very excited .
 I 've been searching for some good , soft training treats for my Boxer and these really hit the mark . He LOVES these treats . Goes crazy just when he smells them . I 've tried lots of other soft treats and some did n't have a strong enough smell to keep him interested . Some became dried out and crumbly after a couple of weeks . No such problems with these treats . and they work great with the Tricky Treat Ball too .
 Not sure how to review a dog treat . I can tell you my dogs love them . I can tell you that they do n't make them sick . And they are a perfect size for the quick positive reinforcement you may need to use .
 All of our dogs love these treats . They are soft and easy to break in pieces to dole out during grooming and nail trims . They all line up for their turn as soon as they see the treat pouch come out !
 Bought these for training purposes and it has worked well because she really loves these treats . She is n't overly particular , I guess , but she does like them . I like also that they have a line inthem to break them in half so they can be stretched farther , especially when training and they are recieving alot of treats .
 My dog loves these treats ! I put them inside the Everlasting Treat Ball and he loves getting through the first cookie to get to the treats inside . The flavors are varied and he does n't get tired or bored with the tastes . You can also divide the treats in half to make them smaller and I use them that way both inside the treat ball and as training treats . This is a great product which comes packaged in a zip-lock foil bag so the treats stay fresh for a long period of time ... if you can keep them away from your dog long enough ! I will buy this again because my dog likes them and because I like to vary his treats .
 I buy different types of treats for my dogs and keep them all in a large Rubbermaid container on top of the fridge . The dogs go nuts every time I reach for that box . I think they enjoy the variety because after I give them their treat they still look at me like `` what else is she gon na give us '' and sometimes I swear it 's more like `` but mom , I do n't like that kind , I want the other one '' . I mix all kinds of mainly dental treats together in the box . Rawhide sticks -LRB- all colors and flavors , not just green ones -RRB- , Greenies , Dingos , CET and also use some rawhide bones . These treats help scrape plaque from their teeth while chewing before tarter can form if given after meals or once a day . My dogs do not get soft food or treats unless we are training . Saving soft treats for training makes them want it all the more and the hard food is better for their teeth and digestion.I have a Miniature Pinscher and 2 Pomeranians that are prone to tooth loss so taking care of their teeth is very important to me . My oldest Pomeranian is 6 years old and just had his first professional cleaning and that was mainly because it is hard for me to get his back teeth because his mouth is so tiny.They love when they see the bag of treats come out of the cupboard because they now it 's the soft stuff or the small one bite treats and they are more receptive to training and their sessions go much faster.I would recommend these treats as part of a variety . Mix it up so your dog does n't get bored and use different shapes to get different angles on their teeth . -LSB- ... -RSB- Thanks !
 I bought these treats as a filler item to get `` free '' $ 25 shipping on a purchase . Turns out my dog loves these treats . She 's nuts about them and when I open the package the cat comes running too ! I will definately have to buy more .
 These are the best treats for training and rewarding since they are so small in size . I put some in my pocket and off we go for some sit , stay and heel lessons . I give them 4 stars since I truly do not know how great they taste . : - -RRB-
 these are great little training treats . they are soft and chewey and quickly gobbled up so they do n't interrupt during a training session . They work just as good for my big dogs as they do for my friend 's 3 lb Brussel 's Griffon puppy who takes forever and a day to chew up little bits of crunchy biscuits so these are the perfect solution .
 my dogs love these treats especially when i put them inside their toy treat feeder . they just pull the toy around waiting for the treats to come out .
 I like these because they break in half and get smaller . Great for IQ toys and they are soft and chewy . My little doggies love these .
 Love it ! So cute and my dogs even get excited to wear them . They have held up well and fit great .
 This used to be very big on my puppy but he grew into it and then out of it . I thought he looked so cute in it . The winters here can get pretty brutal so I thought an extra layer could n't hurt . Works well for camping too !
 The quality of the sweatshirt is quite thin but for a dog sweatshirt , I guess it 's ok . My Large 80 lbs doberman has very short fur and gets cold so I plan on him wearing this to bed and around the house in the winter . The camo pattern is really cute and sporty . My dog is quite tall for a doberman , so getting his long limbs in the shirt holes were a little hard but once on , it seemed comfortable for him with good range of motion . Although he is very lean , he has a deep broad chest so often I have to buy very large clothing for him.As far as service , this item took a long time to be delivered . It took over 2 weeks to arrive . The pricing is very good , its even gone on sale since I bought it by a few dollars .
 It was exactly as described . The quality was better than I expected , especially for the price . I 've washed it at least 3 times , the color has n't faided and it has n't shrunk . VERY VERY pleased .
 I live in south Louisiana and I thought this would be nice to have on occasions I could take my pet chameleon or bearded dragon outside and expose them to a natural environment . This product has delivered . It comes with a nice zip up bag to store it away . Unzip the case , pull the cage out , undo the two snaps , and you are ready to go . There is a hook inside to attach climbing , lighting , or heating accessories . Also there is a loop at the top so you can hang it on a hook or branch outside . The mesh material is very durable and dense so if you have no shade it will filter the harsh direct sunlight . There is a small velcro opening at the top so you can drop in insects or run your electrical cord out . The bottom has a little more support so if you need to use this product as your primary habitat you could add some substrate . I would recommend to any reptile enthusiasts .
 our chameleon enjoys his new hanging cage . we hung from the ceiling . hes up high . its perfect for a chameleon .
 This is a great product . It was larger than I expected . I bought it for a tree frog who has been living in the house so that I could protect him from the cats and let him be outside . Since he has been free-range , I needed a habitat large enough to make him comfortable . I would have liked an opening large enough to put real plants inside . Other than that , it 's a great product . I did notice , though , that when left in the sun for a long time the color tends to fade a little.This is probably more adapted for a larger animal -LRB- iguana , bearded dragon -RRB- and perhaps not one that climbs walls -LRB- gecko , frog , etc. -RRB- However , I am quite happy with the product and very glad I bought it.Side note
 I bought this explorarium because i would be traveling to costa rice with my iguana and i needed a quick little setup for when we got there . so i ordered this product . it shipped fast and with no damage at all ! when i opened up the box i was very pleased that it was large ! it is larger then what the picture displays so thats very nice ! it is a solid structure and perfect for a travel cage ! i am soo happy i bought it . well worth the money !!
 This Oster stiff grooming brush really lifts the deep dirt and dust in my horse 's coat . I am finding that my horses no longer puff up a cloud of dust when I pat them in the winter -LRB- when there is less grooming and NO bathing -RRB- . I like it ten times better than my old , standard shaped wooden brushes . The ergonomically shaped , padded back makes it much easier to hold and to use . I have chronic tendonitis in my hands and this brush is great . Plus -- it WORKS !
 This brush works well for mud removal when used in conjunction with a good curry comb . *********** THREE YEAR UPDATE *********************** After three years of regular use , this Oster brush is still in excellent condition and works as well as it did when it was new . We use a variety of Oster brushes on our Percheron and Mustangs daily .
 this is the second of these brushes I 've owned . the first lasted for three years , using it on all of my four horses . It finally just wore out . Great quality , great price .
 Please with the outcome . Exactly as what is being advertised . Other brush was not doing the job on my pet . This is a fantastic grooming brush
 Well I have a `` horse of a dog '' and wanted a soft bristle finishing brush , this one fits the bill . Couldnt find an actual dog brush that had this type of soft packed bristles for getting that last layer of loose hair & dust off but this one works great . Soft enough to brush my Great Dane 's face and belly too !
 This brush gets all the dust off of your horse , and makes them shiny . I once groomed a horse who had very sensitive skin and he LOVED this brush ! I was his favorite ! This is the best soft horse brush money can buy .
 This Oster soft grooming brush really gets the final dust off and leaves a shine on my horses . The shaped , padded back makes it much easier to hold and to use . I have chronic tendonitis in my hands and this brush is a vast improvement over my old , standard shaped , wood ones . Plus -- it WORKS !
 My dachshund loves this brush . She would stay for as long as I had the strength to keep brushing -- so , Nora , would like to offer five barks -LRB- instead of stars -RRB- for this product !
 Nice brush for short coat dogs . Only issue is that the hog hair keeps falling out . I tried to get the loose hair out as much as possible , but I still have to wipe the hog hair off my dog every time I use it .
 I 've always been using this dental care kit for my dog ever since she was a puppy . She loves it and she anticipates when it is her teeth brushing time . The extra long toothbrush is convenient to use and it is non-obtrusive . The toothpaste smells like mint . My pet uses no other dental care except this one .
 I got this product for my little Doxie . The toothbrush is soft and he does n't seem to mind the taste of the paste . Good buy for th money
 I have used a lot of the flat curry combs and this is MUCH better . Much easier to hold . Gets dirt and mud off better . Holds more hair , yet is very easy to get hair out simply by tapping on flat surface . Can be aggresive , but simply using more or less pressure solves that issue . Good for massages as well . Bought 2 and am buying more .
 I bought this curry comb as part of the oster 7-piece package . It works really well for getting mud and fine dirt out of coats . I like it because I do n't need to use a lot of force to get good results -LRB- pressing very gently and going in a circular pattern brings up just as much dirt as a traditional rubber curry -RRB- , making it great for thin-skinned horses . Provides a nice massage too .
 I LOVE this curry comb . It works about as well as any other really good curry comb . However , what is so wonderful about this one is that it seems to be ergonomic or something . It makes it really easy to really give the horse a good rubdown all over without hurting your wrist . I 've been able to spend a lot more time currying , which has been great while my horse has been shedding .
 This curry is stiff but the rubber grips the loose hair from the horse and gives a massage at the same time . The handle is a little awkward and you have to get used to it . High quality item too , this will last a long time .
 My horse loves it and me too ! Good product . Very handy , efficace and not to hard for the horse 's skin . Durable too and very easy to clean .
 This is great . Exactly what I needed . Tied a ribbon to them , attached them to the door and trained my new puppies to ring when they are ready to go out . It works like a charm !
 Reasonable price and a good product . The size is perfect to use on my dog while pheasant hunting , so I know where he is at in the tall brush .
 Loud and distinct , this bell works to tell me someone has entered my door . Well made , different from everyone else , and pretty .
 I have 2 dogs and one is a puppy with severe elbow dysplasia ... these work wonders ! I brought them to my Vet and he approved . Also for my 12 year old Lab it has helped her wonderfully as she is starting hip dysplasia symptons ! Great !!!! A + PRODUCT
 What more can I say than that Nina likes the biscuits?Happy dog = happy owner .
 i am not sure if they are helping with her joint pain or not as she is very old but my dogs love them !!!!! highly recommend !
 First Impression
 Great for my dogs but too large for my small dogs -LRB- 3-10 lbs -RRB- . Thought I was ordering the appropriate size . Either I did not read the product close enough or the description was lacking . The wafers themselves are excellent .
 I have two bichon dogs ages 7 and 5 . My five year old has clicking joints and I thought I 'd try these . So far they 're still clicking but both dogs LOVE these treats . I think I 'll have to get joint food as well as the treats . Treats worked before alone . For the price and how the dogs like these I plan on reordering them . I break them in half most of the time since they are nice size even with the `` small '' size .
 These bones really do help with my dog 's arthritis in her hips . I can tell a difference in her when we run out of bones . I highly recommend this product and starting out with their other products which are preventative .
 My mare gets the worst tangles ! I broke our last brush at the handle and that was with detangler spray ! This one is very sturdy , we have n't even broken a single bristle . The handle is comfy , and is easy to use . Highly recommend !
 This is the last mane & tail brush I will need to buy . The ergonomic handle is well balanced and makes working through matted hair easy for me and comfortable for my horse . The sturdy pin heads are well anchored and the rubber areas on the head and handle give you a sure grip . It 's sturdy and well made . I have given this brush some tough jobs and all the pins are still intact and It 's been through many washings . Do not hesitate to purchase this Oster Mane & Tail Brush - it 's an excellent value at this price - and you most likely will never need to replace it .
 Ordered it and they said it was on back order , So when it come on Christmas eve . I cant tell you how happy I was since I bought it to go with the Mane and braids book , Our horse lover was very happy to find this under the tree .
 Appears to be a quality product . I bought this as a Christmas present for someone and it seems very sturdy and should last quite a while .
 This mane and tail brush is awesome ! It fits well in the hand and you definitely have more control then a comb . Knots come right out with ease , no pulling necessary . My mare 's tail is prone to curl when she is out in the pasture and this tool allows me to almost effortlessly brush out her long thick flowing tail . A process that sometimes took over an hour , now takes about 10 minutes ! All of our horses ' manes and tails look full and healthy after using the Oster brush . I will never use another mane and tail brush.I wish it came in purple or black , but that is pretty minor .
 I received the Oster Mane & Tail Brush as a gift . I use it more than any other cleaning tool . If I do a quick clean up on my horses sometimes it is the only tool I use . It makes a pretty good curry comb , then a rough brush , then does a great job on the mane and tail . The handle is especially ergonomically superior for my sore hands . I have purchased this brush to give as gifts now myself .
 Not much to say but I bought two of these brushes ! One for my sister and myself . This is the greatest brush for manes and tails I have ever used . It is so much easier ergonomically that it is unbelievable . No tired hands from brushing the tangles out either . If you are in the market for a Equine brush you do n't have to look any farther . I was amazed how easy this brush is on the hands with no cramping after even doing 4 horses . Amazon 's prices were the best.PS I thought Oster only made blenders!lol
 This is a substantial , nicely made brush with a great grip . I have never been disappointed with the Oster brand .
 Works great on manes and tails , though think it is better for tails . I may get a rectangular , finer , brush for the mane . This brush is durable though !
 This mane and tail brush is excellent . Easy to hold on to , and combs through manes and tails of horses almost effortlessly .
 This brush is the greatest . I will never go back to using a comb or brush !
 This brush is wonderful for using on horses with long , thick manes and tails . I use it in combination with a grooma swivel-teeth comb and have great results!One thing I 've noticed is that , within 2 months of regular use , the end-caps on some of the brush bristles have begun to come off . This leaves a bristle with a rather sharp point on the end.This brush has been my favorite to use and , despite some of the end-caps coming off , I would recommend it to others !
 This is honestly the BEST mane and tail brush there is ! It works far better than combs , because it has more surface area . The handle is great . It 's like a big round comb . It 's great for shows , or just lessons when I 'm in a hurry and want to untangle manes and tails quickly without pulling out a bunch of hair . I once accidently left mine out at my trainer 's farm , and the next week when I came back to get it it was full of horse hair ! There is no doubt that horses and people will think this is the greatest mane and tale brush there is.Buy this product , your horse will thank you ! = -RRB-
 This mane and tail brush works great . Especially , on my mare 's tail . It 's handle is easy to hold and it gets the tangles out faster and easier the the old style combs .
 thank you so much i really like this feeder and the crickets are happy climbing on it too . Happy crickets while they live
 Ever try to give your dog a bath ? It wiggles out in the yard and gets dirt and ticks all over the fur -- stickers , too -- before you can ever dry it off . Mom and dad used the bathtub to clean our dog -- mine ! To this day a pile of grease and dirt is so stained on the porcelain we can never clean it off . Heck , I only take showers in it , it 's SO dirty . This waterless pet cleaning brush worked fine . It 's easy to use and it lifts all the tick and lice eggs off the pet without hurting or infecting it with wetness . It also keeps the fur from matting up and will untangle a lot of matting in the hair . Our dog is gone now after almost twenty years . She lived that long because we used this brush instead of a bath where dogs pick up colds , fevers , and more ticks afterwards . Experts say you should almost never give your pet a bath -- it dissolves natural protective oils in the fur . Of course , injury or exposure to a lot of dirt are exceptions .
 This small , but effective unit will keep your pet off furniture , counter tops , and away from the trash bin , in a humane way . An effective training tool for better control of your pet , the base unit of this devise is placed in the area you want to protect from your pet . The base unit will have a range of 1.83m-3m -LRB- 6 ' -10 ' -RRB- . After you set the pet selector switch to either dog or cat , the small transmitter is then placed on the pet 's collar . When the pet enters the protected zone , the base unit emits and ultrasonic tone warning your pet to stay away . This tone is inaudible to humans and safe for pets .
 This small , but effective unit will keep your pet off furniture , counter tops , and away from the trash bin , in a humane way . An effective training tool for better control of your pet , the base unit of this devise is placed in the area you want to protect from your pet . The base unit will have a range of 1.83m-3m -LRB- 6 ' -10 ' -RRB- . After you set the pet selector switch to either dog or cat , the small transmitter is then placed on the pet 's collar . When the pet enters the protected zone , the base unit emits and ultrasonic tone warning your pet to stay away . This tone is inaudible to humans and safe for pets .
 Its detangles quickly ! Great for everyday grooming or show ! I highly recommend oster products to anyone who owns horses ! Enjoy !
 I have the mane/tail brush but wanted to also use a comb on my horse 's tail . This comb is built strong and has a secure grip handle . I have several grooming items by Oster , my favorite brand for grooming .
 Use this comb for getting out the tangles and knots that come with grooming horses . I usually will put something into the tail and mane before using this comb first so that their is less damage to the tail or mane . But , overall good comb .
 These bowls are awesome ! They fit on the side of the crates so that you do n't have to put the food/water bowls on the floor of the crate , which is nice if you have smaller dogs -LRB- smaller crates -RRB- . They 're easy to install and you can remove the bowls from the hanger to fill with food and water and to clean .
 What a lifesaver this ionic brush is . And my terrier loves to smell the fresh air that comes out of it , it calms her down . Plus she smells sweet after I use it all over her , what a blessing ! It makes less frequent washing possible . And that means less soap irritation and scratching . I brush her slowly and gently with this , after using her normal hair brush to get out knots etc. . I ca n't imagine why these other reviewers did n't like it . Did they forget to insert a battery ?! Maybe they used it in the `` off '' position!PS , I got one for me too . Fab !
 My cats actually jockey for the spot in this bed ! It 's the right size for a nice `` curl up '' and is super easy to clean -- just toss the cover into the wash . I like , too , that it 's deep . My cats have other sheepskin beds that are only about 2 '' tall and they 've abandoned them to fight over this one . Cats . Sigh .
 This device worked for a while to keep my cat off of the car . After a while , I just got tired of putting it on the car every night .
 Like I said , its great . I put 20lbs in the vittle vault and its perfect , mind you I ordered the 30 pound soft store filled it with small chunks for toy dogs . You ca n't put much more than a 20lb bag in it . But I really like it being soft and portable with a handle .
 I bought two containers at the same time ... this soft side container and a hard plastic container on wheels . I will use this soft store collapsible product for traveling with our dog , but not for everyday use because I like the other product better for everyday use . I like the other product better for everyday use because it is easy to open an close with one hand , it moves , and is easy to pour food into.The soft side container will be great for road trips because it can be sized .
 IT WORKS PERFECTLY , IT IS DURABLE AND IT PREVENTS THE ROOM FROM SMELLING LIKE DOG FOOD . I RECOMMEND IT TO EVERYBODY !!!
 Keeps food fresh . Plenty of space for a couple regular sized bags of dog food.Minus a star , because some mice/rats chewed through the bag . Luckily this was only $ 10 when I bought it .
 This is great storage for the big -LRB- 20 lb -RRB- bag of cat food . The ants do n't get in , the food stays fresher , and it is much easier to store than the original food bag . Having two colors works great for keeping types of cat food separate -LRB- adult cat , senior cat , etc. -RRB- As the food is used , the collapsing sides makes it easy to reach the remaining food . Since the food is sealed inside -LRB- assuming you close the lid -RRB- the cats do n't smell the food and try to get inside the bag . Makes life SO much easier not having to deal with the original rip-prone food bag .
 The picture needs to be updated because it is a little confusing by the two bags that are different sizes . The 50lb is the larger one . Perfect . Easy twist top but not easy enough for my daughter to get into . You can push out the air and the dog food stays fresh . Easy to take on travel too . Could n't ask for more .
 I bought this , because I buy in bulk , and this is working great at storing , dried beans , sugar , flour , etc :-RRB- and I love how it does n't take up much space .
 This is such a good space saver , and holds the dog food , that I bought it for . I love how easy it is to get the top off .
 Very nicely designed product . Hard to tell the size of it in images without size referents - stands about 18 '' tall , about 12 '' across.Lid is the size of the entire top and large crosshatch design on the surface makes it very easy to open and close . Soft-sided , so it will collapse as it empties . We did not like that aspect , so we simply inserted a large metal popcorn tin as a stiffener.We 're pleased with it , and would not hesitate to buy another one .
 I bought this to transport dog food for extended trips . It held an entire 30lb bag of dog food . The bag is made of a tough material with a plastic liner . It has an `` air-tight '' screw on lid . I can not comment on whether it is indeed airtight or not . I like how the bag seems to shrink to fit the contents inside . No complaints so far . Glad I purchased it .
 This is a great way to store your dog food so it stays fresh and insect free . It collapes as you use the food which is nice . Just do n't tighten the lid so much or you 'll have a heck of a time getting it off .
 I have two which I purchased on sale . I use them to store dog food and dry food stuffs -LRB- rice , beans -RRB- . So far they are tough -LRB- 100 pounds of rice and dried beans in one -RRB- and easy to use and look at .
 I bought two of these on a whim since I was tired of looking at huge , open bags of cat and dog food in the pantry . I have found they are wonderful for keeping pet food fresher and keeping the mess down when I have to replenish the food bowls . The large , re-sealable tops close with little effort and really seal in the freshness . Since we had a new puppy that was tearing into the bags , these have been a godsend .
 This is a nice bag with an inner liner to store dog food in . Screwing the top on and off is very easy and the strap makes carrying the container easier than carrying a regular bag of dog food . We have n't gone through all of the food in the bag but the bag definitely `` shrinks '' as the amount of food goes down . It also does appear to be fairly air tight and I do n't see how ants or other bugs/critters could get into the bag as long as the lid is on tightly.The instructions say to hang this on a door handle -LRB- or something similar -RRB- to fill it , but I refuse to hang up to 30 lbs . on a door handle -LRB- unnecessary strain on the handle -RRB- . So , I put it on the floor and slowly poured the food into the bag . I had to stop often to shake the food around and lift the sides to make more room , but it was n't too horrible . Had my husband been home , I would have held the sides of the bag while he poured the food.I gave this product four stars simply because it does not hold 30 lbs . of our dogs ' current food -LRB- Science Diet Prescription Diet w/d -RRB- . And when I say it will not fit , I put as much in as I could then shook and spun the bag to add more food to the point that I could barely screw the lid on . Additional shaking and spinning yielded no additional room . It * may * hold 30 lbs . of a different brand or possibly cat food , but not our food . Since we previously just left the food right in the original bag , we 're now filling this container with as much food as will fit and leaving the rest in the original bag . We finish off the original bag then move to the food in this container.Despite not holding 30 lbs . -LRB- again , of our current dog food -RRB- , I do recommend this product as being convenient and easy to handle , move , etc.UPDATE -LRB- July 23 , 2008 -RRB-
 I 've tried a few dog food storage bins and this one is my favorite so far . Has a thick washable lining and seems well made . Collapses as the food is used up - less air should mean less spoilage and allows you to reach the bottom easily . The best part is the lid which goes on and off with a flick of the wrist and has a tight bug-proof fit without any gasket flopping around like some of the others I 've owned . And the carry strap is handy and appears well attached . I 've had bins on wheels but they were not substantial . Had trouble rolling over anything - including the grout space between the tiles on our kitchen floor - and always threatened to tip over . The reason it gets 4 stars instead of 5 is that the `` up to '' 50lb capacity rating is a bit optimistic . I buy in 30lb bags -LRB- Science Diet small bites -RRB- and it fits nicely with about 15-20 % spare capacity.Update 10/10/2008Today I threw this bag out and went back to using my old plastic bin on wheels . I keep the dog food in my garage and some rodent -LRB- s -RRB- found this thing and chewed a hole in the side . I tried hanging it up on a hook but this would cause the lid to pop out of place overnight . Do n't like rodents and their poop in my house . Not sure I can rodent proof my garage door so I 'm eliminating the food source instead .
 I have looked for a storage container for my dog food for quite awhile . I hate the idea of having some ugly plastic bin in my kitchen , so I 've opted just to keep it in the dog food bag . Ugly - yes , but somehow better than spending additional money -LRB- some bins are very expensive -RRB- just to continue seeing an ugly container . My Soft Store container arrived today and I could n't wait to try it out . First - bravo for creating a low profile storage container . My large 35lb bag of dog food stood out like a sore thumb . This storage container comes to just below my knee and is no bigger round than an average kitchen trash can . Compare it in size to one of those Igloo water jugs that football players always dump on their coaches - only about 2/3 the size . Also , while it did n't hold the entire bag of food - because my food bag comes in 35lb size - it does n't matter to me . I poured most of the bag in the container and then will use up the rest of the bag until it 's gone and then I 'll switch to the fresh food in the container . One word of advise ... I suggest that you put the bag on the door handle just long enough to put some food in the bottom of the container . That gives it a foundation upon which you can fill the rest of the container without spillage . Putting the container on the door handle for the complete fill process puts unnecessary strain on the door handle and also on the sides of the container where the strap attaches . I expect that it would only take a few times before the plastic broke . Not only that , but as the bag fills and pushes against the door , the strap creaps across the handle . Mine nearly fell off , which would have changed this review considerably if I had to clean up 30lbs of dog food.BTW - secondary use for this bag would be as a big ice / drink container for picnics or tailgating . Not thermal , but would certainly hold a couple of bags of ice and several cans of soda/beer no problem , and the strap handle makes this much easier to manage than a cooler .
 We just traveled around the country with our 2 large breed dogs and this thing was awesome ! We were tight on room in our vehicle so we loved that it collapsed as the amount of food went down . We had no problem storing 30 pounds of kibble in it . I was initially concerned about the handle being able to support that much weight but we lugged it everywhere and it was n't a problem . It 's not completely airtight but it does seal very , very well . The lid goes on and off easily and we even stored our dog bowls in it . I would n't use this for everyday storage but for travel it is indispensable ! Highly recommended .
 Owned this product for 1 month . Seals exceptionally well , is fully air tight , and stores easily . Need two hands to open it - one on the lid and one on the bag rim ; I have a weak hand and I struggle to open it . It collapses well as it is emptied , so the food does n't go stale . Filled with 30 lbs of a dense dog food -LRB- Solid Gold -RRB- , and bag was filled ~ 2/3 to 3/4 full .
 This product is FABULOUS ! It keeps our dog food fresh for as long as it takes our 5lb . dog to go through her food -LRB- at least 6 month usually -RRB- . And it collapses down as the food gets lower . I am an organization near-expert and this product is on my list of must-haves with a pet ! It allows for great storage of dog food in a small space without attracting unwanted moisture or critters ... and it looks nice ! I 'm buying one for my mom and brother now ! : -RRB-
 Excellent product . Doesnt quite hold 30 lbs of purina one but perfect for 20lb bags . Seals great and keeps food fresh . Arrived in great condition . I would have no problem recommending this product to others .
 The Soft Store Collapsible Food Storage Container is just what I was looking for . It is well constructed and easy to operate . It only takes a damp sponge to wipe it down and keep clean . There is a strong handle for lifting and the top is phenomenal . It twists on/off with ease -LRB- and I have a little carpal tunnel -RRB- and makes a tight seal . The best part is the way the bag collapses down to the amount of food in the container , restricting air getting in to make the food go stale . I am completely pleased with this product , it takes up limited space , and does as advertised . Worth the price , for sure .
 I bought the original Roger 's Soft Store -LRB- dry storage system -RRB- back in 1998 . It gave me good use for 12 years , when it started to get worn and the dogs were able to get into it and rip it . I was determined to replace it and looked at what was available in the catalogs and could not find it . I was delighted to find it here but admit I was skeptical as to whether I could still find the same quality ... you know `` they do n't make things like they used to '' and when products get sold and renamed and updated , they 're never the same ! I ordered mine and when I received it I was delighted to find that it had all of the same qualities as the previous one ! It has a tough canvas outer shell -LRB- the color is slightly different from my old green one -RRB- ; the hard plastic lid spins on and off with EASE ; it holds 30 pounds of my dog food without a problem . I think this soft store might even be better than the old one ! I like that they eliminated the little indentations going all around the lid that can just collect dust . This lid is a little more streamlined . This dog food bag is well worth the money and easy to handle , fill and store ! I plan on buying another one soon , strictly for show trips as this one is for every day home use . Thank you Amazon for having this great product available !
 Bought this brush for a friend , for her animals . She 's used it on almost all of them so far , and it works very well . She has n't had any trouble with it at all.The cats do n't like it though . They `` think it is going to eat them '' . A smaller brush with softer bristles might work better for them.The dogs and horses love it !
 The Ionic Brush is the most Amazing brush ever . Before we used it on thebeautiful Lab dog . We tried it on ourselves and WOW , Our hair was shinierthan you can imagine.When we used it on the dog , she looked wonderful and smelled great , she was so relaxed with the brushing . She often goes to a near by pond to swim , after brushing you would never know she had gotten wet and dirty . Your brush is great . Let me know when you are giving them away , cause I want to be in the front of the line . This is well worth your time to try this brush .
 I 've used the brush only a few times . When turned on , one can smell the ionized air . I question that this alone will keep a dog clean . But , my dog likes being brushed . I will still give her a bath as required . I may change my opinions as time passes .
 hiI used it since first moment -LRB- 5 minutes every day if I can -RRB- cause ' my puppy has a problem with fleas and ticks -LRB- I live in Florida where this little things are by dozen -RRB- and I do n't want to try chemicals on himusually I used to find a couple fleas but after used for 20 days I did n't find anything none zero ticks or evenfleas I am so happy for that and of course my doggy is too !!! HolaCompre este cepillo porque mi cachorro tenia pulgitas y garrapatas no era una cantidad mayor pero me preocupaba una infestasionvivo en una zona tropical donde abundan y no queria tampoco tratar de usar el tipico mata pulgas por los quimicos que sonmuy fuertes asi que use el cepillo desde el primer momento y despues de 20 dias de uso ba & ntilde ; e a mi perrito y no encontre nada de pulgas fue genialLO RECOMIENDO PERO HAY QUE SER CONSTANTE
 I am so satisfi with the brush thank you guys so much I do n't know what else to say I like the product
 I use this on my German Shepherd to remove the outdoor doggy smell he sometimes has but this brush is worthless for removing hair . I use the Furminator for hair removal . It is OK for neutralizing pet odor but I think $ 30 was expensive for such an average product .
 When I pick up the brush both my dogs fight to be first . My Chow has long hair that is always in knots on her backside . This brush just plowed right through them and she never even seem to notice . My Malamute thinks I have nothing better to do than use it on her . It completely got rid of the odors . My dogs rate it their second favorite thing in the house just under their food . The most amazing thing was I had to buy a second brush as I found by accident that it works for me too . I have very long hair that gets knotted very easy . In a hurry one day I picked up their brush and in seconds the knot was gone . No pulling no ripping of hair . If you have the same trouble I suggest you give it a try . Would be Super for kids .
 I am a Professional Pet Sitter so I am always looking for ways to spoil my little buddies . I tried using this brush on my clients after hearing about it from a friend . The majority of them really seem to enjoy the massage and it seemed to have a calming effect on them . A few others ran from it , but with their curiosity they came back and after a few attempts they too seemed to enjoy it . I have only a few pets that still run from it . -LRB- Bad grooming experience ? -RRB- There is another brush by the same company without the massage capability that makes no noise at all . I plan try that one on those pets that were afraid of this one.As far as the claim that it helps to keep the pets coat clean , I can not say much about that yet . I would guess that any brush used to groom will help keep the pets coat cleaner , but if it does what it claims , then it is well worth the money . I always leave my clients with a massage or brushing so they are calmed down after all the stimulus from our playtime . If the claims are not accurate , it is still good for relaxing them.I would recommend this product for a good way to relax a pet while brushing them . It seems to help even the most hyper pet relax and brushing gives you good quality time with them as well as being beneficial towards their personal hygiene -LRB- if they are not afraid of it -RRB- . It is easy to clean between each pet so that is a plus . Time will tell as far as if it has any noticeable cleaning ability .
 This massage brush certainly lives up to the hype . I installed the battery and turned it on . My dogs were curious at first and when I tried it out on them they stood still and seemed to enjoy the massage . I certainly enjoyed their fresh-smelling coats . Both of my large dogs have long hair and , while the massage brush does not brush much hair out , it does make the musky smell go away and they seem fresh-smelling for a while after I use it .
 Both my dogs and my cats love this brush ! Initially bought it on HSN , and when I needed another and I could n't find it there any longer , I panicked ! My pets love this massaging brush . It clearly feels wonderful to them ! It can put them to sleep sometimes . And my cat will rub up against the basket I keep it in to let me know she needs a fix of the massaging brush and she is much happier and more content afterward . The motor is very quiet and does n't bother any of them . I have given these as gifts to other pet owners and they make great gifts ! And when one of my sister 's dogs was dying , this brush gave him great comfort . God Bless them all !
 Besides the strong production of ions , which eliminates that outside dog odor , our dog enjoys the massage and eagerly looks forward to being brushed
 At first they were skiddish when I turned on the brush . NOW , they push each other out of the way to get groomed with this brush , actually lifting up their legs to ensure they get belly rubs . I brought one for myself as it does a great job if you ca n't shampoo your hair . ***** 5 stars !
 I am so impressed by how much my dogs love this brush . They are usually so afraid of anything that makes noise or `` feels funny '' . As soon as I get this brush out , they come running . I do n't even have to turn it on . They LOVE it.The ionizing part of the brush really works . They smell very fresh after using it.I think the messaging part of the brush is the part they enjoy most . I have a very large dog and a very small dog . Both are equally enthusiastic about the brush.The only reason I did n't give the brush 5 stars is because the brush part is just ok . The bristles are very far apart and may be great for long haired dogs , but are just not that effective for my short hair dogs.I love the brush , but more importantly my dogs love it.Definately worth purchasing .
 My dog rings this to go out or come in and people are shocked all the time that my dog does this . This is an excellent product . I love it . Except in the winter when there is static in the air and the bell goes off without anyone ringing it ... Oh well .
 Great little tool . Very easy to train the dog -- assuming you have easily trainable dogs . Have n't had any problems as some reviews have noted , but it 's pretty new for us .
 Despite mixed reviews on many doggie doorbells , we bought a chime and paw stomper switch to stem our youngest hound from scratching up our door . My wife had her doubts ... and we own three bassets ... noted in dogdom as one of the more dim breeds when it comes to doggie IQs . However , our youngest -LRB- 3 years old -RRB- picked it up in two days . Our next oldest -LRB- 4 years -RRB- picked it up in four days -LRB- by example ? -RRB- . Are oldest -LRB- 10 years old -RRB- has not . However , he is a lazy boy who only goes out a few times a day compared to the youngsters and usually heads for the door when he hears the chime by the other two . Although the chime sounds like a typical doorbell , they know the difference between the doggie chime and real doorbell too.Note
 My dogs trained on this thing so quickly it was amazing . As other reviewers have noted , sometimes the paws stop working . I assume it may be overuse in my household , as one of my dogs LOVES to be outside , and will ring the door bell often . And if you happen to be in the bathroom or otherwise occupied that you ca n't instantly respond to his command , he 'll put his paw on the `` PAW '' and let it ring until he gets let out . It 's sooo cute ! Yes , it drives my husband & me crazy , but I allow my dogs to drive me crazy , cuz I 'm such a nut when it comes to lovin ' my dogs ! However , getting back to the paws that stop working , sometimes it 's a matter of the button sticking , and you just need to play around with it . And other times it just wo n't work . If it 's within a year of purchase , you just have to contact Lentek -LRB- via email -RRB- , and with proof of purchase they 'll send you a replacement . I 've had one fail after two years , and another after 11 months . They promptly replaced the 11 month old unit . I keep an extra ` paw ' as a spare in case it happens again . An added benefit is if you 're stuck on the phone & want to get off , this thing sounds just like the front door bell ... sooooo ... get the idea ... ???
 I bought this for my sister and her new puppy ... mostly to train my sister , the puppy was already trained to go to the kitchen door -- but would never bark or make any kind of sound , so if my sister was n't paying attention , the poor puppy would burst over the kitchen floor by the door.The puppy immediately was intrigued by the door bell and would press on it , but the WOOF WOOF sound it made attracted the puppy to the reciever and it would loose focus on the need to go outside ... so my sister put the reciever right near the door bell 's paw to help the pup stay focused , which worked.A twist tho -- my sister just informed me that the puppy has learned to bark WOOF WOOF when she needs to go outside !!! The doorbell taught the puppy to bark when she needs to go out ! The pup that was completely silent , now goes to the kitchen door , sniffs at the door bell 's paw , then imitates it 's WOOF WOOF ... and yes , now my sister is perfectly trained to respond to the barking ! = -RRB-
 We easily trained one of our cats to ring the bell , rather than our having to install a cat door . He has used it , even when remodeling required moving it to a new location . However , our second cat does n't use it at all , though he seems to know what it 's for . It turns out to be a conversation piece in our home !
 I have a two and a half year old Havapoo -LRB- half Havanese , half Poodle -RRB- . She learned how to press the paw on command in about two days . It 's a great device but I wish the area that gives out the sound was a bit bigger and a bit more touch sensitive . There were times when she pressed the side or she would n't press hard enough , and she would wonder why she was not getting rewarded . It took her a few days to learn how to press it using the right pressure . Anyway , overall , it 's a neat product . She is now pressing it proactively to get us to take her outside for potty .
 Works very well but it was overpriced considering I bought the chime with the bell -LRB- the complete set -RRB- for the same price . I guess I did n't read closely enough to know that I was only getting the paw and not the chime . Shipped quickly however and was new in box .
 We love our pet chime . It took a little time to train our dog on it but now it 's the only thing he uses to tell us he wants to go out . It 's also a great conversation piece when company is over . We 've had ours for over 1 year and changed the batteries in the receiver once and have n't had any problems . We 're getting an extra paw !
 I hung 2 big jingle bells on a sturdy ribbon by the door & it accomplishes the same thing with no batteries to worry about ! Consistantly ring the bell before opening the door and he 'll learn in 2 or 3 days !
 This is the extra chime that you can purchase if you already have the receiver . I am purchasing another one because it 's working so well . I am a professional dog trainer , and all I can say is that the product is great , but that owners who do not know how to teach something to their dogs probably should call a dog trainer for help with this if you are unsure how to proceed.As a professional dog trainer , I still live with my family members who are decidedly not dog trainers . Our toy poodle was essentially house-trained when I was home , but because my teenagers and husband were oblivious to her subtle signals that she needed to go out , she ended up peeing in front of the door , because nobody was letting her out . So , I got the Lentek Door Chime , and taught my dog to use it , and now no more accidents because she is signaling in a way that everybody can hear . We also put the pad outside so she can signal to come back in . Everybody is happy . Now I 'm getting another pad for upstairs , because we still have oblivious teens and hubby ... So , great product , but be sure that you have * both * parts of the product , and give a good trainer a call to help you get started .
 Easy to use . Our dog learned how to use it reliably in a couple of days . No directions came with it , we called our trainer and asked how to do it .
 I just love these pet paws and chime . My Havanese has been using them since we got him . He lets us know when he wants out and I have one at each door outside so he also lets us know when he wants in . When he wants to come in he just stands on it until you let him in . I get the chuckles every time he does it and it 's been almost 2 years . Just love the product !!!!!
 It takes a little patience to get the dog to use it , at first she thought is was a treat machine , but eventually she realized it meant go outside . Works very well .
 Molded from superhard resin . Painted very nice . Size perfect . Much better quality than you think it 's going to be . Get it .
 This is even better in person , my betta loves to rest on the curved roof and paired with a mini bonzai tree , this looks very nice
 Great for my cat that ca n't pace himself when eating . Also , great for if I 'm gone overnight for two nights . The downside , it 's kind of difficult to take apart to refill the dish unless you sit there and push the button to move it ahead -LRB- then the cat thinks it 's feeding time and is super confused -RRB- .
 Directions for use were unclear . I had to call the phone number given to ask questions twice . Once I had it together and figured out how to use it , it worked well ... until my one cat learned how to open it and get to the food without waiting for the timer to open the next section . After 2 days of use , he now can get to all 6 compartments within minutes of the filled feeder being set on the floor ! My other cat waits until the whirring noise announces the next compartment being opened , and races towards the now empty feeder .
 We got this for our bunnies to feed them when we are gone . We 've used this probably a dozen time , and every time I 'm afraid it will malfunction so I have people come down to check on the bunnies but it always works ! I did draw an arrow on it so i could figure out what way it turns - thus if I only want to fill up 1/2 the containers . It would be nice if it was made with the arrow - but a Sharpie works just as well .
 It works great , I just wish the top was clear so when my neighbors came to see if it was working they could see food had been used . Instead they just left cat more food ! I have now used it twice when leaving for a business trip , used with wet food for an old cat . When I came home it was empty . The onl other challenge is that you have to start the timer the day you leave at the time you want it to feed . You can only pick from 6 , 12 , 24 hours.So I turned it on 24 when I fed cat at 6am ...
 We bought this in advance of a 3-day vacation . The odd thing is that , fresh out of the box , the advance button did n't work . So , we did n't know if the thing was busted or what , but we left it turned on and waited to see if it would move according to the schedule . It did , and after it 's first automatic turn , the button started working . Good thing , too , because we would n't have had time to return it and get a new one shipped to us in time for our vacation . When we returned from vacation , it had done its job - all meals dispensed , and kitty greeted us with no desperation or disdain . Concerning other notes , yes , it takes a bit of force to really lock it down , but once it is secured , it holds strong .
 this is great for my outside kitty she used to meow till i brought out food now i just keep it filled and its quiet outside ... nice . product was well made and easy to use
 I 've had this feeder for 3 years and the motor just died . I think that 's a pretty good run for my money , so I 'm going to buy a new one . We have an overweight cat who used to keep us up all night when he was hungry , since we put him on a diet . After months of this , I bought this feeder and my fiance and I were finally able to sleep through the night ! It was a lifesaver . Cons of this device are that it 's loud , every once in awhile the motor freaks out and the thing starts acting possessed and going forward and backward randomly -LRB- usually means it needs a new battery but this time it meant that the motor had died -RRB- , and it only lasts 1.5 days if you feed every 6 hours . i also would like if there was a clock on it for setting feeding times . Overall , very happy with this thing though . It gave me back my uninterrupted nights of sleep .
 This feeder is the first I 've tried and so far so good . It would be better if it had a clock timer so that you could set the exact time you want it to open , rather than having to set it 6 , 12 or 24 hours before you want it to open . However I chose this one over a clock timer feeder as it had better reviews , and I suppose the battery should last longer without having to power a complex clock . Our cat got used to the feeder within about a week and now knows that the whirring sound means food . We use it in the mornings as our cat demands food at 5.30 am . I did have to wake up one morning at 5.30 to set it on the 24-hour cycle and it 's been reliable since then -LRB- knock on wood -RRB- . At night I just pop the lid -LRB- hold the bottom of the feeder on each side of the opening and use your thumbs to pop up the white cover -RRB- and put the food in for the morning . Fingers crossed it will keep working well . It would be great if the company looked into creating mains-powered feeders with a proper clock timer in future .
 We bought this in preparation for a trip over Christmas and it worked perfectly . We tested it for a few days prior to leaving to be sure that we could trust it while gone for 5 days and it worked great . Filled it completely with food and programmed it to rotate every 24 hours and it did exactly that .
 I love this automatic feeding dish . I have an elderly cat that can only eat wet or moist food . I filled each tray with wet food and set for a 12 hour interval . Could leave for 3 days and he would be automatically fed . Had a relative check to make sure it worked as advertised . It worked great !!
 It 's worked as advertised , so far . My cat has to have soft food , so we were concerned about overnighters . It has rotated as advertised -LRB- we have on 6 hour rotation -RRB- , and there have been no glitches ... . we have used it 6 times so far . No problems .
 This feeder works very well . My cat tried to get in it , and could n't . BUT i only paid at most $ 35 with free shipping . Shop around , do n't spend $ 169 as it is advertised for now .
 My two cats are like goldfish ; they will eat themselves to death . I tried to use an automatic feeder in the past , but it was quickly demolished by one of my cats . The Lentek feeders I bought have been exactly what I wanted . There 's no winding the timer and my cats are showing signs of slowing down on their overeating since they know there 's more coming in six hours -LRB- the setting we use -RRB- . The feeders are durable , efficient , and reliable . Perfect !
 I got this just before we went on a 6-day vacation , and left the unit on the porch set to 12-hours , so it lasted for 3 days , and had neighbors come and refill it for the next 3 days . Seemed to work great , no problems , and we only had to bother our neighbors once during the whole week . We have an overweight cat who will gorge himself if we leave out a whole big bowl of food , so this is wonderful to moderate his portions . Also keeps other animals from getting into the food , since it is n't all left out at once , and our boy cleans the compartment out right away.UPDATE 2012
 The product worked as advertised and I like the unit , except that it is not really a six day feeder , it is day five day feeder . Though there are six dishes , keep in mind that there are only five dishes that can be covered for later feeding , -LRB- there is alway one dish not covered -RRB- . Still after a long weekend away , I found that my cats had been properly fed . In fact , when checking the unit upon coming home , I found that my cats expected food when they heard the sound of the feeder cover turning!In regard to the six day claim , you set the unit to feed by a specific time interval . You have the choice of six hours , twelve hours , and twenty-four hours as the choices of the time interval for feeding . Using the 24 hour setting will feed your pet once a day for five days , with the first feeding coming 24 hours after setting the unit up . Five days is the maximum days you actually can feed your pet , and that feeding will be once a day . I feed my cats twice a day , so using the every 12 hour interval my cats were fed for 2 and a half days.My wife was concerned that when the dish cover turned that it could catch or pinch a cats paw , but the unit stops turning if a finger is placed in a way of the tirning cover , with pressure that wo n't hurt anything . The cover returns to movement once the finger , or a pet 's paw gets out of the way.The clear plastic cover for the timer-section can easily be removed and lost if you are not careful , but once this cover is closed and the unit is ready for use , the cover is securely in place.I only gave four stars not because of the six day claim , but because the written instruction were poorly written . The poorly written instructions made setting up the unit more difficult than it should have been . To get to the battery compartment , unsnapping top cover and unsnapping the timer-section required a bit more force than I expected . This problem could be solved with better instructions , but the instructions provided were just to brief and too badly written , a few well drawn pictures showing how to setup and use the feeder would have been very helpful .
 Pros
 I have only used this a couple of times , but it has worked just fine . It 's a little inconvenient that you ca n't set an actual time , but that 's not such a big deal . I bought it for weekend trips out of town and I think it should work just fine for that . I would n't recommend canned food because there is no way it will stay cold for more than 24 hours -- it 's just small ice packs .
 I bought this dish just to feed my cat her half a can of wet food at 5am so she stops headbutting me in the morning -LRB- she almost broke my nose once , I swear -RRB- and she caught right on . The dish is a little flimsy at the top so I can see if you have an especially hungry cat -LRB- or dog -RRB- that it would break into it , but lucky for me she does n't try to get at the food inside . The two `` cold packs '' inside are really just thin ice packs that you fill with water to freeze , so I do n't know how it would keep wet food `` cold '' for more than a day after the ice melts . The timer is at 6 , 12 , and 24 hours , so when I feed her at 6:30 pm , I just put the cold pack and next morning food in too and turn it on around 11:15 pm to open 6 hours later ; I wish there was an 8 hour setting , but this was a pretty cheap -LRB- cost-wise -RRB- dish so ca n't complain . It 's worked so far , and I actually get to sleep until my alarm goes off at 6:30 . I do n't think I would rely on it for more than 2 nights away from home , though , I would be too worried .
 I love this dish ! It works exactly like advertised . I am able to leave my cat for the weekend and know she ca n't eat all her food for the whole weekend at once . Easy to operate and clean .
 We have had this feeder for five years and ca n't be without it ! We change the battery about once every four months and have had no problems.Our cat has an eating problem . He used to drive us crazy all of the time so we would feed him only to gobble up the food as fast as possible and then throw it back up . This feeder was the perfect solution ! We can give him smaller portions to eat throughout the day while at the same time getting him to associate the feeder with his food and not with us . The result - a happy family and a happy cat !
 This product was perfect for feeding our cat when we were away one weekend . We took to using it daily , just so he would learn to wait for the dish to advance automatically rather than whining at us . This worked really well for a month or so , but now it seems he has learned how to force it to the next segment - not sure how.Overall , a good automatic dish and I like how you can choose the timing -LRB- every 6 hours , 12 hours , or 24 -RRB- .
 I bought the auto feeder because the lady who watched my cat broke her hip . The cost is less than what I found at local pet stores . Since my cat will eat everything put down for her immediately , I needed a controlled delivery system . The cat got used to it on the first try - thus my conclusion she is only a furry stomach . It was a little hard to get it all snapped together , but once together the advance button allows for filling each section without having to take it apart again . I used the 12 hour setting for 2 feedings per day , so it lasted 3 1/2 days for my cat . Now my cat is n't traumatized by being caged and taken to the `` cat sitter '' plus her diet is maintained versus the `` special treats '' I suspect she was getting that contributed to her weight gain . I only feed my cat a dry prescription diet .
 I was originally looking for a 2-meal solution , but elected to purchase this as none of the 2-meal ones were rated all that well . It has served me well thus far . My cat , Dexter was recently diagnosed with a hyper thyroid and we were scheduled to go on a trip for a week . He requires a pill two times a day . I was able to arrange for a family member to visit him each day . They arrived around dinner time and gave him his dinner and pill in the open part of the bowl . Within the next compartment , they prepared his breakfast for the next day along with his pill . It worked out well for us . The bowl itself was very easy to program . I woke up one morning at 5AM to set it so that it would rotate at 5AM going forward . That was one of my only complaints with the bowl - I wish you could just set the starting point rather than have to wait around to set it and turn it on . My other issue was I did struggle to get the battery to shut in cleanly -LRB- it would n't close properly -RRB- . I simply started over and tried again with success . Other than that , it has been a joy to use . Dexter had his pill every morning without issue . It did n't scare him . We had tested it for a few days the week before - first just feeding him in the new bowl with the timer off , and then using the timer . He is a very smart cat and did not figure out how to rotate the bowl ahead of time . I definitely would recommend this for someone that occasionally needs to go away from home for a bit with a cat that requires medication .
 Before making this purchase I wondered how good this product would be since some review that I read at the time of my first purchase were not the most positive . After using the Lentek feeder for a couple of years I continue to be a big fan and in fact purchased another one since I have two cats . This is a terrific automatic feeder that enables you to go away on trips without wondering if your cats are going to have regular meals . I needed a product like this because unfortunately my cats have the bad habit of stuffing themselves if a quantity of food is left out at once . This feeder has never failed to deliver food in accordance to how the timer has been set . The cats quickly learned the meaning of the slight sound that it makes and immediately rush to avail themselves of the food that it dispenses . I might add that it is durable and my cats have never broken into it .
 I bought this feeder so I could go out of town for two nights when no one was able to come by and feed my cat . I 've been using it as my cat 's regular feeding bowl ever since . The feeder has 6 compartments and so lasts 3 days without refilling with it set to feed him twice a day , 12 hours apart . The containers are pretty large . I 've never used the ice pack that comes with it to keep food cold since I only use dry cat food . It works very dependably and gives me the flexibility to not have to come home at a certain time or wake up at a certain time each day to feed my cat . It runs on one 9-volt battery and I 've only had to replace it twice since I bought it 6 months ago . Works great !
 This product has saved us from going crazy . Our cats were waking us up at 4:00 in the morning every day . The feeder works like a charm . The only drawback is that if the cats need to be feed at certain hours , the timer has to be started accordingly . Also , one of my cats turned out to be a little smarter than we thought and he figured out a way to remove the top off . Thanks to one of the reviewers of the product we were able to find a solution to this problem . There are some holes on the bottom of timer and on the bottom tray that match . You simply have to place two 12mm screws through the holes and secure the ends with nuts . The only bad thing about this is when you have to change the battery , you have to remove the screws first to do so .
 About a year ago we bought one of these thinking it might work for wet food for a now-deceased cat . I would suggest that it 's not really ideal at all for wet food except perhaps on the 6-hour setting where it would only be out for just over a day . They give you those ice packs but they 're not going to stay cold for long . If you chill or freeze the food maybe that would help.Anyway , the feeder languished for many months until I hit upon an obvious use for it with the other cat , recently diagnosed with hyperthyroidism . She now has to take half a pill twice a day , which we give to her in a pill pocket treat . We were coming up on a weekend trip trying to figure out how best to deal with this when I remembered the feeder . Turns out it works perfectly . We started with it well before we left and have kept using it even while home . I just load up 5 bins with the pill pockets , put the timer on 12-hour and off it goes . The cat waits for the machine to spin , too funny.So here 's what I can tell you
 I bought two of these for my two cats , one lined up perfectly , the other was off and my cat could stick her paw in and pull out the food . I could n't find any troubleshooting guide on how to correct and nothing online . I finally unscrewed the bottom of the center piece and you just have to move the gray ring around until it lines up . I used a sharpie to show where it should be based on where the lid was lined up and now my cat ca n't get in . So far it has worked great!Update ... . it did n't take long for one of my cats to figure out how to open . I think it is good if you have a cat that does not care about food too much , but if all they think about is food , they will figure it out .
 I bought this item as a last resort . Our cat started getting into this routine where he thought waking us up at 3 and 4am was a good idea to get food . He used to wait until my husband or I would wake up and then get fed at that point . It was almost like he was playing a game to see how upset we would get . I started arguing with my husband a little because he falls right back to sleep or sleeps right through the cat doing this . It was almost like we had a baby and one of us had to get up with it at night . So I tried this feeder . We also put the cat downstairs at night in our finished basement . The feeder is a great invention and I would have to say I thought my cat would figure this feeder out , but he has not yet and it has been a month . It is a little loud when it turns but not louder than my cat keeping us up all night . I would definitely recommend this product .
 Great idea , but could take design one step higher . If you have a large dog , sections may not be big enough . Compartments can only hold 1 cup of dry food . My dalmation weighs 50lbs , and the sections work for us because she eats 3/4 cup during day , and 1 cup for overnight . My dog eats 3 times a day due to a high acid stomach . If her stomach is empty to long , she vomits byle and 6 hrs between meals is cutting it close . Nice not to have to rush home to feed her . Timer is only 6 , 12 , 24 hour intervals , nothing in between otherwise I would rate it 5 stars . It would be nice if you could program it for any hour of the day .
 This automatic pet feeder is perfect for making sure your pet is fed when you are gone away for a couple of days . I would not use it for every day feeding as I feel it is important to interact with your pet . If you do n't want to take the time to feed your pet every day , then you do n't need a pet .
 Did n't want to ask the neighbors again to feed our little darlings so we decided to purchase this item . Received one first to try it out . This item does make a noise as it rotates to the next compartment . One cat is a little skiddish of that . The battery compartment is a bit trying to get out . Use a butter knife with a napkin under it to protect & it 'll come right up . Afterwards , it snaps back into it 's place . Not so difficult . I did call the 800 # to get this information . We 've been using it every day now & the cats seem to prowl around it for they know it has food inside of it . They are not able to open it in any way ... well , at least so far !
 This item worked really well for my cat while we were away for a week . I just wish it had more compartments -LRB- 8 versus 6 -RRB- . But for the price , VERY good item to have .
 Great pet dish . Easy to program , and works well . My cat took to it right away . Bought this based on other reviews and I am glad I did .
 This is overall a good product . The down side is you can not put in specific times for feedings . It will feed only 6 or 12 or 24 intervals .
 I bought my first one about 4 years ago . It malfunctioned within less than a year after purchasing it and the company stood by it 's one year warranty and replaced the product free of charge . The replacement lasted 3 years , which is a lot longer than other automatic feeders I 've used in the past . So , when I was needing to buy a new feeder I bought the same brand . I 've been very happy with this one .
 my cats no longer wake me up at 4 am to feed them ! it 's wonderful . they are good kitties , and dont pry off the lid , but they could . i found instructions on how to modify it if they they do , and it would be simple enough if i ever need to . i 'd recommend this product for sure ! i would prefer the timer to have an 8 hr option -LRB- it has 6 , 12 , 24 -RRB- and perhaps it 's a little noisy when advancing to the next meal .
 Love these feeders . I bought a second one because they work so well and I got a second cat . The 6 spaces are large enough that if i fill them full there will still be some left for the next time it rotates through , meaning it will last longer than just one rotation . I do n't think wet food would work . Maybe for 1.5 days . The little ice packs just would n't be large enough or insulated enough to do the job much longer . But I highly recommend these for those who travel a lot on weekends or for short trips .
 I was pleased with this auto feeder . It is so simple to operate ! The one I used prior was a hassle to set . Would recommend to friends .
 This works perfectly . I can now leave the cats for up to a week knowing they will get fed . Easy to use , easy to clean . LOVE IT !
 A co-worker told me about an automatic feeder she saw online and from there I found this model , even better . My -LRB- 2 -RRB- 5 year old cats were getting huge from leaving dry food out for them and letting them nibble when they were hungry . Even on `` Light '' food , they got to 16 and 19 pounds . My red and white , long haired cat was becoming almost diabetic , with the vet warning me because of his weight , he could be on insulin soon . I changed their food to an even lighter , more nutricious product and I invested in -LRB- 2 -RRB- 6 meal automatic feeders , so that I could space their meals throughout the day and eve . They are eating smaller meals more often , to try to boost their metabolism , just like people . My near diabetic cat , the one that would sit on my chest and meow in my face at 2 am for me to get up and feed him , was now happy as a clam , and has since lost 1 1/2 pounds . Both of my cats initially hissed and disliked the feeders and were afraid of them . They now come to expect the food when they hear the sound of the feeder changing to the next position and come running . It has become a friend to them and a life saver to me . And I can now sleep through the night ! Thank you for the wonderful product !
 This product has worked out very well for me and my cat . Perhaps I lucked out with a well behaved cat because he has not once attempted to tamper with the gadget . I have the timer set to every 12 hours which is the exact same feeding schedule that I had while feeding him manually . No longer does my cat wake me every morning . He now waits quietly by the feeder.I was a little concerned about the short spanned battery life reported in customer reviews upon making this purchase . However , I have only had to change out the battery after 7 months using Duracell.I love to travel and this gadget makes it so more manageable to do so . Now I have a neighbor drop by every few days to replenish the feeder , where as before he would have to come by twice a day .
 Ordered this product so I could feed my cat his canned food for the next day . It worked beautifully . Ice packs last 24 hours and it is easy to clean . Love it !!!
 Love the dish . We were worried about our dogs tearing them apart , but they are secure . I wish the dish would hold more than 1 cup of food and it really is only for 5 meals since one compartment is always open . I would recommend this to all pet owners and will be giving as a gift to a friend .
 Wonderful item - my cat now has access to wet food when I 'm away overnight and this is reliable and easy to clean . AAA + + +
 I went away for the weekend and left it for my cat . It was easy to set up and worked perfectly .
 It was a little hard getting the batteries in , but once that was done I set the device to feed every 12 hours and it has been working great for the last couple months . I think it is an excellent product .
 This product works well ... If you are busy , work or go away for a few days , your kitty will eat.It also keeps the food fresh , easy to set up.I did a practice run when I went away for 2 days , and it worked fine .
 Just what we needed for when we are gone one or two nights . The five automatic food `` dispensers '' hold only enough for a small animal 's meals .
 I have no problems with this product at all . It is simple and works like it says . I would not use it as a permanent feeder , but for out of town trips , which I do a lot , it works awesome .
 This has saved so many headaches no more cat whining in the morning , fill it once a week and your good to go . great value I saw an 8 day feeder same style and it was over $ 100 at Petco
 Gave this to my daughter - she reports that it 's terrific - she 's glad to have the cat find food at 5 AM - those mornings of a cat standing on her , carrying on about food , are over - and she 's very glad !
 I 've been using this product for about a month now , and I have n't had any issues with it . My only complaint is that the automation of it is a little loud , but once I got used to the sound -LRB- like that of a dying cat -RRB- , it 's not a big deal . You can see the trail of dust from my cat when she hears the feeder in the morning and evening for her 12-hour feeding.As for resetting the time , it is pretty simple . All you do is slide the 6/12/24 hr timer setting back and forth , then into place , at the time you want it to release .
 Excellent product . Works great . Allows me to keep cats at home , instead of boarding or having a cat sitter show up .
 I just used it this weekend . I was gone for 4 days and i didnt have to worry about my cat eating all his food to fast . Im just not sure if the measurement for food might be a little small for a 24 hr period but thats why you have a choice of 6 or 12 hrs . Other than that i 'm satisfied completely
 I think the automatic pet feeder is perfect for my needs . My cat only eats dry food and I think he would have it torn apart if there was wet food in the containers . I just fill it and forget it . It definitely uses batteries quickly and I wish it had a week battery warning .
 This product is a great buy for the money . I shopped around a lot and could n't find anything to compare . This is the second one I bought . I 've had the first one almost a year and it 's still working . It is pretty quiet and the timer works well . My cats do n't try to break into it like others seem to do . It wo n't work with wet food for 6 days though because the ice will not keep -LRB- since it 's just water in plastic -RRB- but works well for a weekend away . It has eliminated me having to get up at 4:30 am to feed the cats too !
 I really like this product . It would be nice to be able to set it for a more specific time to feed . Currently it seems like it feeds at the 6 , 12 , or 24 hour intervals based on the time you turn it on . I have not seen it turn to check the accuracy .
 I did n't have to put my cat in a cold kennel or pricey pet resort for the holidays . My friends did not have to interrupt their holiday plans to come and check in on my cat . All thanks to this six-day pet feeder . My only concerns were that I wish the dishes could have been a little deeper to hold a full cup of my pet 's food . I did n't want to overfill and cause a jam . Also , the center console which contains the battery and unlocks the dishes is difficult to disengage . A release button would be helpful and keep customers from attempting to wedge it out of place .
 I bought this in the hopes that my outside cat would get fed even when I 'm not there for more than a day or two . My previous issues have been that the occasional crafty raccoon would come up and tear the thing apart leaving food all over the front porch and me to pick up the pieces and put it all back together again . This was fine , because as many times as it got torn apart , I was still able to easily put it back together.My first continued to work until I took a moist sponge to it to get some of the dirt off . * So beware - the motor does not take kindly to moisture of any kind * This has actually been my second one of these because it seems to be the only thing that works and wo n't cost a crazy amount . This time around my fiance rigged up some kind of metal straps that I could bolt to the wooden bench on the front porch . Amazon used to have a picture with something like this on it , but I was never able to find one for sale . THIS works perfectly . Now that winter has come around , though , my only complaint is that once the batteries get cold , it has to fight to switch over to the fresh food and does n't always make it . I 'm hoping in the near future that we can rig up some kind of 9-volt-to-outlet thing . I was worried about the snow but as long as I brushed it off before it melted , it continued to work.Also , make sure you do n't try and overfill it . If the motor ca n't get past a piece of food , it will reverse driection and try again . It will eventually run down the battery , which , I have found , lasts for about 3 months.All in all , though , a very clever design . I have it set for 12 hour intervals and my cat gets fed for up to three days without me ! This seems to be the only automatic feeder I can find that will work for my situation so far . I 'm keeping an eye out for something that 's a little more self-sustaining , but I am happy with my purchase .
 I bought this product to feed a cat while away and so far have not had any problems with the unit . Runs on a 9 volt battery and has freezable ice packs in the bottom for keeping wet food cold but have n't tried that yet . The only slight problem is getting the central core unit aligned once it is reinserted after filling the food tray . If it is not inserted all the way down , the central core will spin vs the tray opening . Has an advance button to check the functioning before using . Otherwise , very happy with the product .
 I bought this because my 11 year old calico , Sidney , is on a diet . I had been feeding her 4 small meals daily which could be tricky on weekends etc. . Now I just fill the 6 slots , and she 's good to go for over a 24 hour period . This is a wonderful product and it no longer scares Sidney , she is actually in tune with when it is close to being six hours and goes and sits by and stares . I 'm quite happy with it .
 although i would prefer one of those big long term automatic feeder , my naughty cat would be sure to knock it over or spend all day contemplating how he could destroy it if he saw food sitting all up in a container in front of him.this was recommended to me by a friend , and i decided to invest in this . my cat destroys everything , and he tried to chew on the side of the dispenser , but it actually held up pretty well . it was perfect for going away for 3 days -LRB- 6 feedings , once every 12 hours -RRB- , and that 's the maximum i would probably leave him home alone for without someone checking in on him . if i 'm gone longer , i 'll have someone refill his food , clean the litter box , and ensure fresh water there.overall , great product that is easy to use and holds up well . i would probably only recommend it for dry food though , wet food sounds like it can get nasty , even with the cooler mechanism.oh , and i 'm a veterinarian , and i approve this product .
 I love this product !! I have 2 cats and keep two feeders set for every 24 hrs -LRB- one for the a.m. and one for p.m. -RRB- and do not have to worry about their food for 6 days . This is the second set of these that I have purchased . One of my original feeders broke after having it for 5 + years -LRB- it actually probably could have been fixed , the battery connection got loose , but decided to get a new set and keep one of the old ones as a backup -RRB- . This product has been such a lifesaver for me , especially when I work 2 jobs and am not home for 15 hours at time . I always know my babies are always getting their meals on time !!!
 I purchased this product a month ago to feed my rabbit when I was away from home . I 've used it for three , three-day periods when I 've been away from home . I followed the recommendation of another reviewer who suggesting trying out the feeder BEFORE being absent . I also followed her suggestion of helping her pet -LRB- she had a cat -RRB- become accustomed to the noise of the feeder 's rotation ahead of time by putting treats in it . I had some initial concerns about durability , because the feeder is plastic , and my rabbit -LRB- as it typical of rabbits -RRB- chews through plastic quite easily . He did chew off the hinges of the protective clear plastic lid on the first day , but I removed the clear plastic lid permanently and the feeder works fine without it . The buttons are all rounded/recessed , so he can not chew them and destroy them . He has attempted to chew other parts , but has only scratched the darker tan sides of the dish ; the plastic is quite sturdy . I give this product high marks for durability , craftsmanship , and ease of use . As an aside , it is also easy to clean .
 Works great once you get through two issues
 My wife gets up around 5am during the week and made a habit of feeding our cat when she got up ... this developed into a problem on the weekends when our cat , knowing it was time to eat , would wake us up between 4:30 and 5am meowing her head off . After a couple weeks of this I had enough and got online to search for an automatic feeder . Our cat is on a limited amount of diet food twice a day , and we can not leave out all her food at once because she will eat herself into feline obesity . So , I found the Lentek 6-Day Automatic Pet Dish ... this thing is awesome ... It has duration settings of 6 , 12 , and 24 hours ... which means you can feed your pet once , twice , or four times a day . The only problem I have with it is that the advance button does not reset the timer , but all you have to do is turn the power switch off and turn it on whenever you want the timer to start . We feed our cat twice a day and so the feeder holds enough food for three days , and our cat now sits and waits for the top to turn every morning and evening . It has cold packs that sit in the base , you just fill them with water and freeze -LRB- if you 're feeding your pet wet food -RRB- ... we have n't used them but they 're there if we need them . Due to the advance button issue I rated this with four stars , but it is by far the best bang for your buck ... our cat has no complaints and if she does I have n't had to listen to them ...
 I 'm very glad with this product . It simplified my life because I 'm free to return home without worrying about my pet feeding schedule .
 Great for helping my pom to lose a few pounds . Works just like it should . Would reccomend to anyone with a 20 lb or under dog .
 My two cats and I absolutely love this product . It saves us so much time and energy to provide twice a day feeding for our two cats . The clock that regulates the opening cycle is accurate to within ~ 5 seconds per day of a 12 hour interval .
 The device is a bit flimsy and could stand a few upgrades but for the price , was n't expecting too much-I was a bit spectical , because the first time I set it out , my cat figured out how to take the cover off and open the unit . But after that episode , she did n't try to open it again-Unit worked as described , but I only would recommend using dry food . The timer could use and upgrade but the bottom line is , went away for 3 days and the cat did not go hungry -
 I read many , many reviews before buying this product . Many were bad , particularly for the 8-day feeder . But after reading about other mistakes and reading the directions carefully , this product has worked great for me . My cat had gotten in the habit of wanting to be fed at 3am every morning and this solved the problem . Now the machine feeds him and I stay in bed , he is also pre-fed when I get home from work . I have used it only with dry food , and it has not jammed as long as I only put 1/2 cup of food in it . It is somewhat loud , and wakes me up sometimes , but it better than a cat meowing for 3 hrs . My cat has not tried to break into it either , but he does n't have claws . Overall , very satisfied and much cheaper than boarding over a long weekend !
 Ended up getting two of these , so each of our cats could have a feeding dish when we were away for short trips and did n't want to get the usual cat sitter . Worked well with about 1/2 a can of food in each compartment . Followed advice I had read elsewhere - and pre-froze the later portions of food - in addition to using the ice packs . It did take a little trial and error to get used to snapping the battery/timer pack properly into place - as it is a very tight fit .
 We purchased this feeder for our cat , who has dry food out all day but is used to being fed a 1/2 can of wet food nightly . It 's perfect for a weekend get-away when you do n't want to have to bother someone to come over every day . The ice packs keep the food cold for several days . The cat had no problems adjusting to eating out of this bowl . Suggestion for anyone buying this - try it out first when you 're home to monitor to see how the cat adjusts . We put our cat by the bowl while it was opening for the first few days so he would learn the noise it made when turning meant it was time to eat .
 We were looking for a weekend feeder for our cat . She enjoys her wet food but keeping it moist for more than a few hours is almost impossible . Alas , the Lentek 6-Day Automatic Pet Dish - a solution to our problem . It works great ! We freeze the ice packs , place them in the bottom on the feeder , add as many cans of wet food needed for the length of time we will be away - usually set the timer for every 12 hours for a new compartment to open . It 's easy to set up and clean and we come home to a happy kitty .
 I purchased this product to dispense medication/treats for my cat while I was on vacation . I am happy to report that it worked perfectly fine and I would recommend this product for pet owners for feeding or dispensingtreats/medication . The flexiblility of the 12 or 24 hour timer is exactly what was needed for my animal . I only had to have the pet sitter come in to refill it once while I was gone . I wish that the manufacturer would create an electric version to cut down on batteries usage . I would recommend this product to a friend .
 Very nice dish , exactly as described . Food cups are a little shallow , however . I used it to feed a dog I was dog-sitting during the day while the owners were on vacation.The dog is a Jack Russel Terrier . If she would have been a bigger breed , I do n't think this dish would have been sufficient.Nice for smaller dogs and cats , though !
 The Pet Feeder works great for going away weekends . I do n't have to get someone to come in and feed my cats . It 's easy to use and I like the different hour settings .
 Love , Love , Love this bowl !!!! I have a cat that loves to eat !! We can cut down on his portions and set the timer to open every six hours , so we do n't feel like we are starving him . Very handy for feeding while you are at work or away . I really do n't know what we did before this bowl !!!!
 This product is exactly what we have been looking for ! I bought this to try to train my cat to not wake us up in the morning to feed him breakfast . It took a few days , but today , he was asleep on our bed , and when I checked the feeder , he had already eaten some ! Hooray !! The first few times he did n't know what to make of this feeder , but he 's gotten used to it . It is fairly quiet and works great . He has n't tried to break into it , but it seems quite sturdy . The timer is also pretty good . We can get him onto a schedule . The only thing is that it seems better suited for dry food only , since the ice pack do n't last any longer than 12 hours , and I do wish the timer was digital so we could set it to different times .
 This is a great idea . It worked great for my kitty . It would be nice though if there was an option to plug this in to an outlet with battery back up . I would rest easier knowing that the batteries will not die quickly .
 I love this product & it worked great until the rats chewed through the thick plastic and ate the food .
 the product really do what is proposed . My suggestion to the manufacturers is to launch a `` de luxe model '' , with some additional features
 It performed exactly as advertised . Very easy to set up and clean up when we were finished with it .
 it do the job when you not avilable for 1 day i guess if more than 2 cats ii didnt like that every 6 hours its trun it should be there every 2 hours . hello ! they are not fasting .
 This product works just as it is supposed to . But , as some reviewers before me have said ... it does take some time to learn . I got mine , opened it up and immediately started playing with it to make sure it worked like it was supposed to . I had it set to the 6 hour interval . Like clock work , every 6 hours the lid turned and a new compartment was revealed.Satisfied that it was working , I loaded the tray up for a long Columbus day weekend out of town . And , switched the interval switch from 6 to 12 because I wanted the cats to get access to their wet food every 12 hours or twice a day . I came home after a very relaxing weekend in Wisconsin 's Door County to find a stinking , rotting mess of food . The lid had n't turned at all while I was gone and the food was untouched -LRB- and did I mention stinking and rotting ? -RRB- This is the learner curve I was talking about . I learned that if you want to switch the intervals at which the lid turns , you need to turn the power off , set the interval switch to the number you want -LRB- 6 , 12 or 24 -RRB- AND THEN turn the power on . You ca n't have it set for every 6 hours and then switch it to 12 like I did because it wo n't work . I do n't know if the power needs to be switched off to reset it or what but that is how it works ! Too bad my kitties had to go without wet food while I was gone ... luckily they had plenty of dry kibble to get them through.Also as other reviewers have mentioned ... the ice packs are thin and wo n't last long . I found that freezing the wet food in the tray first plus the ice packs helps keep the food longer.Because I do have one very big , greedy , fat cat , I did use a previous users suggestion on how to screw down the lid to keep hungry kitties from prying the lid off . It worked like a charm ! Luckily , my cats did n't show any interest in prying off the lid . So , in the end , I removed the screws and just went back to using the plastic tabs to ` snap ' the lid on . It was easier to do this than have to unscrew nuts every time I wanted to refill the tray . However , if you find your cat wants to pry the lid off , try the screw and nut trick ... it was brilliant!THE PROS :1 It is nice to know my cats are getting wet food while I 'm out of town -LRB- spoiled brats that they are -RRB- 2 It works just like its supposed to after a few initial trial and error user sessions3 The ice packs help keep wet food fresh for a -LRB- slightly -RRB- longer period of timePretty sturdy food dish considering the relatively inexpensive priceTHE CONS1 Small food compartments ... in a 3 cat household like mine , the cats were always jockeying for a position at the compartment . The littlest one always got muscled out by the big boys and does n't often get much to eat except the leftovers2 At first , the noise of the motor running is loud . but , like all household appliances , afterawhile it blends into the background3 The lid turns - not the dish - so you have to position the dish so that the cats can access it from all sides . In my house , that means in the middle of the floor - not the most attractive household accessory !
 My partner and I have owned this device for over four months and have had a tremendously positive experience with it and because it has worked so well for us , I wanted to address some concerns that other reviewers have noted.First , our context
 I have used this feeder for many , many years , even leaving for 5-6 days at a time . Unfortunately , the racoons have figure out how to pop it open , so I ca n't rely on it anymore.Anyway , if not for the coons , I would trust this feeder . Do n't overfill the sections , however , or the feeder top wo n't spin .
 I purchased this in advance of a quick three day trip . We live in the middle of nowhere and I can not expect someone to come over and feed our cat twice a day.Sasha is a little piggy , and we can not leave food in any quantity or she will eat until she vomits.Started using it at last nights dinner hour and she was not afraid of it at all . Ate like her normal `` gulp it down in a minute '' . It opened this morning just fine . At one point today I found her sleeping next to it!The only draw back is the timer , you need to set it so it does its thing at the correct interval from the time you set it , and that the first feeding is right there . Can not have it all at that price . A good item at a reasonable price.December 17th 2007 Addendum to original review ! We had Sasha to the vet last month , and with the help of the feeder she lost 1/2 a pound . The vet was very pleased and so were we ! It is so much easier to monitor her eating , and she can eat at her normal time if we are not home , or too lazy to get out of bed in the morning on the weekends . We laugh at her , when she hears the dish open she bolts at top speed for the food !
 We read the other reviews prior to purchase -LRB- both good and bad -RRB- and so far have been pleased with the 6 day auto petfeeder . Our cat is a small , non aggressive , dainty eater who takes the entire day to finish her bowl , so the 24 hour option has been great . She 's had no any interest tearing at the plastic cover to get at the other filled dishes as it appears other auto petfeeder reviews mentioned . Nor is she frightened by the unit rotating . She 's figured out the 6 am timeframe when `` mmm more food '' is on the way -LRB- make sure to reset and refill at the time you feed your pet as the unit only remembers 6 , 12 , or 24 hour timeframes from reset -RRB- . If your pet eats no more than 1/2 cup a day however -LRB- more causes it to jam during rotation -RRB- , this may not be the feeder for you -LRB- if you want it to cycle 6 days -RRB- . I do agree with other reviews that the battery snap cable is too short-I too wish it were longer . Our battery seems to last about 45 days rotating at the 24 hour cycle . Clean up has been easy . When we are out of town and have a friend watch the cat , she 's found it helpful that we 've permanent markered inside each tray # 1-6 to make sure each tray has rotated . Also , give the unit plenty of space so your pet is n't eating awkwardly around or on the unit-the tray position changes each rotation .
 The feeder is a well-made battery operated item that automatically opens when the pet is to be fed . It is easy to operate and once it is set , nothing more has to be donr . To refill the compartments , all you do is push a button . The feeder can be set for 6,12 , and 24 hour feedings . I have had other feeders before that cost more , but this is the best one I have found for the price .
 I needed something to titrate food out to my furry kid while I am away for a few days . Since she is unsocial to say the least , so having a person come over and do this while I am out is pointless . She just wants the food from them & hides until they leave . I tried it out on an overnight trip to make sure it worked & it 's great ! Does exactly what I need it to.Note
 We needed a pet feeder in a pinch . This item addressed our immediate concern since we were planning to be away for 2 days . However , we did ask a friend to look in on our two cats 18 hours after we left to adjust the feeder 's turn frequency . We used the feeder primarily to keep food . They were left with fresh water which our neighbor changed during her visit . The cats were fine and happy when we returned home .
 I bought this for my cats so when I go away for the night they still get fed in the morning . I was expecting the unit to be smaller than it is but overall it looks nicer than I expected and arrived very quickly . I am very happy with my purchase and I will update the review in a few months to let you know how it held up and if my cats figured out how to get to the food .
 I have had this feeder for about a year now . I go away pretty often during weekends , so this is a lifesaver for the times I need to be away for a couple days . Kitty seems pretty content with the arrangement.Pros : - my cat is about 9 lbs and has NEVER been able to break into the feeder . It really seems solid and hard to break ... I actually had a friend once who started/filled the dish for me , and HE had problems getting it open !!! - relatively long battery life . I 've used it about 7 times now -LRB- all for 2/3 days -RRB- and have yet to replace the battery . I 'm sure it 'll be coming up soon ! - Quiet , reliable , and well-designed . It 's round and flat , so there is no risk of the cat knocking it over/tilting it so it 's stuck or dragging it all over the place.Cons-somewhat tricky in figuring out how to open it initially . I was afraid of breaking something , until I realized you have to use a little force to pull the lid off to fill the feeder-not sure if the inserts work -LRB- have n't tried -RRB- , they seem like a bad idea and the food could easily spoil . If you are using the feeder because you 'll be away , I 'd advise just leaving dry food in the dish . Wet food is too likely to spoil even with the icepack insert , and it would also be a mess to clean up.-the feeder is larger than I expected , it does take up some room on the floor . Then again , it does had 6 compartment !
 We purchased this dish because our cat was waking us up every morning at 4am to be fed . We purchased this dish , set it up to open every 24 hours at 4:30 am , and we 've slept soundly every since . The cat was originally a little afraid of the noise it made opening , but now when he hears the dish start to open he goes running right to it . The dish is very basic -LRB- i.e. you have to fill the dish at the time you want it to open and set the switch to open on either a 6 , 12 , or 24 hour schedule and that 's it -RRB- . An option to fill it and set the time to open later might be nice , but for the money this serves the purpose .
 This is exactly what i was looking for . It works great . I would recommend it anyone that has a cat .
 I bought this feeder to replace my Le Bistro , which I 've used for at least five years . The Le Bistro still works fine , but it has trouble stopping the flow of small kitty kibbles and thus dispenses too much food . My cat kept getting fatter , so something had to be done . I read reviews of several feeders , and decided on this one because of the generally favorable responses . I have no real complaints and neither does my cat.Yes , it is a little frustrating that you ca n't fine-tune the timing -LRB- 6 , 12 , or 24 hours are the only options -RRB- and yes , it is kind of ridiculous that one of the compartments is essentially always left empty since it is exposed , but for the price , it definitely does what I need it to do . And that is , feed my cat for me in the mornings so I am not woken up every day at 5 am as I was when I tried feeding her without an automatic feeder ! Since I put the exact amount in that I want her to be fed , it does n't overfeed , and if the instructions are followed , it shuts securely , keeping her from helping herself . I 've been using it for two months and have not had any problems . She was already used to an automatic feeder , so she adapted to this one with zero problems or delay . She waits for it to feed her ... but quietly instead of meowing at me , which is priceless.It advances one place when I refill it , so I have to remember to account for that , and I have to pry hard to detach the base to refill , but those are minor issues . I always line up the cover carefully before pressing down hard on the center to secure all the pieces together after refilling . But in following those steps , and remembering to shake the feeder every so often to make sure it is n't empty , it works just fine.I kept the Le Bistro , and the two feeders make a great tandem team when we go on vacation . Kitty may be overfed for a few days , but not by as much as before , and I take solace in knowing that if one fails -LRB- which neither has so far -RRB- , she wo n't go completely hungry.I only use it for dry food , so ca n't speak to how well -LRB- or not well -RRB- the cooling trays work . Oh , and the battery was a total pain to get in , but it did eventually snap into place and I have n't had to replace it yet . The noise is quite loud when it advances , but even in our loft apartment -LRB- no bedroom door -RRB- , it is n't a big deal . ** Updated 7/26/11 . The Lentek is still going strong ! A battery seems to last several months if set to the 24-hour option , but it is just as much of a pain to replace a battery as it was to install one initially . After a month or so of use , the feeder quit advancing right after I filled it , which has been a great improvement . I used a Sharpie marker to number each slot of the feeder tray -LRB- against the center so it wo n't wear off -RRB- so I could better keep track of when it needs filling and whether or not it is advancing . So far , zero problems with this little device ; we 're thinking of buying another for our new kitten . = -RRB-
 After reading some of the other reviews I was hesitant to order this feeder as several reviewers cats were able to break into it . I thought my cat was pretty smart since she can open doors and latched plastic bins of cat food , so I was worried . However , this product is so much cheaper than the more tamper resistant machines I thought it was worth a try . If needed , we could modify it with a strap as one reviewer suggested . We started to use the feeder about a week before our vacation and our cat adapted well . She now hears the rumbling noise and goes running to it . She has not destroyed it and seems to recognize that the machine is the boss . It saved us a bundle of money on boarding costs during a short vacation . We now use it year-round to stop the begging cycle . My only complaint is that it has only six compartments . Seven would make it easier to schedule refills on the same day of the week.Added six months later
 I just got this LENTEK/KOOLATRON 6 DAY AUTOMATIC PET DISH a couple of days ago & it works great so far . The motor isnt loud enough to scare my cat , it holds plenty of kibbles , looks easy to clean -LRB- it was a bit hard to unassemble to put in the battery tho . -RRB- The only problems I have with it is that the dish is soooo big -LRB- it measures 14.8 x 14.5 x 4.1 inches which is way too big for my apartment kitchen -RRB- , & my cat has to walk around the dish to eat her kibbles because of the cover rotation.I bought this automatic pet dish -LRB- along with an Animal Stuff Lucy cat tree -RRB- on the recommendation of my vet who said my chubby kitty needed some exercise . After her spaying she gained a lot of weight & now looks a bit like a basketball lol . The vet said an automatic feeder was a necessity for all cats living in apartments . He told me to somehow anchor the pet dish on the top shelf of the pet tree to make my kitty climb up to her food for exercise.I havent received the cat tree yet , but I highly doubt I can anchor this huge food dish to it.I do wish they made a smaller automatic pet dish for cats tho . Thanks for the good price/free shipping Amazon . : -RRB-
 I found this automatic feeder very easy to use , has a variance of every 6 , 12 or 24 hrs . A bit noisy , so would not recommend for very skittish or noise-sensitive cats . However , my normally food-oriented and inquisitive cats have not yet figured out how to break into this feeder , so very happy with it so far !
 This feeder is a good product and much better than the feeders that I have tried in other brands . The motor is quiet and the construction is durable . It is a little bit of a challenge to get the lid open the first few times you try but after that it is easy . However our cat sitter has never learned how to master the thing and leaves the lid off and feeds by filling one tray at a time when we are away . I would recommend this feeder to anyone .
 Performs exactly as described . Works well for our cat , but then ... he 's not too bright . This requires six more words so ...
 This feeder -LRB- we have 2 -RRB- has been great for our two cats . We only use dry food , so I ca n't comment on the cooling packs . Yes one slot is always exposed so unless you are feeding and filling at the same time it is only 5 meals in advance , but it lets us take short trips away from home and not worry about getting a pet-sitter . It also keeps the cats from waking us up at night for food/entertainment . One downside is it seems to be going through batteries quickly , but the ones I used were n't fresh , so it probably is n't an issue . Great product , thanks a lot !
 I bought this product so that when I traveled I did n't have to have someone come daily to feed my cat -LRB- she ca n't be free fed as she has no discipline with food -RRB- . In general I like to feed her twice a day , so this dish really only holds 3 days food for me . That being said , it does exactly what I need it to . Every twelve hours it rotates opening a new meal and closing off any that she did n't feel the need to eat at the time . I read a number of reviews from people saying their cat was able to pull off the cover ... this thing is pretty secure . -LRB- I thought I was going to break something pulling it off . -RRB- My cat has been known to chew threw bags to get to food if its anywhere she can get to , so I ca n't say she 's not motivated . She has n't found a way to outsmart this thing though.I did have a rough start , only to find it was user error , but will warn anyone in case they go through the hassle I did thinking their machine was broken . When I plugged the battery in , the indicator light flashed on and then turned off . I thought that there must be a loose wire . Needless to say I took the whole electronic contraption apart looking for a loose wire only to eventually realize that the indicator light actually flashes and does n't stay on . Oops!Since I started using this though it 's worked so well I now use it all the time , not just when I travel . My cat used to always run begging for food , sometimes waking me up in the middle of the night . Within two days of using the feeder , she has learned that I no longer control her food and feeding time , so she does n't come crying anymore . The machine is loud at first , which scared her when she was sitting by it , but it now tells her its feeding time whenever she 's nearby and she goes running . If I 'd have known it could do this for me I would have bought one from day one ! Great feeder for needy cats , even if you are n't traveling !
 Items was received and used for a trial run with the cats and it was a success . Used it again for 4 day weekend trip and the 2 cats did not destroy the dishes and were fed regularly . I would recommend this product .
 This shnazzy little device allows me to sleep past 5a . m. For 6 months of my kitten 's life , I awoke anywhere from 4a . m. to 5a . m. to insistent claw pawing and then meowing and door scratching -LRB- once I kicked him out of my room at night -RRB- . Now , I just fill THE DISH , as we call it , at night and if I 'm lucky I sleep through two whole feedings . It 's fantastic.The motor is a little loud , but it 's not enough to wake up a sleeping person . It is enough for my kitten to hear in other rooms and when it goes off he darts off in its direction . He know it 's THE DISH that feeds him and not me , so he does n't even bother with waking me up.Great device . Just invest in a couple rechargeable batteries and you 'll be set .
 I 've had this item for about a month and so far , it 's great . I have it set to offer a carefully measured portion of dry food every 6 hours to my cat who likes to overeat . This item keeps his portions under control and on a schedule , and keeps me from having to stop and feed him throughout the day . Since I have it set for every 6 hours , I reload the trays once a day to make sure he does n't miss any meals .
 Bought this for a friend but she likes it enough that she 's going to get another one for more cats .
 My cat 's old so she does n't care what I serve her food in ... as long as she gets her grub ! Sure it make sounds when it turns , but my cat still ate . This came in VERY handy when we were away from home for three days .
 I can leave town and Bonzo behind now without begging a neighbor to feed him!It works fine with the dry food he gets while I 'm gone.It was priced fairly for the simple task it was designed for.Yes , I have a few simple suggestions to improve this device . They would of course add to the cost . It could have viewing windows to see which sections are still loaded . I plan to drill 1/4 inch holes in the center of each segment section on the plastic cover to check which scalloped bowl still has food in it . Otherwise you can only power advance one segment at a time clockwise to check them . Might as well load the bowl sections as you advance , otherwise you 'll be comming around again to load anyway . This could be a problem if you tried to load wet food . Each advance you can hear the 9V battery slowly turning the gears , making you wonder when it will run out of juice . An optional 9V corded power supply would be nice , and probably cost about as much as a 6 pack of 9V batteries . Unless your riotous animals would shove or bump it across the room , unplugging it ! Or they could have put in a release lever to disengage the gears so that the cover could be free-wheeled to any of the bowls . But maybe a clever animal would figure this out ! I wish Bonzo were that smart !
 For the price its hard to complain , the only drawback is the limited time selection . I would like to have the ability to have more feeding intervals per day . Aside from that it does what it is suppose to do .
 I found the 6-Day automatic pet dish easy to set up and use . It worked just fine and I have no hesitation in leavingmy cat unattended for four or five days . Only one thing perplexed me in the setup to use the feeder , and that wasthe ON light I thought was not working . The instructions did not say that it was a SLOW blinking light and initiallyI thought that the light light was burned out . But it was n't . it just blinked ON and OFF at a fairly slow interval.A good product , I am glad I purchased it .
 I was very pleased with the performance of the Lentek Automatic Pet Dish ! It even has the option of using ice in the bottom so I could put out canned food . The ice containers are provided -- sweet .
 We have 2 of these bowls and our two cats that have not been able to break into it in over 3 years of use . The top secures tightly to the base . Timer is accurate and works as stated . The only thing lacking on this for me is and 8 hour timing option . 6 hours is too short between feedings , 12 too long . Other than that , the bowl works well for us .
 I bought this for the kitty who has been waking me up at 3:00 am begging for a snack . Worked great until last week , when kitty decided to start waking me up at 2:58 am to tell me the feeder is about to rotate!Seriously , this product has worked very well . The ice keeps the food cool for about 6 hours only . By 12 hours everything was room temperature , so I 've started freezing the food to make it last up to 12 hours for the days I work late.The only down side is that since I 'm not using all 6 compartments , it 's a little difficult to get the top lined up , reassembled to the bottom tray , and rotated to the right compartment , but once you get the hang of it , not too bad .
 After shopping around locally to several pet stores and found nothing that I liked . Many of the dishes were just to big to fit our needs . I found this dish that was just perfect . At first our dog did n't know just what this was . The Advance Select option lets you rotate the dish cover to expose the food manually . This was very helpful in training our dog to the sound of the lid rotating and how the dish works . The compartments hold just the right amount of food . I especially like the Ice Packs underneath . We have had to take this with us from time to time and placed food and water in there that needed to be kept cold . The sleak design of this dish makes it easy to travel with . For us this dish works well . I turn the dish on around 8 or 9 pm and it is set to open a compartment 6 hours later .
 Wow ! This product is very convenient & easy to use ! I just load it up with my cat 's treats & she has them everyday at the time I set it . You set it & forget it !!!
 This product works very well with my older Beagle . The time settings are great and now she always eats on time , which is very important to a beagle.The food compartments are small , but it works very well to give her a couple of small meals each day . We have n't had any trouble with her trying to tear the cover off to get to the food .
 After reading all the reviews -LRB- thx everybody -RRB- , I decided to get this.I have a small schnauzer/terrier ; he 's only 17 lbs . and we occ . go away on wkends . I was a bit skeptical ; seems many people have said their cats can pry off the lid . You guys must have some might hefty , strong cats . * I * had trouble getting the lid off to fill this thing : - -RRB- I 've been testing it ; seems to work right on schedule . You do have to watch the time when you power up tho.I gave it a 4 , instead of a 5 , because I wish you could set a specific time ; but those types of feeders are very expensive . So , I 'll deal with this.I 'm pleased so far . I 'm wondering , does anyone know how long the battery would last ; if only used on the wkends ? A few months ? Just one wkend ? And do you know in advance what this dish does when the battery will fail soon ? I do n't want my little Oscar going hungry.thx !
 Pros : - This is a good product that works as advertised . Allows to program the meals every 6 , 12 or 24 hours , and works well . - Comes with two containers to fill with water and freeze to set under the food , to help keeping it fresh.Cons : - Actually only delivers 5 meals , because the sixth is already served in the opening of the dish . - Does not allow programming the time of the meal , it will be 6-12-24 hours after it is turned on .
 It 's a nice product and simple to use but ... The timer is n't that great . I think it would be better to have a digital timer . As it stands , the only options are 6 , 12 , or 24hrs so you have to activate the timer at the time you want it to start . So if you want it to go off at 6:00 am for the next 6 days , then wake up at 6am and select 24hrs .
 This works well ! Just a few things that everyone should know . 1 . Do n't FILL the trays ... this can affect the cover turning , and make it stick . 2 . Fill the ice trays fully , because you wo n't be able to remove the covers once they 're in place . 3 . My cat is a little weird , and I found that when I put the auto-feeder where his bowl usually goes , he was reluctant to get to the far side of the device . Put it out in the MIDDLE of the floor , so that access to all the trays is easy for your animal.I usually have someone look in on him if I 'm gone more than 2 days , even if he 's using the feeder , just to keep him company , and make sure he 's OK.Go on small vacations without having to worry that your pet is going without ... recommended !
 As far as I can tell , it works as advertised . We only used it once while we were gone from the house and my cat did n't eat -LRB- stress I think -RRB- . We have to use wet food though and the ice pack did n't last as long as I 'd hoped . We were gone overnight and the ice was n't cold when we got home , we threw out the food that the cat did n't eat . So if someone can come in to change the ice , it would work . There must be a way to do it where it would last longer , but we 've just had someone come feed the cat instead . If someone knows of a way , please let me know !
 I loved this feeder and it was perfect for my cat . My cat is not destructive , so she did n't try to break into it like some of the other reviews mention . The motor is indeed loud , but you get used to it , and it only makes noise when it turns . Otherwise it 's silent . At first my cat was afraid of it , but after a few days , she learned that the motor sound meant food . So the sound actually served a good purpose . I like this feeder much better than the kind that deliver a pre-measured amount of food because you can control how much food is in each serving . My cat ca n't eat too much at one time or she will vomit . Other feeders usually deliver a minimum of a quarter cup of dry food , which is too much for her . This feeder also has two packs underneath that you can fill with cold water or freeze if you want to put wet food in it.My only complaint is that when the motor died , it started acting funny . It began to behave erratically , even with a new battery in it . Sometimes it would turn too fast , sometimes it would n't stop turning , sometimes it went backwards . I was working long hours at that time , so when I discovered it , it made me wonder how many days it had been doing this and torturing my cat . It died a little over a year after I bought it , so unfortunately it was beyond the one-year warrantee and I could not return it.Otherwise though , it is excellent . I 'm actually on Amazon today to buy another one . I definitely recommend getting it at least a few weeks before you are planning to be away or go on any sort of trip to give your cat time to get used to it .
 Good product for the price . There are nicer ones that cost a considerable amount more , but this does the job just fine . It does pop apart if it is dropped -LRB- my cat was knocking it off where it was placed to get all the food when it broke open -RRB- . Its very easy to use and set up .
 This is very user friendly . You pop in the battery and set it to feed once evey 6 , 12 or 24 hrs . It is continuous . Does not have to be reset unless battery dies . I only feed my cat dry food , so I am not able to talk about the moist food feature . I now use it all the time . It has become my only feeding dish . My cat now gets fresh food every 6 hrs and the food stays fresh and sealed . No more wasted food . My cat loves it !
 I bought this recently when cat sitting to keep them fed overnight and in the morning . At first , the 2 adult cats were a bit hesitant to eat from it but shortly after , I could tell they were not starving . The timer makes it turn at the indicated intervals and is very simple to use . The only problem is that the clear plastic cover was cracked when I got it , but it still works just fine .
 You need to be smarter than this dish ! It works great , my cat loves it and we have n't had any problems with him breaking into it !
 I have 2 cats who start waking me up at 0500 to eat . Not anymore ! The timer works great ; set to go off twice a day . No problems with my cats trying to pry to lid off either . I agree w / other reviews that a timed timer would be nice and a identifying mark to let you know when the bowl needs to be refilled .
 I bought this automatic pet dish with some concern after reading the reviews . I had very little trouble installing the batteries . There is a noise -LRB- mechanical sound -RRB- when the lid rotates to the next food slot but nothing too obnoxious . I do n't own a cat , but have been feeding a ferel cat that came into our yard and was starving . My husband and I went out of town and did n't want to leave the poor thing without food . The dish worked outdoors just fine . While we were gone it rained , but after drying the dish , it continued to work without problems . I would n't recommend keeping it outside , but I 'm comfortable that it is a good , sturdy product and will use when needed .
 Worked as stated . Unit was placed on a covered porch and placed on 24 hour mode . After returning from vacation , my cat appeared to have not missed a meal . This helps reduce the future fears of going on vacations .
 The Lentek Automatic Feeder arrived in a timely manner . I was a little skeptical as to whether my Siamese cat , Lily , would accept it.She would wake me up very early every morning to be fed is the reason I got it.The humming the unit makes when it is in cycle scared her but she finally got use to it . She was more hungry than scared.It works great . I only wish it would feed 3 times a day . She does n't need food in the middle of the night but she does like a snack in the afternoon.All in all it is a very good product .
 I have four cats ages 4 , 4 , 5 and 6 living with my husband and me in a one bedroom one bath condo . Our oldest would wake me up for his breakfast by jumping on and off the bed and purring loudly in my face earlier than my alarm clock and on weekends when I wanted to sleep in . Closing our bedroom door did not work b/c one of the youngest would sit outside and rattle the door and cry so I would just give in and feed them so I could grab a few more minutes of sleep . We bought four of these dishes so each can have their own because I did not trust the males to leave any left over for the female if we got the taller more expensive electronic feeder option available . I only bought it because we were leaving out of town for three days and were new to the area so did not know anyone close by to come feed them and check the litter box . Now I am so happy that they listen for the food bowl to feed them instead of jumping on me . I just have to remember what time I filled it so I can make sure it rotates and is not empty so they do n't go back to associating me with putting out the food . We have it set on the six hour interval time and I use a half cup measuring cup and dry cat food . I fill three compartments with a half cup of food split between them and then do the other three . I use a weight control food and it only covers the bottom of the compartment so I think the meals keep them at a healthy weight and let me sleep through the night . Also no problems with any of the cats figuring how to break into it . They are patient for the next rotation . I had to assemble all four one week night about two days before our trip . I did not get how you just have to push down firmly to snap the lid down on the pegs but finally understood and luckily did not break anything . We have been about a month in on the six hour intervals and batteries are still going strong . I like that I can slide the food bowls under our queen sized bed during the day while we are not home and our landlord has our condo on the market so when realtors walk around the cat bowls are out of sight . At first the cats ran away from the sound and it was funny to watch them slink back to investigate with bodies low and ready to jump away with any sound or touch , but that only lasted the first couple of days . Now we watch them leap from their perches and run to the sound of their next meal .
 This item does the trick . I feed my cat twice a day , so although it has 6 compartments , it only lasts me 3 days . Plus , there is always a compartment exposed . Therefore I really only get 2.5 feedings out of it . The quality is good for the price . It is sometimes hard to fit the battery operated portion back into the middle of the circle . My cat is not scared of it . It is perfect for leaving for a long weekend . Now I need to figure out a better way to keep water out for her .
 Here are some ` cons ' in the top handful of reviews . ` It only has six trays so one is wasted ' -- not if you fill it at feeding time . ` My cats can get into it ' -- I think those are lemons . I 've gotten callouses from popping mine open because it 's so tight . ` The ice packs do n't work for wet food in the last 1 or 2 trays ' -- If you put an ice cube on a counter does it last a week ? Hint -- if it did it would n't keep anything cold.I think this thing is great . I 've used two other automatic feeders and was extremely disappointed with both , so I thought I 'd give this one a shot before dropping close to a hundred on another , and I 'm glad I did . It 's makes enough noise to work like a dinner bell to my cat , and so that I know the battery does n't need to be replaced , but not so much that it 's annoying . The fixed intervals are n't quite as good as a programmable electronic timer because you 're limited to 1,2 or 4 feedings per day , but that 's much better than mechanical timers which make you guesstimate feeding times , which can lead to an anxious pet . I had another feeder which had a lid that attached in such a way that my cat would beat like a drum if it did n't go off when I wanted , which is n't a problem with this . The only drawback is that it uses 9 volt batteries which are relatively expensive and do n't last very long , but since this costs half what the other cost , I bought rechargeables and a charger with the savings . I could n't be happier .
 Not only CHANGED my life , it GAVE me a life !! I got this feeder for my dog . She 's a few sandwiches short of a picnic , but LOVES to eat and will jump off the face of the earth when I 'm filling her dish . Last Sunday , she jumped off the face of the earth and did n't land until Monday evening.The problem I 've had with this little girl is that she was brought up during her formative years with an older dog and became quite possessive of her kibble . If I leave her a full bowl , she will eat until she explodes . Add that to the jumping and you can understand the dilemma I had with leaving her by herself overnight . So , I was destined to be a homebody and a spinster never having the opportunity to go out or go places or take a vacation.Then one day I thought to myself ... . automatic feeder ! -LRB- Okay , maybe I 'm not the sharpest tool in the shed either -RRB- and started researching the offerings on Amazon . I settled on the Lentek feeder because it was inexpensive and easy to use . I was so excited to receive it . I promptly filled the compartments and turned it on . It worked perfectly !! With confidence , I left for the weekend to hit the bar scene in San Diego wearing a short skirt and high boots.Now I finally have a man in my life . I like to call him Sugar -LRB- Daddy -RRB- . I 've got a new car , a new condo , great clothes and some fine jewelry . Still have the dog , but now Sugar just hires someone to come in and feed her when we travel . We do n't need the feeder so Sugar had it gold plated and it hangs on the wall of our bedroom as a permanent reminder of what might not have been if not for the Lentek automatic feeder . God bless you Lentek .
 I love my pet dish . I know that I can be away for a few days and the food keeps coming for my cat .
 First off , let me start by telling you that my cat wakes me every three hours demanding wet food . So , I bought this feeder to alleviate the problem . Unfortunately , he still does n't trust the feeder enough to ` not ' wake me as well , but I have to say , overall , that this is a great product . And he is starting to trust the process , he just has such a food obsession that he still needs me to verify everything . What a weirdo . So far though , I 've had it for more than two months and the battery is still working just fine , it 's super easy to clean , and once you figure out how to replace the top section for each use , it 's a breeze to refill . It has a six hour timer -LRB- plus a twelve hour , I believe -RRB- and I use it for the six hour setting , which works out great . I decided to use it for night time feedings only , so I switch out the ice packs per every use , and found that works great for me .
 My cat is the WORST at waking me up every morning to feed his poor , neglected self . He is OBSESSED with any kind of food -- getting into cupboards , trashcans , boxes . Out of desperation I ordered this and ... IT WORKS!He no longer wakes me up or follows me around meowing when it 's close to feeding time . It dependably dispenses food twice a day . He has not been able to break into it , which SHOCKS me . The only time we had a problem was when i left the plastic cover off of the controls , and he figured out how to press the &#34; advance &#34; button , and ate 3 days worth of food . BUT ! As long as I keep the clear cover on it , it 's great ! Definitely try this out !
 I have been using this cat feeder for two months and it 's good . My only complain as other users is that if you want your cat feeded at 5 am , you have to wait until 5 pm at least to set the schedule on the machine . Also I wrote numbers in each compartiment to not forget to fill the machine on time ... it last only two days and half for my cat -LRB- she eats twice per day -RRB- .
 This is my second one purchased . My first one lasted 3 years . My cat 's weight has stabilized , and he does n't wake me up for 3AM feedings . The only thing I do not like , it 's extremely hard to change the batteries .
 I like this auto feeder . I 've used one for over three years . Other reviewers have complained that cats CAN break it , but mine has n't . It 's built sturdier than most I 've tried.Drawbacks : -LRB- 1 -RRB- you have to set the timer at the time you want it to start . I set mine at 6:00 a.m. and p.m. , so I have to wait until then to set it . -LRB- 2 -RRB- The bottom tabs for fitting the motor into the feeder are kind of flimsy . I broke one over a year ago and I 'm now on my second one . -LRB- 3 -RRB- Replacing the battery can be a hassle.If someone else can recommend a better feeder , please do so .
 This product has a mechanism that automatically rotates the bowl back into position if a cat or dog manages to move it backwards . For the money , it ca n't be beat .
 My new , formerly-stray cat is quite food-obsessed . I would feed her before work at about 8am , but slowly she became more and more insistent , earlier and earlier until it was her meowing , walking across my body , pawing my face , and being a nuisance at about 5am . Something needed to be done , so I decided to try Amazon for an automatic pet feeder . Easy peasy , right ? Well , if you 're reading this and have read other product reviews , I 'm sure you also know how misguided my notion of `` easy '' was . Many products were listed several times with slightly different listings -LRB- this one included -RRB- and had extremely different reviews
 I have two cats , one who is very large and very annoying every morning looking for breakfast . I previously tried an automatic feeder that dispensed food , but he was able to figure out how to get his paw up inside and pull the food out . The second one was a two compartment feeder and he destroyed it the first day . This one so far has been great . He has n't been able to destroy it or get the food out , and he now knows the machine feeds him in the morning and has stopped pestering . The minor downsides to this product are : a -RRB- It is kind of loud when it rotates -LRB- I live in a small condo -RRB- b -RRB- the battery does n't last very longc -RRB- I had troubles getting the battery in and I had to screw the closure for the battery on loosely . Otherwise you could just press down on the center piece and it would rotate -LRB- and I did n't want the cat to figure that out ! -RRB- d -RRB- It would be so much better if it had a programmable timer , or more options for setting the timing .
 I bought this feeder to take care of our cats when we were going to be out of town for the weekend . Previously , we had always brought them to a friend or family member 's house . After reading the mixed reviews , I gave this feeder a try mainly because of its cost and functions . Like others have indicated , because of the lighter weight construction , I can see how larger dogs can easily break into this top cover , but for cats and small dogs , it has n't been a problem yet.Things I Like : - Price -LRB- much cheaper than others available , none of which rated any higher -RRB- - easy to use -LRB- only 3 button/switches ; Power , time interval and , activate -RRB- - multiple time interval settings-has cooling trays included , but cant see how that would have any benefit past 1 day-now use it to feed cats every morning -LRB- they do n't wake us up anymore -RRB- even when we are homeThings I did n't Like : - only 6 sections , instead of 7 to accommodate a full week @ 24hr feeding cycle-no plug-in power option -LRB- have to always buy 9v batteries -RRB- - plastic tabs that lock everything together , I feel like they will get worn out or break with frequent use-wish the food tray rotates instead of just the cover
 Our cats are very demanding about being fed . They 'll over eat , so we ca n't let them free feed . We tried a digital auto-feeder that would spit out a controlled amount . They figured out how to turn the auger to make it spit out more , so that did n't work . Then we hand fed them for a while . Ugh . We were so sick of being stomped on and meowed at at 5:30 am every single morning . And no , it did n't help to throw them out of the room - they just pawed on the door ! After just a few days of using this feeder for 2 of their 4 daily feedings , they now let us sleep through their first feeding and wo n't wake us up until they think it 's time for their second . Yay ! I only wish it had more compartments . I do n't like refilling it so often.As for the people who 've complained that their cats broke in , I thought I had the same problem ... until I read the review by the guy saying that the cats were breaking in because it was n't properly put together . He was so right . I stood up next to the feeder , put my foot on top of the center , and put my weight on it until it snapped into place . Whew !
 I bought this to feed my cat while I go away for the weekend , but in trying it out I found that it is quite helpful for everyday use for an overweight food-focused cat who does n't like to be on a diet and constantly begs for food . Since I started using this , instead of meowing at me constantly for food , she now sits by the feeder waiting for it to open . Some little annoyances
 My cat tends to overeat , and if I leave enough food for a few days when I am away , she eats it all at once . This feeder allows `` portion control '' : -RRB-
 The feeder is nice . It comes in handy for my cat that thinks she needs to be fed 24/7 . she knows there is food there and knows right about when it is going to go off . kinda wish there was more spaces for food , or maybe a 4hr timer , but we can get use to it . It is nice tho to know exactly how much i am feeding her . each dish hold 3/4 of a cup -LRB- the max amount according to the package on the food i buy -RRB- . There are a couple of things to be aware of
 Overall works good . Is a bit tough to align motor mechanism after filling compartments . Wish it could be set for 8 hours but otherwise works fine .
 Have been using this dish for several years with our other two cats ; just got another kitten so we needed another dish . Works great . Perfect for when you travel but also great for everyday . We set ours for 5am and 5pm and on weekends we can sleep in without them waking us up and in the evening we do n't have to worry if we get home late . Would highly recommend .
 So far , I like this pet feeded . I bought it for my rabbit since I 'm planning a week long vacation in a month . I 've been testing it , and have completely stopped giving him food myself since it seems to work so well.My only concern is that it does n't seem to feed at the same time everyday . I 'm a little concerned that the timer does n't work well and it may skip meals at some point or the battery may completely die . So far so good though .
 I already own 2 of these and ordered a third one for my niece . It 's a great way to make sure pets are fed even when you ca n't get home to set out food personnaly . Works well if you are trying to control portions and eating times in order for pets to loose weight . A single 9 volt lasts well over 6 months .
 I was concerned that my dog would spend the whole time trying to pry open the machine as she could clearly smell food was there.So I watched her carefully during a weekend and she did at first spend about twenty minutes trying to open it . Then she gave up and now when I leave it for her in the morning she 's ok with just waiting for it to open . the frozen compartments are a nice feature
 The ice trays wont keep wet food cold for more than a day but it works perfect for dry food and you cant beat the price compared to other similar units . One item of note , the timer period starts when you switch it on so you cant set the exact time it cycles , you have to turn it ON at the desired time and it will cycle from that point on -LRB- until it is turned off -RRB-
 This product worked great for leaving our pet cat for a week . We tested it prior to leaving . Our pet caught on quick and the timing mechanism has worked flawlessly . It makes leaving your pet and imposing on a friend or neighbor to check on them less an inconvenience . For the price , ease of use , care of your pet , and convenience of temporary caretakers -- you ca n't go wrong with this purchase .
 This device was easy to use , and worked very well . We have 3 cats . We bought 1 dish for each of them . Works for either canned food or dry kibble .
 This has saved me from getting woken up every morning between 4 and 5 AM because my cat decides he wants breakfast . Now he knows he just has to wait for the auto-feeder and to not bother me . It 's also really nice for over the holidays , since my family lives in a different state . The 6 days is inclusive , since that last dish is never closed . It 's also kind of awkward finding a place to put it that my cat can get all the way around to eat , since the white part is the part that turns , not the dish . My cat always figures it out , though . Be careful when the battery starts to get low , it wo n't turn all the way and will turn very , very slowly . The 9 volt generally lasts about 6 months , and I use this feeder for daily use -LRB- set at the 24 or 12 hour setting -RRB- . All things considered , still a great product .
 I use this for my cat and she eats every 6 hrs . And it is also great when my family goes out of town cause I dont have to have anyone come over to feed her .
 We were going on vacation so ordered the product 2 weeks befor we left to make sure it worked as we needed , it worked great . Only disapointment we had was that the small clear plastic piece on the very top , that covers the timer & such , was broke . We only use dry cat food never wet , so did n't need to use the ice packs .
 We got this feeder for our kitty for when we leave for the weekend basically . It works really well and I definitely trust it to feed the beast when we 're not there . Nice and simple design makes it a pretty easy for anyone to set up .
 great product recieved very quick , only wish it held a little more only does about 3/4 cup of dogs food , but its just enough
 Something that I did n't think about was the $ $ saved on the cat food I was wasting , as well as having a chubby kitty because I would over feed her when I was away for a few days . No complaints , it works great !
 This `` magic dish '' has transformed my life . My cat used to wake me up around 4:00 a.m. for his breakfast . I was feeding him twice a day once in the morning and again in the evening . Now I set the dish for every six hours and carefully measure out his dry food . So , he gets fed four times a day and does n't wake me up!Also , I can control the food portion more easily by filling up just the right amount once a day and letting the dish do its magic , so he 's actually losing a few ounces which he needed to.Great product , easy to keep clean using dry cat food . Runs on a 9 volt battery so perfectly safe . Just wish I had purchased this years ago !
 It arrived with some confusing instructions but I managed to get it working quickly.The first time it looks fragile , the instructions say to lift off something below the ` center control module ' where the battery compartment should be located . . this is confusing as it could be the bottom of the controls or is it talking about the bottom of the entire dish ? It turned out to be the bottom of the top controls @___ @ , it took awhile to attempt to open it without fear of destroying the entire thing.As cheap as it feels I 'm glad the 've put on some rubber stoppers at the bottom so it feels sturdy enough for my cats without it moving around . No attempts yet so far to break it open .
 We have had this feeder for two years now and have not had a problem . Our cat who is very normally all about finding ways to get to her food has n't broken the item at all . I wonder if some of the complaints on here are people who maybe did n't click all of the pieces together completely . I know when we were putting it together it felt like we were going to break it to get it together all the way but we did n't :o-RRB- The only con that I can see is that it would n't work so well as a wet food feeder using the provided ice packs , they are n't insulated to they would melt pretty quickly . Some tips if you are using it while you are away
 This 6 day feeder works well enough . I purchased two of them , one for each cat . I 've had them for about 2 yrs and they still work . There are 3 different feeding times
 I 've had this feeder for over 2 years and it finally broke . I 'm sure there is a way to fix it , but neither my husband or I are that savvy . We had it rotate only once a day after I read that it is the best way to teach your cat how to eat properly . My cat has lost 2.5 pounds by using this . She 's down to 9 pounds . In the beginning it was hard because she did n't regulate her meals , but after a couple of weeks she had it down and now she usually has food left over when it rotates . We put it in a corner and she stands on the lid when she goes to get the ones in the back so we never have to worry about her not being able to get food or having to place the bowl in the middle of some room . We went on a 10 day vacation and doubled up the food for some of the days and that worked out well too . As far as battery usage goes we go through one about every 6-9 months -LRB- I 'm sure if you cycle more you 'll use the battery quicker -RRB- . The only thing that I would change if I could is for it to hold more days and have a timer that you could set , but I 'm not willing to pay more , so it wo n't be happening for me . My cat never tried to pry it open , so I ca n't vouch for how durable it may be . I will be ordering a new one now .
 I very - VERY - nervously purchased this feeder for my cat , who has food security issues and is notorious for getting into the garbage and breaking into the cabinets to eat whatever he can get his mouth on . Seriously , I 'm kind of amazed he has n't figured out how to open the fridge yet . But he 's still young , so who knows.Because of his food issues , Mr. CrankyCat is extremely sensitive about his meal times . Meaning , he starts howling for dinner or breakfast about an hour before he knows it 's coming - just to make sure I do n't forget . Yeah , he 's a thoughtful guy , although that 's not usually how I feel about it at 5:30 am when he starts up.At first , I thought this thing was a piece of garbage - my cat quickly figured out how to twirl the top and boom , it was buffet time . Then I did something revolutionary - I read the directions . I know , crazy , right?Turns out you have to snap the center part into place in TWO spots , not just one . If you miss one of them , any kitty with half his wits about him will figure out how to break into it . If you lodge the center part properly , it 's extremely secure . Secure enough that my guy has given up on trying to break into it , which is nothing short of a miracle.Yes , it 's a little annoying that you have to turn it on at precisely the time you want it to start it 's timer , but really - you 'd be feeding your cat at that time anyway , right ? So you have to fill a few more compartments at the same time , big whoop . It wo n't kill you.It took my cat a while to understand that I did not actually need to be present for the food to magically appear in the feeder . Now , he leaps like a reindeer on Christmas when he hears the motor whirring and is off like a shot . He even lets me sleep in a little later now , although he sits on my bedside table and watches me sleep until I get up . Creeper .
 We had an older Automatic pet Dish which was more complicated to operate . This worked great - we used it for the four days we were away and would recommend it thus far .
 The feeder is great and works as advertised but my cat is deathly afraid of it for some reason . It does n't open very fast or make all that much noise but she wo n't go near it .
 I 'm so happy I got this for my dog . I never have to worry about him not being fed while I &#34; m gone longer than usual or overnigth . I feel comforted in knowing that he is fed.The product works great . I have no complaints . It 's pretty much plug and play.It requires a 9volt battery though which is not included so make sure to purchase that as well .
 The Automatic Pet dish is a great thing to help out when you are away from home for a day or so . It is well made .
 I really like the simple , yet practical design of this product , with six total compartments . It does what it is designed to do , making portion control very easy . And when I am out of town overnight , it give me peace of mind knowing that my cat will get his food at regular intervals . The price is very reasonable , too .
 We 've had this feeder for a couple years , and use it when we go out of town for the weekend . Our cat is VERY fond of her food , but she has never managed to damage or force the feeder in any way . We only feed dry food , so I 've never tried to use the ice packs , but it 's good to know the option is there.This is a pretty basic model - you ca n't set it for a specific time in advance -LRB- it 's just the 6/12/24 hours -RRB- , it is n't super-quiet -LRB- but not super-loud either -RRB- , and it 's kind of clunky . But it works , and we are probably buying a 2nd one because we now have two cats .
 This thing is great . We travel a great deal and on short trips of a weekend or so , this is perfect . For longer trips , our pet sitter comes every other day and refills it , saving us money on her fees . It always works and we have a destructive cat who tries everything she can to open it . There are even teeth and claw marks on the top where she tried to get it open . We tried another model and she did get it open , not this one . Awesome product .
 I 've owned this for at least three years now . I 've found I need to change the batteries about every four months but I keep it set to feed every 12 hours so this is acceptable to me . My cat 's biggest complaint is that her owner sometimes neglects to fill it often enough but she has discovered that biting her stupid sleeping human will prompt the lazy human into action . LOLThat aside this device has enabled me to get my overweight cat down to a healthy weight . I use only dry food so I did n't fill the included water bottles at first but I 've found that filling them helps add weight to the unit that keeps it more stable on the floor . -LRB- I was very pleased to find they do n't leak too ! -RRB- This device has gone through some abuse , drops of 6 feet , sustained sub zero temps and triple digit temps as well . It has a few scratches and some gouges but it is still perfectly usable . The unit does run slowly when the batteries are getting low . I use this as a warning to have fresh batteries ready . Battery hatch is screwed in with a small Phillips head screw that I 've learned to keep a special small head Phillips screw driver with the cat food to ensure that I can get he thing open . Getting the battery to make good contact is sometimes a challenge but so far I 've always succeeded . I 've considered getting a second unit and setting both to open at 24 hr intervals ... 12 hours apart from each other . Then I really could go 6 days without having to fill it but then as my cat has convinced me I 'm a bit lazy !
 My cats were driving me near the brink of insanity with their whining for food at 5am . As a last ditch effort , i decided to buy this automatic feeder , even though i assumed my cat would figure out a way to sabotage it . This machine is a godsend . My cats ca n't get into it , and they do n't whine for their food nearly as much . Instead , they sit patiently in front of the feeder from 5am until it goes off at 6:15 . it 's just so wonderful ! If i could change it in any way , it would be to add a clock to it to set precisely when the machine goes off . It 's a little inconvenient how you have to be at the feeder when you want to change the time . Meaning if you want to change the time from 7am to 5am , you have to be at the machine either at 5am or 5pm , since it works on a 12 or 24 hour interval . If your cats are whiners , save yourself some suffering and buy this now !
 i feed my cat a small amount of dry food twice a day . this is the only automatic feeder that allows you to control the portion -LRB- at least at small amounts -RRB- and has reasonable capacity -LRB- 6 holes -RRB- . this was the second one of these that i 've purchased -LRB- and amazon 's price -LRB- $ 40-50 or so -RRB- is significantly less than the first one i bought -LRB- $ 60-70 -RRB- , and i got the first one at the cheapest price available -- at the time it was n't offered by amazon -RRB- . anyway , i bought the second one so that we could leave the cat home alone for longer that 3 max days at a time . the second feeder allows us to go out of town a few days longer with the peace of mind that he 'll continue being fed properly and on time.it 's easy to use , easy to clean , and of relatively solid construction . my cat 's tried to figure out ways to trick it to open , and so far it has n't happened -LRB- unless it 's low on batteries -- see below -RRB- . although this is the best auto feeder on the market at the moment , there are some things that would improve it greatly . we 've been using the original feeder for a couple years now , but the motor/middle section does n't seem to be a reliable mechanism and i would n't be surprised if it up and died one day . at the same time , it has been going almost every day for the past 2 years and has been pretty reliable.we had to remove the button for advancing the feeder a couple months in , since it got stuck and the top was turning continuously . now we just have to use a pen or stick a finger into the hole to press the button . not a big deal , but a little ghetto.it drains batteries a little quicker than i 'd prefer , but it 's not terrible . when the battery is running low , it malfunctions in different ways . sometimes it 'll only turn halfway . other times it 'll turn partially and then reverse itself -- in these instances my poor cat could n't access his meal . other times , it 'll turn when it 's not supposed to -- in these instances my cat got more food than he was supposed to and was quite happy about that.also , the clear plastic flap covering the middle controls has broken off -- part of my cat 's attempts to trick the system . again , just a superficial thing since it has n't affected the functioning so far.a digital control with more options with a low-battery indicator would improve this feeder greatly . the ultimate feeder would be like the petmate le bistro feeder but could dispense small amounts and not allow pets to figure out how to pull out food by themselves . my cat would figure that one out so quick and probably get so fat . so this feeder is still MUCH better than anything out there at the moment . i would still recommend it .
 I have been using this feeder for the past 6 months and it works very well . I have a 23 year old cat who likes to be fed small amounts , several times a day . The 6 hr . cycle is perfect . The first battery drained fairly soon , but I 've had others last 2 months with daily use . I 've been trying to find spare ice packs -LRB- so that I can reload and go without waiting to refreeze the packs -RRB- . Lentek did n't respond to my e-mails so I just ordered a 2nd feeder . I 've had no problem with the cat trying to force the lid even when her favorite flavor is in the next section . For a 30 hr . feeding cycle , I freeze the last 2 meals so that they thaw just in time . She 's a very happy cat .
 We bought this to use to feed our two adult cats whenever we go out of town for a few days . We chose this model because it was reasonably priced and holds enough food for up to six days . The unit has six pie-shaped -LRB- wedge -RRB- sections that you fill with food ; one section is always exposed , so it basically holds food for today plus five more servings . There is a switch that lets you select between 6 , 12 , or 24-hour serving intervals . At the preset interval , the lid advances to the next section . Each section holds enough dry food forup to two cats if you fill them up . There is no clock display on the unit ; there is a manual `` advance '' button on the unit ; whenever you press this , the lid rotates to the next opening and it resets the timer so that it will advance at the preset interval after this , or it will advance at the preset interval after you install the battery -LRB- one 9-volt Alkaline battery -RRB- . There are some small water tanks on the botton that are intended to be filled with water and frozen to keep canned food cold , but they are useless after more than a few hours . Overall , the unit does what it is supposed to do very well , without any complicated clock or timer settings to worry about , and it is large enough to hold a few days worth of food .
 I like this product , it works well for me . I use it when I am gone 2-3 days . I freeze about half the cat 's food -LRB- in the tray -RRB- and refrigerate the rest before putting it in . I also use the ice trays . This way I avoid the problem some people have had with the food going bad . The frozen portion thaws out slowly . When you prepare the tray , be sure the food is in the right slot and rotation so that the frozen food is accessed last .
 One of our cats started waking us up at 4am wanting to be fed . I got three of these things six years ago , and the problem was solved . They have plastic gear mechanisms , and one of them wore out becasue the mechanism got clogged with cat food crud . Mostly my mistake , as now I know they should be popped apart and cleaned once a year or so . Anyway , I am back on Amazon to buy another one , which is testimony to the quality and value that I see for this item . As for the complaint that the eat batteries , I bought an AC/DC converter and some 9 volt battery connection clips at Radio Shack for about $ 15 that runs all three of my machines from one outlet plug . But these days I would recommend rechargeable -LRB- 9volt -RRB- batteries such as the Ray-o-Vac rechargeable system that is also available on Amazon at a great price .
 My cat is pretty smart and extremely food motivated so I was very pessimistic after reading all the reviews on automatic feeders . Of all that is currently out there , I chose this one as it seemed to be the hardest to pry open.My cat does tricks for food , has managed to open every kitchen cabinet and doors with round knobs . However , after two months now , there are significant scratches on the lid but this feeder has remaind unscathed and operable.Some downfalls of the feeder
 I 've had this bowl for about a year and a half for my cat . When we got a new kitten , I was happy enough with this product to purchase another one . Both work well , the timer is accurate , and I do n't have to worry about my boys when I 'm at class and work all day.My only complaint is battery consumption . What I did -LRB- and what I recommend to other buyers -RRB- is to use rechargable 9 volt batteries . I actually have 2 batteries , so one is charging while the other is in the machine . That way when it dies , I just swap . Using non-rechargable batteries , you 'll go through at least one every 3 weeks to a month . I would still recommend this product - this minor detail should not make you second guess a purchase .
 8 Day Auto Pet FeederI like this item very much ; it allows me time to do other things and not have to put out food all the time . It works well and I like the fact that it has a timer choice of how often to feed . It was shipped very quickly and in good condition .
 This feeder is a great option for those of us who like to select exactly how much food our pets get . Instead of an automatic 1/4 or 1/3 cup type measurement , you put the food in yourself . The number of slots is adequate for a several day trip , and although your pet will be happy to see you come home , he will be well fed . I do n't use this on a daily basis , but only when I leave town . It 's dependable and great . Highly recommend .
 This thing works great for us . It came with a crack on the cover for the timing mechanism but that was only cosmetic . This thing works great for those that go on vacation for a couple of days that have a cat -LRB- that is only what we use it for -RRB- . Works great if you get home later than usual and you want to keep your pet on a regular schedule.It did not take long for our cat to learn to use the feeder . It is funny because she could be away from it and hear the motor turning the lid and she will bolt to the feeder to eat . It is great to keep our cat on a regular schedule as she has a internal clock and will not let you forget it is feeding time . She is sneaky and tries to get us to feed her , and you have to check to make sure she did not miss it but after you check and she knows you know she backs down.Great product to keep your pet on schedule , especially early in the morning if you want to sleep in and works great if you are out of the house for a couple of days as the feeder only holds enough for that -LRB- we feed two times a day -RRB- otherwise longer if you put a whole days worth in each compartment.It says you can put fresh food in by using the cold pack holder which we do not use . Battery life seems impressive as it has not worn out yet , has a flashing green light to let you know it still has power . We love it , definitely would recommend it .
 My kitties eat too much if I use a cat food dispenser . This allows me to have control over portion size and frequency of feeding . I use it for dry food only . Has worked very well !
 Great product - easy to use . Perfect for dry food but works well with canned food too . Highly recommend .
 Lentek PD06G 6-Day Automatic Pet DishThis product works great , needed to figure out how to set initial time as instructs are sparse on this subject , easy to set interval time but I only have it set for 2 hours . Great for small pets on daily feeding . Should have some type of information on how long a battery will last so it wo n't stop working while gone for 6 days .
 I love the feeder because it means I can spend the night at my boyfriend 's without worrying about feeding Elvis . And Elvis loves it because it gives him food every 6 hours -LRB- more regularly than I do ! -RRB- . My one criticism is having to choose 6/12/24 hour increments . I wish there were more flexibility in setting the time . But for the price , it 's great .
 Great for a weekend trip out of town . The time adjustment is very handy to make sure food is always available . I fed 2 cats for 3 days with the 12 hour setting . Easy to clean , as well .
 I bought this to use when I went on vacation and have enjoyed it so much that I use it on a regular basis now . I have not had any issues with it not going off , and my cats enjoy a regular feeding time -LRB- versus whenever I could get home in the evening to feed them -RRB- .
 I have 2 cats and one is getting chubby , plus I 'm tired of always feeding them regularly . I needed this for when I was out of town anyway . This is great for feeding them a certain amount of food without overfeeding them . I do n't plan on using it for canned food with the ratings I saw on the site . Besides , it 's not vacuum packed to keep the canned food from spoiling and the ice packs are kind of cheap on the bottom -- a gel that lasts longer than frozen water in them would work better and the manufacturer should have thought of that .
 It does what it says it will do . When I first got it , I kept trying to open it by prying on the central turning mechanism , but have found it is much easier to pull it open by the cover . The lid really needs to be * snapped * into place for it to lock , otherwise it will just float on top and clever kitties can just knock it over . Also , it 's easy to forget which tray is the last day of food , so I just threw a poker chip in the last day 's compartment as a reminder to refill it.Also , my cat does n't beg me for food every time I pass the closet . Instead , she has become used to the strict feeding schedule and will wait for the machine to feed her . Great for kitty weight loss !
 I love this dish ! No problems . I bought it so that I could feed my cat twice a day instead of just once - she seems so much happier now . She learned quickly that when she hears the motor turning she gets food , but the motor is not loud enough to be annoying . Perfect for the animal owner who does n't want feeding times to control their social life .
 I bought this to feed my cat while my husband and I were away for a long weekend . It seemed to work fine . I had a friend stop by one day to check it , and everything was working well . My cat , who loves to eat , was not able to pry off the lid or coax any food out of the feeder earlier than scheduled . Next time I will feel safe leaving her by herself for several days without anyone checking on her !
 We bought the product because we were going away for a week and did n't want to ask friends to stop by twice a day to feed our cat . Our cat will gorge herself if she has access to food 24/7 , so she gets fed twice a day and this machine works well for us . What we do n't like about it are its limitations - it only can be set at 6 , 12 or 24 hour intervals , so there is no flexibility - and the fact that it is a very low-quality made item . You have to really get used to how it operates . Also , the cold pack is just a thing you can put water in and freeze it . It does n't stay cold for very long.We tried a fancier , more expensive feeder which would feed at set times but it was unreliable and did n't always give the right amount of food . At least this one always give the right amount .
 when I got it , t was bigger than I thought I put it together and first I put in wet food for my cat the cat just looked at it , so then I put in dry food and put in in the other room . My cat eats out of it all the time now . I is quiet and easy to wash .
 You can only use 3 , 6 , or 12 hours settings . If you want to set the time , you ca n't and if you have more than two cats , it wo n't work.You have to set the feeder in the middle of the room or the cats will have to clime over it.It does give a little more time on feeding .
 Great product that allowed us to leave the cat at home for 5 days . He 's the kind of cat that you ca n't just leave him a pile of food ... . it would be gone in the first 8 hours . Like how it has different timer settings . Just make sure you have it properly assembled and press the button to advance it around so you know your pet wo n't starve .
 Easy to set up and use . Works great . Money well spent for Pease of mind . My cat has to take medicine 2 times a day , and I was worried about not being able to keep to an every 12 hours schedule . So now I put the pill in the tray with a couple of her favorite cat treats and presto she comes a running when she hears the whirr whirr as the next compartment is opened every 12 hours . I even feel confident enough to take a long weekend trip now !
 I have two cats that I feed two times a day so I ordered two of the cat feeders . The boxes came packed together in one box and the plastic tops over the timers were broken on both upon arrival . I set them up and began teaching the cats to use them . I have used other automatic cat feeders and the cats have ripped them apart . So far the cats have not figured out how to get into the dishes except when they are automatically opened . The only problem seems to be the noise when it opens it scares the cats away and it takes some time to get them to go back . I assume they will get used to the noise and in fact look forward to it . So far I am satisfied with the performance of the dishes and I am mostly happy with the product . Just should have been packaged a little better . Up to now I have tape on the two broken covers to the timers .
 I bought this as a gift for my father . He goes away on business trips a lot and this has saved him the problem of finding someone to come over to take care of his cat . He was amazed that it worked so well and that when he returned from his trip there was plenty of food for the cat . I would suggest this feeder to anyone !
 Our cat loves this feeder - we use it when we are going out of town so the neighbor does n't have to come feed her twice a day . We have a cat who will eat all the food she sees , so it has to be portioned out daily ! When she hears it turn , she ca n't get there fast enough . The first time she saw it , she was a little leary - but the food reined her in !!!!!
 Good pet feeder , but it only lasts for five sessions . If you are leaving the house for longer too bad . I wish it could be plugged into the wall rather than a battery . You have to be around to know if the battery has gone bad . It is a bit hard to fill as the middle part needs to be pried up . I can do it with my fingers , but my girlfriend has to use a screwdriver as a lever .
 Item works as described . My 6 month old cat has n't broken into it -- not sure he could . Just wish it plugged in , as a 9 volt does n't last real long .
 Not sure why it is called a 6 day feeder when there are only 5 compartments that will open automatically . I work nights and have 3 cats , so I bought 3 of them . As long as the top is completely snapped in all the way , the cats can not open it no matter how hard they try . My only complaint is that I wish it had a clock where you could set the timer at any time during the day . You have to turn it on exactly when you want it to feed from 6 , 12 or 24 hours from now . You ca n't turn it on and preset the times to feed . That is the only drawback . Other than that , it works when it should , and I no longer feel guilty if I 'm late getting home .
 Our pets enjoy the routine of this automatic pet dish . They seem to know when it is going to begin and both the dog & cat gather around just before it turns on ! Robb .
 The feeder works fine . Guess she 's just lonely . Maybe we should put a mouse in one of the compartments ...
 I have had this bowl for my cat for over 5 years and it 's still working fine . I like it because I can keep track of how much she is eating . The other automatic bowls dump food from a large storage container into the bowl , which makes it impossible to know if your animal is getting the correct amount of food . Another perk is that you can put any amount of food into each compartment as opposed to the predetermined amount dispensed by the other feeders . If you want a feeder which can automatically feed your animal for a long time without any intervention , this bowl is not for you . But if you want to keep your pet eating a certain amount of food at regular intervals , this is the bowl for you !
 After 4 or 5 years , the motor is finally going out so I just bought a new one . I have no idea how some cats are lifting the lid ... Maybe owners are n't clicking the lid down hard enough ? Also , my review is based on dry food only -LRB- I do n't feed wet food -RRB- . I agree with others that this is really for just a couple days -LRB- I feed 2X a day -RRB- , but by then it 's good for a cat sitter to stop by anyway .
 Our tomcat will eat whatever is left out for him , no matter how large/small the portion . We needed a way to regulate his food intake while on a 5 day vacation . We set the dish up several days before we left to ensure it would work properly and to introduce that this was the way the food would show up while we were gone -LRB- and to see how/if it worked -RRB- . He aligned to it quickly . He attempted to break in to the other compartments but did not succeed ! Product worked as advertised . Easy for humans to figure out , easy to clean . Well worth the money .
 I bought this for my kitten in mid 2002 and used it every Saturday until the mechanism finally died in August 2011 . I think that must be some sort of record - lasted 9 years . I have never had a problem and am about to order two new ones - replace original one for original cat and new one for new kitten . True , that you can only set on 6 , 12 , and 24 hour intervals , so I usually set it for 12 hours as soon as I feed the cat at his regular time in the morning . Freeze packs have always worked well for me in keeping the canned food cold until feeding time . Rarely had to fill food for all five covered chambers except on long holiday weekends when I was away . Good sense of security when I had to do it though.The claw marks on the unit are proof that my smarty cat could n't get to the goods ahead of time . I have n't found a better automatic cat feeder to replace it with . Brother-in-laws cat feeder that looks similar could be set at any time with variable time intervals , BUT the chamber cover is spring loaded and a smart cat could figure out how to turn it ahead of schedule . Have n't found a better product in 9 years so I 'm re-ordering .
 So far , So good - I 've had it about a month -LRB- and I bought it on craigslist , in perfect condition for a very fair price -RRB- . Like anything new in their environment , the cats were initially cautious , however , once they associated it with food -LRB- ! -RRB- , now they come right over when the hear the `` sound '' or when I 'm fiddling with it.I have two cats - V and L : L is fat and likes to eat and is not very athletic . This feeder is just for her and works perfectly for her . She has not even tried to bust it open , even though she sniffs it a little after I put the food in , she is satisfied that she can not reach the food and wanders away . L is a very simple cat.My other cat V is thin and just a nibbler , and is very curious and athletic , her seperate , open food dish is up high , so L ca n't reach it , and so V can nibble all day . If I put V 's food in this timed feeder , I have no doubt she would outsmart it and/or break it open in a day.Notes : * I found it easy to set . * Quiet , even in my small apt . -LRB- but I live in the city , which is noisy itself -RRB- . * I found it straightforward to pop apart and add food , just pay attention to the compartments so they are lined up properly for re-assembly -LRB- ex
 I got this automatic pet dish because I was looking for someway to stop my cat 's overeating . I did n't want to have to remember to give him a little bit of food every six hours so this dish does it for me . My brother did overfill it once so it would n't turn but when I just put small amounts of food in each compartment , it works great . I would recommend it to anyone who has a pet that has to eat everything it sees at once .
 The product serves its purpose but there are two downsides :1 -RRB- The timer options of 6 , 12 or 24 hours are too restrictive . If I miss the hour in advance , I have had to set my alarm in the night so as to set it for next day .2 -RRB- There needs to be a reverse button . It 's difficult to know which slot to put food in for one feeding and advancing the cover 5 times uses up the battery power each time.Overall , I am pleased with the feeder and my cat has not been able , so far , to break into it.Thank you .
 Although it took awhile to get here , once the dish came it worked well . I wish you could set up different times but you ca n't so you work with it . It is taking my cat awhile to get used to the new feeding times -LRB- every 12 hours -RRB- but she is adjusting . As I work swing shifts it keeps her on a routine I ca n't provide .
 Just a quick note . We got this so we could go on vacation and make sure our cat was fed even if the neighbors forgot to come by . This feeder worked so well , they did not even need to bother.Recommended !
 I ordered this after reading such great reviews , an also compared it to other dishes without such great reviews . I was a little worried that it might be to big for my dog . I have a 17 year old , 5 pound dog . I was worried she may not be able to get the food out of the dish well , or that the dish would be to big for her , or that the turning would be loud and startle her . But it could n't be any better . The turning does not make a loud noise or jerk at all and it does not scare her . the coating of the plastic is such that the wet food does not stick to it or get stuck in the corners that she might not get to . She only uses 2 of the compartments during the day , so I do n't use the other ones , but I am still glad I got this one over the other dishes with the 4 compartments because it just works great ! It is easy to figure out , use , and program . It takes 9 volt battery , so if you are in a hurry to use it when it gets to you , you might want to head to the store for the 9 volt .
 We 're relatively new cat owners but quickly found that this brush head is perfect for removing excess hair from our kitty when the weather gets warm . Since he 's an indoor cat this surely saves on finding pet hairs on carpeting and furniture.Our cat loves to be brushed whether he needs it or not , so this is a special treat for him . We just brush away while watching television - such purring you have never heard !
 I was skeptical to buy this after reading the reviews , but it was the only product I found that did what I needed . I needed a two dish feeder where both compartments would open at the same time , and this was the only one I could find.The instructions are not helpful at all and it might be a little light-weight for medium or large dogs , but it 's perfect for my needs and it 's always worked properly .
 Everyone that comes to our house has to laugh when the dogs ring the bell to go out . Very fast learning curve for the dogs . One of my dogs will occasionally lay down with the paw between her paws and put 1 paw on it so it barks continuously until I come . No problem with the range . I did have one that stopped working after a year and Lentex replaced it , with a compelete new unit , immediately .
 One of my dogs was only shown this once & she started using it right away , my other dog took a while . Funny story ... I 've had this product about a month now . Today it is raining -LRB- my dog does n't like the rain as it gets in her face annoying her -RRB- today the doggie door was open but because it was raining she pressed the dog doorbell ... she wanted me to turn off the rain , lol ! Did n't work , but she tried !! I love this product & so do my dogs . Its well worth the investment & fun to train ! * two thumbs up from us *
 This works great ! However , be aware that once your dog learns how to use it , they really use ! I think she is taking advantage of it a little bit . I would recommend it to anyone with a new pet .
 I have had this pet chime dog doorbell system for one year . The system I have worked great at its intended purpose . My dog was scratching to let us know when she wanted to go out and when we bought a new house I did n't want the new doorjambs to be covered in scratches . It took about two weeks to teach her to ring the bell consistently without first trying scratching . During this period I had some dog booties that she wore so that she was n't scratching the wood during the training period . Training her to use it was not difficult . The product worked very well for the first eight months . I did n't have the problems with range from the receiver that some reviewers had with their units . Our receiver was about 15 feet from the furthest `` paw '' bell . At about eight months the outdoor receiver started to act up by getting stuck when the dog rings it and chiming over and over and sometimes being triggered by rain or wind and ringing repeatedly . Jiggling the paw stops it and it has n't happened enough yet for us to trash it but seems to be getting worse . I am planning to order one of their replacement transmitter paws for about $ 12 , not including shipping . I think we were fortunate that our unit worked as well as it did , given others comments it seems there is inconsistency in the quality of the product .
 This is the best tool ever ! It took my dog 20 minutes to learn what this was for -LRB- through clicker training -RRB- . I 've had mine for 4 years and it has been through much use ! I 'm looking for a replacement just in case mine ever breaks . I 'm so glad I found it ! I do n't know what I would do without it ! If taught in steps -LRB- again , through clicker training -RRB- it 's very useful .
 My dogs have had a great time playing with the doorbell , learning that it gets the door opened for them , and the praise that comes with it . It 's easy to activate the bell and that makes it a lot of fun .
 I like the product a lot and I will continue to use it . It only took a couple of days to get my dog trained on this.However , the biggest downside is that the wireless receiver does not work from 100 ' away like the product description says . Luckily , I can still hear the receiver from upstairs and I have set it up a couple of feet away from the paw . The biggest issue is that my dog pushes the paw around trying to press it and it easily goes out of range so that even is she does hit it just right it wo n't make the sound . I 'm going to try tacking it to the floor to fix this.So , the product works , just not as described . And you have to do some tweaking to get it to work for you.DO NOT purchase this product if you do not mean to put the receiver REALLY close to the paw .
 I bought this for my dog that wo n't bark to go out . Although she wo n't use it -LRB- her fault not the unit 's -RRB- my other dog does use it and it works well . One caveat , it only works inside the house - the push paw and wireless receiver work well from different rooms inside the house -LRB- or the same room -RRB- , and we use two push paws with the one receiver -LRB- one at the front door and one at the back door . -RRB- However , once the dog is outside , they can not use the paw . The receiver wo n't respond through a closed door so putting one push paw outside wo n't work . It works through a screen door , though . One word of warning - I trained both dogs to use it by rewarding them with treats after pushing it - so at first my too-smart-dog decided he would request treats by pushing the paw repeatedly to get one ! He gave up after a while of not getting anything but being put outside . Now after 8 years of using it -LRB- we did go about a year without using it -RRB- he has settled to using it occasionally when he does n't want to bark and we do n't already know he wants to go out . Good product , does what it is supposed to do - would gave 4.5 stars because it wo n't work through a door .
 Awesome product , dog still does n't understand it but I think it 'll click eventually ! Shipped quickly and at a great price .
 Shipped fast ; good price . Although the photo only shows the bell part of the product , it comes complete with the paw for the dog to press . Product operates as it should . We are still working on getting the puppy to use it consistently .
 We love the puppy door bell and it was received right on time ! We had already trained our schnoodle to ring a small bell hanging on the back door when it was time to go outside , but we now use this for her to let us know when it 's time to come back in without scratching on the door.She is not big enough to push the button down with her paw so she has learned to push it with her nose.Our only problem is that she really has n't made the connection yet that the doorbell should be used before we open the door . We 'll keep working on this .
 We use our door chime about 15-20ft from the paw pads and it works fine !
 I 've used the pet chime for a couple years . It 's great but it 's not perfect . Sometimes the paws stop working and you have to shake them.They are also sensitive to moisture and freezing . Mine never get wet but they stil have a problem with the weather . The one problem I have is how do you tell your dog you can only ring the bell if you need to go to the bathroom . Not just because you want to check out the front yard for a minute and come right back in . : -RRB-
 We love this doggy doorbell . Our dog has used it for some 7 or so years . I do n't know what we would do without it . I am on my second purchased product . Our dog just steps on the paw which is outside our back door and we let him in . I trained the behavior using Operant conditioning or positive reinforcement . Visitors are so impressed and interested when they see it work . Our neighbors do n't have to hear a dog barking to be let inside or our door is not scratched up from the dog trying to get our attention .
 Difficult making my dog understand she no longer needs hit the door springing thing . When I ring it , she thinks someone is at the front door !
 It 's simple . It 's useful . And the home and office have been accident-free since we got it . Also , people think it 's hilarious that my dog uses a doorbell .
 Very easy to install and has great range . I stared with the button and the bell next to each other so Sadie could relate the pushbutton , chime -LRB- barking -RRB- and the door opening . It took 3 times for her to figure it out . Great tool for the dog that does not bark .
 This product entertained not only our family but any who came to visit . I trained my rottweiler to first learn to step on the paw by rewarding her with treats and praise . This took 1 afternoon . I then placed the paw on the front porch and my husband would ask her to step on the paw - I would open the door and praise her . This took 1 hour . That evening we put her out for her nighttime rounds . We were startled an hour later when the doorbell rang - it was our rott . We laughed when we opened the door . She uses it faithfully and people are amazed when they visit . I love this product !!
 I absolutely love this product . It was very easy to train my dog to it . I 've given it to a lot of my friends . It is perfect for dogs who are very pawsy , they will pick up stepping on this very easily . I love it because when my dog needs to go out he is very hard to see hiding by the back door .
 This product is great . I was looking for something my dog could use to signal to us when she needed to go outside that we could actually HEAR when we were in far away rooms of the house . She already knew how to use the `` hotel counter '' type bell , but it just was n't loud enough for us when we were upstairs and we would come down to find an accident on the carpet . This solved the problem . It was very easy to train her on because she already knew how to ring the other bell , the pad was a little different , but she figured it out very quickly . The only downside , as others have mentioned , is she rings it when she wants just about anything , like some of our dinner or to go for a walk . It 's difficult to differentiate -LRB- i.e. to read her mind -RRB- so I ca n't tell her not to ring it because we need her to ring it for the main purpose we got it . Anyway , I ca n't say anything about how far away the chime works from the paw pad because we have them very close for our purposes . Other than that I would recommend it for anyone who needs to solve any of these problems with their pooch .
 I THOUGHT MY DOGS WERE INCAPABLE OF LEARNING TO TELL ME WHEN THEY NEEDED TO GO OUT.I LOVE TO HEAR THAT DOORBELL RING !!!!
 I got my husband this and a brand new state-of-the-art camcorder for Christmas . He said this was his best present in years . It 's saving our front door from the dog scratching to get in . OK , the naysayers are right ; it did go off on its own once in a while in the first couple of weeks . But we 'd shake it a bit and then it would be fine . It no longer is a problem . Yeah , it feels a bit cheesy ; I doubt it will last forever , but there 's nothing else like it on the market . A word of warning , follow the instructions for training your dog . Our dog has always picked things up super fast so I thought we did n't need to follow the training guidelines ; it took several days before he got it . Anyway , we 're quite happy .
 This item is a wonderful purchase.Received item in a timely manner.Thanks .
 THIS is a great product ! It can be used indoors , to let owners know their dog -LRB- s -RRB- want to go outside ... . or mounted in a dry , secure place outdoors , to allow the dog -LRB- s -RRB- to signal when they want to come back in from their fenced back-yard . It 's pretty easy to teach the dog to hit the `` keypad '' with his nose , and the dog loves the fact that he can come back indoors when he wants ... . instead of hyaving to wait till his owner gets around to it !
 For a couple of months I was struggling to teach my Choc Lab how to use it . He seemed to reach a plateau in the learning phase and would n't move further . This past week I worked from home so he was out of his kennel all day . Something finally clicked with him and the Pet Chime . He has been ringing the doorbell NON-STOP !! Even if it 's only been 5 minutes since he was last out ... he 's ringing it again . So , he 's totally figured out how to cheat the system . I guess I now have to teach him when is the `` appropriate '' time to ring .
 For weeks I was trying to think of how I would get my dog to tell me when he wanted to go out . THis did the trick !
 The pet chime has saved our back door . Our dog used to scratch at the door to be let in until we taught him to use the pet chime . We love the pet chime , although the paw pad did fail after two years and we 've just ordered a replacement . Still not bad though , when you consider we 've left it outside in all kinds of weather -LRB- covered porch -RRB- for two straight years . More than happy to buy another one .
 This is hysterical ! My dog learned to use it in about 20 minutes . I have a one year old lab who would not bark to come in , but rather jump on the door and scratch up the door and screen . This item prevents that ! Very easy to train your dog to use it ! I have thick double sided tape to stick it to my screen door .
 I DID N'T buy this product at first because of the lower reviews . I bought the Tell Bell instead . See my review of Tell Bell , and you 'll see why I bought this product after all . Because of some of these reviews , I bought this product -LRB- the chime -RRB- , plus the `` extra '' Paw Pad . When I received the package , THIS product did arrive with both the pad and the chime unit . So , I wound up with an extra Paw . That 's ok . Better than not getting both parts.Just using common sense training -LRB- click and reward -RRB- to teach my 11 month old , 40lb boxer mix to touch the pad to get the treat on the other side of the glass door , she learned it in less than an hour . It 's easy for her to understand how to make it work.The pad is big enough for her paw , she does n't send it flying when she touches it , it has rubber feet to keep it in place.That was Sunday . Today is Tuesday , and this evening she has already rung it on her own three times because she wanted to go outside -LRB- to see the kitty , but we 'll continue working on WHY to go outside -RRB- . Some reviews complained that the paws stopped working after a couple of years . If this lasts me 2 years and helps me train my dog to let us know when she wants to go out , that 's quite alright with me . The 3-star average review is misleading , especially when compared with other products .
 Got this thing used and it works like a champ . Fully submersible and simple to use . I really like the way you can change the water flow direction at the top . The only downside if any is it 's slight bulky size .
 I like this pick the best simply for the handle . It is much easier to hold on to , especially when it 's muddy . There are many hoof picks out there to chose from but this one is my favorite !
 I have 4 horses , two of them drafts works great and the handle is a nice shape and size to minimize hand cramping while cleaning feet .
 The Oster people obviously have used a hoof pick . This handle has been designed so that you can get some leverage on that wedged in piece of ?? . The whole line of Oster horse care tools is excellent .
 These are nice hoof picks - I had hoped the `` blade '' was somewhat harder than it is ; it bends pretty easily . Still better than the very cheap hoof picks though .
 I am satisfied with this hoof pick . It seems strong enough not to bend when used with dried dirt and comfortable in my hand .
 We use this when trimming our Goats feet ... Works great and makes trimming 45 breeding head feet so much easier . Wouls recommend do anyone using on goats or sheep ... Ca n't help you know if it would work on larger animals because I dont have any
 From a newbie perspective , it works great ! It fits good in my hand and has a handy strap for hanging up .
 We have this bowl , the all black one , and the one with stars . Easy to clean -LRB- toss them in the dishwasher -RRB- and easy to handle if you have to carry more than two at a time -LRB- note the the finger holds at the bottom of the bowl -RRB- . These bowls feel sturdy and I expect that they will provide many years of daily use . With Amazon 's 4 for 3 deal , you can not beat the price .
 I help out at a cat shelter . This is great for removing hair quickly from our 30 + carpeted climbers.I 'm buying 2 more as gifts for the shelter because I do n't want to give up my personal model . Caveat
 We use one now in our 40 ' motor home ... with 3 Newfoundlands . A lot of maintenance ... and a lot of hair . The magnet is excellent on carpeting . You need to apply pressure , so if your upholstery is n't firm , it probably wo n't work well . We just ordered 2 more to make sure we had them on hand at home and on the road . After you vacuum you will find that this magnet will still pull out a ton of hair ! You will be impressed with this product .
 Does what it says it will do ! Easy to use and removes pet hair very easily and with little effort .
 I am a cat breeder of the long haired breed and I use Pet Magnet on my furniture daily . Best product ever - scratch the hair in one place , vacuum the hair and you are done ! No replacement parts , no maintaining it - I have mine for years and it still works like it used to .
 I can vacuum all I want but this product always finds what was left behind - and usually , a LOT is left behind . `` Scraping '' the carpet with this product can be a little aerobic but the results are worth it as the carpet is restored to its original color . We had a lab mutt and a Golden Retriever - who is the real culprit . This year she shed more than usual due to Cushings disease so this fur magnet really came in handy .
 well i am surprise when i got this - i read the reviews and i took a chance - mine came in the same color that is shown in the picture - very colorful and bright colors and not dull . my bottom feeder loves the holes to swim in and out of . it is very nice to look at too . i 'm very happy with it
 I just love the colorfulness of the ornament . My goldfish love to cruise in and out of the cave and it brightens my fish tank so much .
 this is beautiful and the fish love it too , it gives them a place to hide . It really is beautiful in my fish tank < I got two of them . I found many beautiful pieces at Amazon for my aquarium .
 Do n't let the low price fool you , this is sturdy , effective , and a must for your hoofed friends . Easy to use , quick , and he actually loves it . Wonderful to see this on Amazon !
 This squeegee is very comfortable to use and does its job at the same time . The horse does n't seem to mind it either .
 I bought one of these for the barn and it ended up in the mudroom . It makes the best shoe horn . For all of us over 50 's with bad backs from being misused by our creatures ... it is hard to bend over to pull those shoes and boots on . Slip the oster sweat scraper in and push that foot down . Works better than shoe horns produced for that purpose . Try it , you 'll like it . Mine even had a nylon strap so I can hang it on a hook near the boots .
 This pillow is well worth the money . It is made sturdy and it is very pretty . My cat fell in love with it the day I received it .
 As soon as I pick up the container , my cat comes running !
 My King Charles Spaniel loves this brush . BUT I was disappointed it did not collect shedding hair as the other reviewers stated . This brush is great for doggie massage , however . The brush looks like you should be able to put your hand under the handle and between your fingers . It works only by holding the handle .
 What a great tool for currying the mud , etc. , off my horse 's face and over all the other boney areas ! My horses like it , too . They just relax and enjoy it when I am currying their heads . The little , ergonomic , padded handle is a plus , too . Makes it much easier for me to use with my sore hands .
 This is a great brush that I eagerly ordered due to its unique , small curry teeth that I have n't found in any stores . I use this on my little dog who is a big shedder . I used to ride horses and I probably would n't use this brush for horses as well . The teeth are really , really small , so you 'd have to use it for fine grooming on a horse , like after its been bathed . However , like I said this is great for dogs . I also like the easy to grip handle .
 My mare was mildly figgety regardless of the type of curry I 'd use on her and no matter how carefully and softly I used it.Since I started using this , she practially goes into a trance when I 'm currying her.It 's also very well made and feels great in the hand . Cleans up well too .
 I used this on my smooth coat dalmation . She sheds , but no brush can really get the dead hair off of her . This can ! I was surprised at how much dead hair came off , and she did n't mind it at all!If you have a smooth coat/short haired dog and you want them to stop shedding - get this comb !
 I bought this brush because I have three little long haired dogs and I am always in keeping the shedding down . Love this brush and so do my dogs.I am ordering two more , and the reason is I found that it really cleans my couch and chair surfaces of hair I could not see . I can comb it over the fabric and am surprised at the result . I also just discovered that it can brush away pollen and dust from our lawn furniture cushions outside . Going to keep on our porch for quick cleanups when we want to step outside and relax .
 I thought it was stupid that someone would sell a `` fancy '' curry comb at first -LRB- mine was a gift -RRB- -- who would spend money on something that will do the same job as a regular curry comb ? Oh , how wrong I was . It 's worth the money , and I will soon be getting the hard curry of the same line . This brush gets out hair almost as well as a shedding comb , but it 's more comfortable for the horse and appropriate for use on more sensitive areas . My horse loves love LOVES this on his face , better than anything else I 've used there . He just closes his eyes and lowers his head as he gets more relaxed . Most importantly , it is more comfortable for the horse owner when you 've got to do heavy currying over the whole body . It seems to be ergonomic or something . It takes the strain of the wrist , so you can lean into it without hurting yourself .
 I gave this brush a shot for my dalmatian after reading some other reviews on how well it works on short haired dogs and I must say , I 've tried most every kind of short haired dog brush out there but nothing worked on her ; this brush finally worked . I wish I would have found this sooner .
 I got this for my pit bull-mix breed dog . He has a very short , sleek coat that up until now has n't required brushing of any kind -LRB- he 's 1 -RRB- . All of the sudden he started shedding like crazy and the normal dog brushes did nothing for him . I did some research and this type of bristle was recommended so I bought this model and have been very happy with it . It does spread the oils around , which seems to be more important to stopping the shedding than brushing out the dead hairs -LRB- though it does that just fine too -RRB- . My favorite use of this though has turned out being as a bath scrubber . I use a fraction of the doggy shampoo I used to as this somehow does an extremely efficient job of lathering up and scrubbing the doggy .
 I purchased this because one of my dogs has fur that gets tangled all the time . A regular stiff brush would always catch on the tangles and not remove them . This one does not get caught in the tangles . After a few times in the same area it untangles the hair without pulling . Both my long and short hair dogs love it when I get this brush out . I also use it when I blow dry the long hair dog after a bath to speed up the drying process and leave the fur fluffy and untangled.The handle has a nice feel to it and is easy to grasp . As long as I have dogs I will not be without one of these brushes .
 excellent product and a good price . fits my hand and it does n't hurt my hand . my dog loves it . thanks for a good product
 My horse has sensitive skin and cant stand the standard stiff curry comb . He actually likes this one and it does a good job .
 I have tried many different brands and have found this one to be superior to the more expensive scoopable litters . The finer texture scoops cleaner and holds together wonderfully . I was wary about trying unscented litter , but my cats seems to prefer it and it holds odors in like a charm . With the scented litters , all I smelled was poop and fragrance , but with this I smell nothing at all . My cats thank Arm & Hammer and so does my nose !
 The only reason I did not give this 5 stars is because it came wrapped in bubble wrap that was so tight it was nearly impossible to get off . First of all , bubble wrap for kitty litter ? Really ?? And second , I had to actually cut it off and it was not possible to do so without cutting the package , too , and thus making a bit of a mess and almost wasting some of the product . Normally I would consider the bubble wrap a bonus because it 's a good stress reliever to pop it , but in this case , the stuff was covered in gritty dust from the litter , so again , a mess.As far as the liter itself goes , I have been using this kind for years and have found it to be the best by far . It does n't have a fragrance , which is great because I am severely allergic to fragrance and even if I were n't many fragrances are toxic . I do n't want to expose myself to that , nor do I wish to force my cat to be exposed to it . Further , there is no need for any kind of masking scent in this litter , because the baking soda works very well . In addition to being allergic to fragrances , I am also very sensitive to smells , and I live in a small apt , so if this did not take care of the odors , I would not want to use it.Further , the clumping works well , so I do n't have to waste a ton of litter getting rid of my cat 's leavings . One package lasts about a month for me and I scoop at least once a day . And , I like the size of the package , as well , because many of the other brands only come in boxes that are too heavy for me to lift . 14 pounds is much more manageable .
 This is the best cat litter that clumps everything into semi-solid balls that can be lifted out easily without working too hard to clean the litter and it lasts much longer .
 I have changed from buying the 20 lb as for me it works out that when I empty a box in litter box I can cut the lid back and use the box as a container to carry out and dispose of used litter ... This is another product that can be bought with a continuing order which goes to the USPS and that does n't work well where I live ... . You can save on that method of shipping ... . My cats do n't like the scented and I have really not noticed any odors from box or when I but it in the old box for disposal ... . great deal and beats picking up and carrying from store not to mention the cost savings ...
 Works the best of all we 've tried through the years and very easy to clean ! God ` ole trusty Arm & Hammer !
 THIS IS GREAT CAT LITTER . FOR YEARS I HAVE JUST PURCHASED WHATEVER WAS HANDY AND INEXPENSIVE . AS A RESULT OF A RECENT RELOCATION , THE BEST LOCATION FOR THE LITTER BOX WAS THE BATHROOM OFF OF THE MASTER BEDROOM . I OFTEN FOUND MYSELF EITHER FALLING ASLEEP OR WAKING UP TO THE PUNGENT ODOR OF CAT URINE . STARTING THE VERY FIRST DAY/NIGHT USING THE ARM AND HAMMER LITTER THIS ODOR IS NO LONGER . A LESSEN LEARNED FOR ME .
 I like this litter it keeps odor down , clumps very well and does n't leave a lot of small clumps behind . I like the smell and also use the Arm & Hammer Deodorant in the box with soda . They together leave a fresh smell . Anyway kitty is spolied rotten wo n't go unless his box is clean .
 This cat litter worked just as good as Fresh Step , which I usually get at the store.The unscented cat litter is so much better if fragrances bother you . It clumped well and controlledodors good .
 I get the Arm and Hammer Super Scoop cat litter deliverd to me every month . Keeping kitty 's area clean and odor free is important to both of us and the subscription helps me do my part.Unfortunately the kitty does n't alwas do his fair share !
 I have a lot of pets and have tried many different litters , I always go back to Arm & Hammer . I think a lot of people think a good litter should mean that you do n't have to clean the litter box as often , this is never going to happen . With regular scooping , this litter can remain odor free for up to 1 month . After that , I completely empty and bleach the boxes and start fresh . It clumps well and I like that it comes in a recyclable container , cardboard . I usually buy the multi-cat , but I really have not noticed a difference among the types .
 This litter works well for me and my cats.Most important - it clumps well . I have no problems scooping the lumps out , and there has been no incidents where it is stuck to the side so well that it ca n't be removed , nor any pasty weirdness . I keep the litter at a depth of 3 '' or more , and have two boxes in my apt for my two cats.Just as important , it is an unscented litter that is actually unscented . I have actually purchased other brands of `` unscented '' litter , that actually have a perfumey odor . That does not work for me , and is also unhealthy for pets to breathe in and ingest . If a box is scooped daily , it will only take a few minutes to clean , and there is no chance for odors to build up . Perfumed scents are only there to cover up the smell of an unscooped box . Scooping the box every day is best for the cat 's health anyway.I really do n't understand the bad reviews here , but everyone is different . The only other litter I buy is Integrity brand , that I get at Mud Bay pet shops here in Seattle -LRB- I alternate between the two , only buying Arm & Hammer ; when it is on super sale for 5.99 / box , otherwise the other brand is cheaper -RRB- .
 I love this litter , and it 's great to just order a few boxes online every month or so . My cat likes it ... it 's NOT scented -LRB- I 'm allergic to most scents -LRB- migraine triggers -RRB- and it clumps easily .
 Of all the cat litters that I have used , this is one of my favorites . I always add baking soda in all the cat litters I have tried , but this seems to keep the smell to a minimum . My husband has a VERY sensitive nose to this type of smell , so to keep the peace , I do what I can .
 If I 'm reviewin the actual product , it gets 5 stars - love the stuff ! If I 'm reviewing the subscribe and save , it is still very affordable and the fact I do n't have to get it at the store and lug it home is worth so much ! Only downside is I have 2 cats so it 's not the size box I would be buying at the store - it is smaller . I 'm staying on the subscribe and save for now though because it is so easy and it works for the `` in-between '' real cleanings of the litter box . I 've always got some on-hand , if the litter box needs a refresh .
 The only dog food I will feed my dog , she 's been on it since I adopted her 5 years ago . She lost weight , her coat is shiny and colorful , she 's happy and healthy and I will never use another brand of dog food . This stuff is grade A.
 my dog looks adoreable in this product . he does n't bite at it and it does n't seem to bother him when he wears it at length . i ca n't even get mad at him for doing things wrong when he wears it , because when he looks up at me in that bowtie , he 's too cute.my cat however , would not stand for it . he in fact bit the black tie off . it is attached with velcro , but the glue holding the velcro is weaker than the velcro itself , and thus the glue came right off . but it 's probably fixable !
 Got it for MUCH cheaper at my local independent pet shop . Make sure you call every pet shop in your county before you make your purchase online as the sellers here clearly are charging way to much for this product and trying to rip you off .
 Our dog loves these treats and wo n't leave me alone after our walk until he gets this `` treat '' ... will be ordering more . highly recommend
 This product absolutely works . I adopted a puppy who was thin , refused to eat and was just tired all the time . After two days of this supplement , I can totally see the difference in her . She eats and is getting healthier everyday .
 I have an 8 month old puppy and a 7 month old kitten . I have been giving these supplements to them since they were 8 weeks old . They LOVE it and are very healthy . They come running every time I show them the tube.Great product !
 This is an excellent product , my 3 pups love them and this is the most convenient way to get them . I have signed up for automatic deliveries through Amazon.com and I never have to worry about searching everywhere to get more . It comes right to my door . I will be looking for more of the things I always buy to be delivered automatically . To whoever thought of this for Amazon.com , thank you .
 For me , it 's great being able to buy natural treats for my dog that also taste great . My dog loves these -LRB- and I like them , too -RRB- . I 've made dog biscuits before , but it 's convenient to be able to pick some up at the store . I 've tried a number of natural biscuits , some good , some horrible . These are great . I 've never bought them in bulk from Amazon , but the biscuits are inside of a sealed plastic bag within the box , so I 'd guess that they would stay fresh for a while .
 My dog White Cloud was a little hesitant at first , but now she really enjoys these Peanut Butter Molasses Dog Treats . These are really not all that expensive and she sometimes eats 3 of them at a time . I will buy more of these .
 I like to give my dog healthy treats . I tried a box of these low fat treets from Wal-Mart and my dog loved them . I kept going back to get more . Then all of a sudden they do n't have anymore on the shelves . I thought I would try to find them on the internet and was happy that I found them but not as happy as my dog . He is a black lab and has a weight problem and weighs about 127 pounds.Thank you for a fine product .
 My two dogs generally have differing opinions of treats , so sometimes it 's hard to find a treat they both like . They love these .
 We found the Blue Dog snacks in a catalogue , but could not find them locally . I did find Amazon had the flavor Phantom likes the best . I order a large quantity because my buddy receives 3 every afternoon . He greets me at the door , and of course I rub him and talk to him for awhile . THEN I ask Phantom if he would like a cookie -LRB- Blue Dog Bakery Dog Treats - Molasses & Peanut Butter -RRB- . He tears off into his room and sits and stares at the box until I am in the room . I pull out one large and two small cookies . He gets so excited that he is dancing all around . He knows he has to sit before he gets a snack . He will take the snack and run into the other room . There he drops the cookie and comes back for another one . This continues until he has all three cookies . When he gets all three snacks he will lay down and eat them all . His eyes light up when you ask him if he would like a cookie . Blue Dog makes other flavors of snacks , but Phantom really likes the molasses and Peanut Butter ones the best . I ca n't explain how much Phantom loves his Blue Dog snacks !
 One of my fellow Afghan Hound Rescue associates recommended I try these for my two Boyz . . Both of my Boyz love them . From the rescue lists I am on , ALL AFFIES LOVE BLUE DOG COOKIES!I highly recommend them and will continue to buy them !!!!!!!!!!!!!
 My German Shepherd Nyla will sometimes even turn her nose up at a piece of Ham or Steak but goes crazy for the Blue Dog Bakery Peanut Butter & Molasses Biscuits . It was such a relief to find a snack that was good for her and that she enjoyed so much ! If you have a picky dog then this is a snack you will want to explore . I have shared these biscuits with everyone of my friends who have dogs and they have all come back with the same report ... My dog just loves these biscuits , where did you get them ? They cost a little more than regular dog biscuits but are worth every penny when you know you are giving your pet something that they love and is good for them ! Buying them on line at Amazon.com using the Subscribe and Save offer has saved me quite a bit of money and is very convenient and easy to use . I highly recommend using this service . Take a chance your dog will love you and you will be very satisfied with the product and service !
 These treats look and smell like they could be enjoyed by anyone , including people ! And my dogs just ate them with relish . My only reason for rating them 4 instead of 5 is because the size is huge for my little 10 pound buddies . Also , the pieces are n't a consistent size . Some are very large while some are half the size of others . Although it appears some have broken in the box , the majority are quite think and I doubt I can easily break the larger ones in half should I choose to do so to try and get a more reasonable size for my dogs . Of course , they are n't complaining about the bigger size !
 These treats are around $ 6-8 a box where I live , so the price on Amazon is great ! I bought a case of six mid-November , and my dog is finally on his last box . He normally goes through a $ 10 bag of Beggin ' Strips in a week , so we 're saving a LOT on doggie treats.As for the flavor , my dog will eat just about any treat , but he seems to be more excited about these than most hard treats -LRB- he usually prefers soft ones -RRB- . I like that they smell good , unlike some similarly priced treats , which seems to reduce stinky doggie breath -LRB- and I 'll admit it , I tasted one ... was n't too impressed with the flavor , but they 're not for me ! -RRB- . The only downside is that some of the treats are HUGE , but they can be broken up into smaller pieces .
 Benji , our 5 year old yorkie , had a case of pancreatitus , loose stool -LSB- ie ; like water -RSB- and vomitting . Off to the vet for xray 's blood tests , 3 injections and 5 drugs to take home -LCB- $ 800 . -RCB- . The vet said Benji had too much fat in his food -LSB- he only ate dry dog food and a table scrap once in a while -RSB- so now he eats a low fat dry dog food , NO TABLE FOOD and these great low fat treats . YES they are big , so break them , yes they are hard , good for tarter control . But I must mention Benji only gets a portion of one biscut per day if he does his tricks like rollover sit and bang your dead ... It took some time to find a low fat treat that Benji would eat . . BLUE DOG WINS !
 This is the only dog cookie we have purchased in the past 7-8 years . Our dogs refuse to eat any other kind .
 This is a good stable treat . Fred enjoys the different flavors and sizes . He gets one a day or two if they are the small size . If I run out of his other 2 `` cookies '' these are OK by themselves , but clearly not at the top of the list . However , if I run out of them he does miss them , just not as much as the others . I know it is more than numbers , because he does not miss his `` meaties '' .
 These dog biscuits are such a treat for my two large dogs . They get them as a bedtime treat and look forward to them . I was so surprised to find them at Amazon and immediately signed up for the auto-delivery . I was hesitant about ordering biscuits through the mail because of possible damage to the biscuits . However , I was amazed that the biscuits came out whole and were not damaged , at least in the two boxes that I have aleady opened . Do n't think you could go wrong with these .
 I have no complaints - my dogs absolutely love these treats . The shipping is super fast , the packaging is perfect to keep the treats in one piece and the price was great ! Flawless transaction !
 My dogs go nuts over these treats . Please keep these in stock because I plan on being a long time customer !
 Never tried one myself , but our dog loves these treats . We usually feed her one with her meals and she gobbles them downSim Wilde
 This treat my dogs just love . It holds together well and does n't crumble easily . The way my dogs smack it has to be good . I have 3 chihuahuas who just love this treat .
 I used to get these just as a special treat for my dogs ... now , since they are delivered at a reduced price , they get them every day . Wonderful product . . got ta love that pb and molasses !!! Aroooo !!!
 great cookies - none of the sugar garbage and meat by-products - our dog has been loving these for over 5 years .
 We found the Blue Dog PB ` cookies ' over 5 years ago at Trader Joe 's in the Indianapolis area . They have since stopped carrying them east of the Miss. . River -LRB- sadly -RRB- but other stores picked the product up . Given a choice of every treat imaginable our dog will always pick the Blue Dog treats ... smart dog ! They are all natural , low in fat , and the aroma when you open the bag caused our grandson to ask if the cookies were for him ! Finding this bargain on Amazon is a treasure and a great opportunity for newcomers to try a great product for their companion puppy .
 See my detailed review of the other flavor.Excellent product . High quality ingredients.Definitely recommend .
 My German Shepherd absolutely loves these treats ! I feel great about this product because these biscuits are made with healthy ingredients ... nothing artificial . Buying items from Blue Dog Bakery on Amazon.com is far more economical for me than purchasing them at a pet store .
 My two dogs love all of Blue Dog Bakery Treats . They prefer them to other treats and seemingly ca n't get enough . The natural ingredients are very impressive and I do n't feel guilty giving them by-products and ingredients I do n't understand . I especially like that they are produced in the US . Blue Dog Bakery also has a very nice newsletter , if you wish to subscribe . I highly recommend this product .
 I have ordered Blue Dog Bakery Biscuits for years . You can get them in low fat , they are natural and my dogs love them .
 These are the only dog treats I know of that smell like wonderful cookies for humans . It is hard to resist snacking on them myself ! And my doggies love them . And , the price is great ! If you want some extra lovin ' from you pups , this is a great snack to feed them !
 These smell good enought to eat . Some ae big so we break them up for our dog .
 GREAT PRICE ! GREAT PRODUCT ! The 10 ounces is really more than I expected -LRB- Especially when the pack of 6 arrived -RRB- ! My daughter 's dogs will get 2 packs in their Christmas stocking ! I signed up for the subscription to come every two months -LRB- I have 3 dogs -RRB- and you ca n't beat having it delivered to your door at this price . When I let the dogs out in the morning , I tell them they 'll get their peanut butter cookies when they come in . I never had them come back so soon !! Blue Dog Bakery Premium Natural Low Fat Small Dog Treats , Peanut Butter Flavor Doggie Paws , 10-Ounce Box -LRB- Pack of 6 -RRB-
 We found these at our local Haggen 's . Our three dogs LOVE LOVE LOVE these cookies . I could n't find the little ones at the grocery so I bought the big cookies . They are huge . I 've ordered the little ones . Your dog will go nuts for these .
 A hard to find item , pleased to find it w/Amazon . It became harder and harder to find this item retail.Happy with the quick delivery too!Just one drawback , the biscuits were pretty crushed and broken . Do n't know who is to blame.Not ready to give up yet as we love the door to door delivery .
 So pleased to have found these Dog Biscuits . The company states they are at all our local markets however that is NOT TRUE ! Grateful to this site ! They came faster than expected which was also to my delight . Thank You !!!
 My boxer loves these treats and I feel good about giving them to her as they are totally natural .
 I started buying those for my dog a few months ago . my dog loves them so much that he will do anything to get one of them . he learned so many new tricks because of them.one funny thing about them is that he gets a treat every time he goes outside to do the deed , I noticed in the first few days we started giving those treats that he asks to go out every 20 minutes or so . I thought the treats were giving him problems only to find out that he asks to go out so he can those treats when he gets back . he even lefts his leg to pee and nothing comes because he peed so many times earlier .
 It smells good.My dog loves this.The price is right.And it has low fat.What else can I say ?
 These are really great treats for the dog . They are healthy and natural . I was fortunate to get these on sale . I have a small stock saved up at home . When I first opened these the dog went crazy . His nose was high up in the air trying to figure out where the whiff was coming from . These treats range from small to big . They come in different animal shapes . They look so good that I even felt like trying one .
 Wholesome goodness that your dog will lovemy dog loves these treats and they are crafted from heathy things ! Clealy one of the best treats u can share with your dog .
 We have used this product before and is the only dog treat Blue will eat.Service was great .
 I have two labs and they both love their treats , so I was a little concerned they would n't take this ` low fat ' snack . But they both LOVED them !! Will certainly be buying these again !
 Blue Dog Bakery Premium Natural Low Fat Dog Treats , Peanut Butter & Molasses Flavor , 20-Ounce Boxes -LRB- Pack of 6 -RRB- Blue Dog Bakery Premium Natural Low Fat Dog Treats , Assorted Flavors , 20-Ounce Boxes -LRB- Pack of 6 -RRB- Blue Dog Cookies are our dog 's favorites ! Amazon has a great price too . They do n't have a lot of garbage like other dog cookies and getting 6 boxes at a time is especially handy when we get a surprise foster dog from rescue . They think they 've died and gone to heaven !
 Our three weenie dogs just love these bisquits . Must be the peanut butter . Thanks for healthy snacks ...
 My dog loves these cookies . We give one to her for desert after she eats her dog food ; if we forget , she reminds us . I really like giving healthy treats with no additives or preservatives . Also love the fact that they are low-fat .
 My dogs are just crazy about these biscuits . When I try to give them some of Costco 's Kirkland dog biscuits they give me this sad look before they reluctantly take them . The `` blue doggies '' get a much better reaction . I have to admit that I tasted them and they really do taste good . They are however , a little too hard for human consumption .
 Great price and product . My dogs love this as a `` Good Job '' treat ca n't go without it . Ca n't find this size and flavor in local stores anymore .
 Also love their doggie paws , stars , More Blu Dog Bakery cookies , and the Live Well ones they discontinued recently , wish they would bring them back . We have 2 large dogs and big cookies are great for them , the small cookies are great for training . Only cookie my largest dog will respond to when sidetracked by a rabbit , person or when told he must go to his room . He Loves them so much he races to his cage when normally he would hide rather than go there .
 My dog Oscar absolutely loves these cookies , he jumps straight up and down and prances around them like a cat.So comical the way he shows me that he appreciates these cookies , they never fail to entertain me after I give them to him
 Two Labradors , 6 and 5 , have been treated to Blue Dog Natural Dog Treats since they were four months old . . The cookies still get the same excited response from them as they did then . . I am careful about what I feed my pets and was initially impressed by the ingredients in the cookies.I then became impressed by the newsletters from Blue Dog regarding the approach to dog treats ... My labs get these cookies as bedtime cookies . We say `` come get your nighty-night cookies '' and they bound in and take them to their beds . Finally , I must add that getting them from Amazon is great . . they arrive so regularly that my pups nor I never have had to wait .
 My dogs just love these crunchy and healthy treats . We are very particular about what we feed our girls and are happy to have found such a good product that is a great value AND made locally !!
 I have five dogs ranging from a 100 # Lab to a 12 # jack russell . All I need to do is say `` Does anyone want a cookie '' and all five come running . I have been using these treats for over a year and they are loved today as well as they were when I started .
 Great biscuits , they smell good enough to eat ! Doggies of all sizes love them - highly recommend ! Other flavors are pretty great too - try them all .
 Blue dog cookies have a good taste they clean teeth & are low fat so please try them for your dog .
 The dogs absolutely love these treats , and these are MADE IN THE USAno animal by products artificial colors preservatives or flavors
 My dogs love these treats ! My big dog gets the large treats and my smaller dog gets the smaller treats ... all in one box !
 &#34; &#34; woof woof , wag wag , yum . good enough to take into another room to eat - the highest praise a dog can bestow on a treat . My dog also has a sensitive stomach , and these do not upset it . recommended !
 I feel good about giving my fur babies treats that do n't have all kinds of artificial junk in them when possible . This is a guilt free treat .
 These are my dogs favorite bones & to boot , they are low-fat . Buying by the case saves us money too .
 These cookies are so yummy to my dogs . They really lap them up . All flavors and types of cookies - they love them all .
 My dogs love Blue Dog Bakery Peanut Butter & Molasses biscuits ! My big guy actually drools all over the kitchen floor when I get them out to give my three pups . They also really like the Cremes dog biscuits , too . I like being able to use the Subscribe & Save feature on Amazon . It makes it easy & affordable for me to keep my supply .
 My dogs are vegetarians and this is the best product out there for them . They absolutely love the flavor , they are like homemade .
 The dogs love them and all natural ingredients are what I look for when it comes to keeping my pets healthy .
 These treats are great because they are large enough for my dogs . It was great to order a shipment of six boxes , because we do go through a lot of them !
 I have been purchasing these cookies for years now . They are healthy , large enough for my large dog , they smell delicious , and my dog loves them ! Plus they are so reasonably priced , you ca n't find anything better or cheaper in any store . Wal Mart used to sell them years ago , but they stopped , so I was buying them directly from Blue Dog Bakery . When I found them on Amazon I was thrilled . They 're eligible for Amazon Prime , I order them by the case -LRB- 6 boxes -RRB- , they arrive in 2 days , and my dog has a big smile on her face when the box arrives !! I Tried many other treats , by many other companies , but Blue Dog Bakery is by far the best!They also come in a variety of flavors , and sizes , I think . Plus they make other types of snacks too . Great company for healthy treats ! They smell so good , they 're hard to resist !!
 The yummy smell of these treats almost make me want to try them . My dogs love them . All natural and low fat , you ca n't get better than that . I buy them in bulk supplied by Amazon and can not beat Amazon because of their great price and the treats arrive within a day or 2 , very fast . I break them into bite size pieces and buy them about every 4 months or so .
 These cookies come in different sizes . If you want a small treat look for the smaller size . I have a big 120 lb GSD and these are just right for him . I found this flavor helped settle his upset tummy too . Since I changed to grain free food -LRB- Taste Of The Wild Dry Pacific Stream -RRB- we have n't had the stomach issues anymore . However , these did help on those days where I would see him eating grass like a hungry cow .
 We received the order very quickly , much faster than expected . Pepper loves these cookies and they are her favorite , she will do pretty much anything to get one . They are nice sized , do n't fall apart and are in cute shapes .
 The dog cookies are very good , but sadly , the box with the 4 boxes arrived damaged , i box was totally crushed , other than that they are great.They made very good Chirstmas gifts for many dog friends .
 My four dogs love , love , love these peanut butter and molasses cookies . Each dog gets one before bed ... right after the final walk of the day . Sometimes a cookie or piece of cookie is awarded for a special behavior .
 Goliath , Delilah , and Daisy all give this product a thundering thumbs up . This is their bedtime snack and we have no trouble getting them to go to their bedroom -LRB- which they graciously allow my wife and I to share -RRB- and ready themselves for the night . Once , when I ran out of Blue Dog Bakery treats , I tried to give them an alternative . Goliath disdainfully threw this `` alien '' snack on the floor as if to say , `` If you do n't have my regular snack , I 'll just pass tonight . '' It is a bonus that these snacks are low fat . Our precious four-legged children just love them .
 My dogs expect these cookies every night before bed . I have moved alot and will only stay if I can get these Blue Dog cookies nearby . Blue Dog has a great website .
 The dogs in our house could not get thru the day without their Blue Dog cookies , they smell so good that I am tempted to try one !
 Blue Dog Bakery Natural Low Fat Dog Treats , Assorted Flavors , 20-Ounce Boxes -LRB- Pack of 6 -RRB- -LSB- Amazon Frustration-Free Packaging -RSB- It is a healthy and high quality treat for your dog -LRB- s -RRB- if given reasonably -- anything in excess with a treat for dogs is something you should avoid . The price is reasonable ... especially if you purchase it from Amazon in automatic shipments . However , if you do , beware that if you make changes in the quantity there is a high probability of error and duplicate shipments .
 My dogs love these biscuits ; they are the best ! Even my finicky dog loves them ! Great value ; best to buy by the case .
 My two dogs , a corgi and a terrier-dachshund mix , adore these , but I have to try to break them in half to suit the size of my dogs . I wish they came in a pack of all small cookies , but that 's not a really big problem . These are thicker and harder than the All Star Blue Dog treats I was n't able to get via Amazon the last time we needed some treats . That factor does give the dogs a bit more chewing time , which they enjoy .
 I have 4 small dogs . I have bought the same treat in a different shape and they go crazy for them . I found these and did not realize they were not the same size since it is in the exact same box . It does not tell you on the ad that they are big . These things are huge and very thick . I could not even break it . I tried cutting it with a big knife and could not . I had to use something heavy to break it and then it shattered . I hope the big dogs are able to bite into it . The flavor is very yummie to them , though .
 Yes , they smell like it . Each time I open the box , my dog starts drooling ! I have bought these and given them to several dogs and they ALL love it ! They smell so good to the human nose , I am sure they smell A LOT more to our furry balls . Very simple ingredients . Have been buying these for the past 9 yrs .
 I am a loyal customer and have these on automatic shipment . They are fun , healthy and the dogs gobble them up , leaving no crumbs !
 Now these are the &#34; best &#34; !!! My sweet dog Sam is insanely in love with these biscuits ! He goes crazy every time I get the box out and give him one ! Wow , they smell soooo good , one would think a human would even like them ! Healthy ingredients is what I really like . Plus the value . Better price than anywhere else ! = -RRB-
 I have a miniature schnauzer who is allergic to chicken . For a treat this is safe for her to eat without her having any problems . I will continue to buy them .
 I 've been ordering these treats for my dogs for a few years now - they really liked them . The cookies were not only adorable , but apparently pretty tasty . Recently , though , the last few boxes I 've bought have contained nothing but broken remnants of the advertised shapes of cookies that do n't even have the cute outlines on them that originally distinguished them from each other . Additionally , the cookies look overcooked and are very hard . Plus - they no longer have that fresh baked smell to them . I really am disappointed in the quality control from Blue Dog Bakery . For the amount of money I spend on these , I expect consistency to the quality . I guess I need to find another low fat treat alternative for my furry family members .
 I have been buying Blue Dog Bakery Treats for almost 10 years . Quality was really great for a number of years . In the last few years I have gotten cases -LRB- 6 boxes -RRB- that had all most all burnt cookies . The company replaced them . The latest purchase -LRB- with the new logo -RRB- are now back to the ones I liked in the past . I like that they use human grade -LRB- I have ate them myself -RRB- ingredients . My dogs just love them . Wish I could buy boxes of the small cookies -LRB- hearts and squares -RRB- I have small dogs and have to break the larger ones into smaller pieces .
 These dog treats where just as promised by Amazon . The price saved some money from purchasing this item at stores in my hometown . I was pleased with the delivery time as well . I will order this item again when I need more . Our black lab loves these and will perform many tricks for one of these treats .
 I could not find my Romeo 's favorite dog biscuits in the local stores anymore . Luckily I had an almost empty box and found the toll free number to the company . I was amazed at the friendliness of the girls I spoke to . THANKS TO BLUE DOG BAKERY and your wonderful customer servie , my dog now gets his biscuits by the case . 5 ***** and paw prints to Blue Dog . Barb Ross -LRB- and Romeo -RRB-
 I 've purchased these in the past . My three shelties really love them . They have a scent of gingerbread to me.I often heat them for about ten seconds in the microwave . That softens them and I think brings out the flavor.I will continue buying these .
 I have been buying these peanut butter/molasses dog bisquits for several years now , but can only find the two `` mixed '' varieties in the grocery stores -LRB- mixed meat flavors and mixed cheese and meat flavors -RRB- . My dogs get diarhhea from these other mixed versions - I know it 's the cheese flavors and maybe the liver ... -RRB- My only complaint in buying them from you , is that I had to buy 6 boxes at a time . Please tell the groceries that it is ok to have mixed versions in the store , but not to forget loyal buyers like me who want only the one kind !! Thanks for making such a good product that I would go to great lengths to contine them for my beloved pet . Susan
 My dog loves these and I love that they are natual and low fat . They smell so good I am tempted to try a bite !
 Our pups are so glad that Amazon.com carries this product . It is their favourite treat and is low fat and healthy too . The boxes arrived in pristine condition .
 My dogs just ca n't say NO . . LOL Yes , these are one of the best goodies on the market . . I only have a few type of goodies I give my critters and these are amongst the best . . Try them out . If your critter could talk they 'd say Paw Lickin ' Good :-RRB- . .
 Since these treats are sized generously , I break each one up into 3 or 4 pieces for my Cavalier King Charles , and keep them in a plastic container in our pantry . Cooper LOVES them ! Each time we tell him to `` kennel up '' -LRB- go to his crate -RRB- he eagerly waits in the crate for his treat . In fact , at bedtime , he stares at me until I 've opened the pantry door . Then he takes off to his crate with no urging and waits for his treat . For us , there is no question that this is a good purchase and have a regular subscription to keep them in stock !
 These treats are definitely my dogs ' favorite . They gobble these up and have started turning down other treats . They come in fun shapes and when you open them up , they smell just like peanut butter . They smell so good , I 've been tempted to try them . The ingredients are wholesome and natural and I feel good about giving these to my dogs . I just wish more came in a box .
 I have been purchasing Blue Dog 's PB&M ; for my cocker spaniel for three years . He is an American Cocker with an allergy to poultry and poultry by-products . Blue Dog has been the perfect solution and Ozzy looks forward to his cookie every evening after his walk.I also enjoy the wonderful molasses smell of the cookies . So they provide enjoyment for both of us .
 I like this litter box . I 've had it for 2 years . I have small cats -LRB- one 7 pounds and one is kitten that 's about 4 pounds -RRB- . They both can fit in there together . There 's a lot of space when one cat is in it.I do n't use the clasps that keep the box down since my cats have never actually knocked over the blue hood . The poop scooper looks kind of small . I 've never used that either since I had my own poop scooper that I like . And the thing on the top that 's suppose to handle the smell , I * think * it worked in the beginning , but never actually bothered to replace it . In fact , I took it off eventually.All in all , this box has worked well for me and I would buy this item again .
 A great leash holder with Portuguese Water Dog character and charm . Always know where your leash is when it 's time for that walk with your best friend . Great quality product to decorate your home or porch .
 Our beagle had become a determined escape artist , managing to dig under or squeeze through areas I thought were impossible for her to escape through . The Fi-Shock unit installed easily and works great . Unlike heavier duty livestock fencing , this unit does not have the power to shock despite wire contact with vegetation , so checking the wire frequently to be sure it is clear is strongly recommended . I also purchased stand-off attachments from my local farm supply store so I could attach the Fi-Shock wire to , but insulated from , my cyclone fence . This method works better than the little plastic stakes included in the kit . One touch of the wire and the beagle has not attempted to escape again ; great results with minimal cost and no harm at all to the beagle .
 I use this fence to keep my pets out of newly installed landscape . To keep them from fighting through the fence with the neighbors dogs . Each of them touched it one time that I know of . Now they simply avoid that part of the yard . My large golden who jumps 4 foot fences has no interest in jumping this simple 2 foot electric fence . The shock effect is just enough to deter them without causing them harm or any real trauma . This product though light duty is effective , easy to install and the kit has all the parts needed to put the system to work . I am very happy with the products performance and the price is much less than other kits I looked at .
 I had the neighbor 's dogs doing their thing in my yard , and marking my wheels . I put a two wire fence around the entire perimeter of my yard and the dogs stay out .
 DOES YOUR DOG HATE GETTING HER TEETH BRUSHED ? DOES SHE FUSS AND COMPLAIN ? HAVE YOU GIVEN UP ON BRUSHING HER TEETH?BUY THIS PRODUCT !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! I am extremely , EXTREMELY pleased with this product !!! I have a large Newfoundland dog who HATED to have her teeth brushed . She is almost five and her teeth were not looking good -LRB- yellowish with tartar -RRB- . She would fuss and complain and run to another room . It was IMPOSSIBLE to brush her teeth , and the doggie tooth brush I was using was hard to fit into her mouth . Its bristles were making her gums bleed , and it was n't cleaning her teeth . I purchased this product and I instantly saw a change . Her breath smelled better within one use , and her teeth are clean and white . Brushing your dog 's teeth can add almost two years onto her life , and I am so happy to know that I could do that because of this awesome product . It is easy to fit into her mouth and it is gentle on her gums . At the same time , it cleans her teeth really well . I am very pleased with this product -- I DEFINITELY plan to repurchase !! This is easy to use and , dare I say it -- fun ! She does n't mind having her teeth brushed now . She surely does n't LIKE it , but she does NOT hate it anymore .
 Our cat actually does n't mind getting his teeth brushed with these , and having the control of it on your finger makes it much easier then using a brush .
 I was surprised my dog lets me use this on her teeth . Between this and the large Milk Bone dog bones , your dog will have a pretty smile that will last a long time .
 These work better than the regular toothbrushes . My dogs are n't crazy about them but definitely tolerate these finger ones better than the long handle toothbrushes . Their teeth are looking much better with each use .
 I have two bearded dragons that are about 6 inches long now . I usually like to change up their diet so get different types of food . These are nice big grasshoppers . They fight over them if do n't separate while feeding .
 Excellant leash . Holds up well even after getting wet while letting my dog swim in local pond . Spring remain tight and always rewinds even after taking my two large dogs for a long walk . Will buy again if this one ever wears out .
 Works like its supposed to and is a good quality . I have used it a few times and no problems .
 This is a great product if you 're doing home grooming as I am . One small word of caution however , if the dog moves around a bit , the rubber coating , particularly the one used behind the dog 's belly can pinch or create a red welt if you 're not careful . Our Mini Schnauzer had a welt for a few days caused by the drag of the rubber coating over this sensitive area of skin . Since then , I 've wrapped it in soft cloth to avoid future welting problems .
 i am using it regularly is holding up well . Dog is now under control .
 My pooch has always been one to turn around and sit down when I 'm trying to groom is back feet , tail , belly , etc. . This Haunch Holder is a wonder at keeping my dog standing - and he seems to be less bothered by my grooming now that he ca n't escape it .
 Ordered the springs through Amazon . Received them quickly with a very reasonable price . Would buy from this seller again .
 my hubby said `` You got him springs ?? '' . . YES , I did !! . . I was away at the time so I did n't see Casanova 's first reaction . I already knew these would be GREAT in the kitchen as I imagined Cass skittering across the kitchen floor chasing after these springs !! When I got my turn with these springs ; Cass and I had a BLAST !! As previous purchasers ' have stated ; these springs are not a constant `` got ta have 'em NOW '' toy . . but when he goes for them ; it 's an all out chase through the house . . hardwood floors to ceramic tile to carpets !! Another Casanova recommended toy !!
 Ollie loves this toy . The only problem with it is they roll under the furniture where he ca n't get to them . He loves batting them around the house . The favorite game is , I throw one up the stairs and and he knocks it back down . Hours and hours , days and days of fun !
 The cats love them , and so do I ! I have ordered more , since out of the original 10 I got at the beginning of January , I can only find 3 . Under the stove . None under the bed , refrigerator , or in the linen closet . Thankfully they are reasonably priced !
 The toys move well on my flooring and they can really `` whip '' my cats into a frenzy ! Leo retrieves them - carries them around and drops them at my feet , meowing for me to toss it . A toy that gets played with daily .
 My 2 year old cat as well as my daughter 's 2 cats Love these springs that roll when the cats try to grab them , so they '' re better than the fuzzy pompom balls i previously gave them and are easy for kitty to grab , unlike a little ball toy . .
 Both my kitties love these springs ... both the thin ones and the thicker ones . When my new refrigertator comes , I will probably find a dozen underneath the old one .
 My cats LOVE these things and will play with them endlessly . They have the slightly larger ones , but the smaller ones are their favorite . It 's fun to watch them amuse themselves with such a simple toy .
 Our two cats just love to play with their Ethical Thin Colorful Springs . They carry these around with them and find &#34; hiding places &#34; to tuck them into . Out of the pack of 10 Springs , there is n't one in sight right now . Now , this is the really fun part . Kitties and I hunt these springs down and toss them back into play zone . The cats come up with so many different ways to play with these toys . I highly recommend this product .
 My cats fight each other to play with these . They are pretty durable , too . I 've only found one chomped in half and that was after a year or so . They are colorful but colorfast which is good because two of my cats carry them around in their mouths when they want to play . These two play fetch with me all the time . I toss the spring and they race across the room to find it and then bring it back . One cat , Sister-sister , hides all of them under furniture . I have seen her pushing them under a table so the other cats ca n't get to them . She thinks they are hers , not theirs ! So cute . I am going to buy more this week because some of them are hidden so well , even I ca n't find them .
 Ok , we have so many toys for our little fuzzy guys . We purchased these as a holiday gift for all of the kitties in our family . We gave a few to our little guys and they went nuts for them . I wake up with them laying next to me as gifts from them ! Great little gift idea and there are so many in the pack ! :3
 Some reviews only give these 2 or 3 stars because their cats are n't interested . That 's not the toy 's fault . But if your cat likes this , then you 're golden . For some reason , the boy cats I have like it better than the girls do - all the girls ignore them . I use these thin ones with kittens - great when they are teething . They really get into jumping around with them . and I always frind them under the nightstand with the other favorite toys .
 She smacks these around . She likes to get them out and put them under the edge of the bed so when i vacuum they get sucked up and clog the vacuum cleaner . She does this on purpose . Also she leaves them by my bed . I get up barefooted in the dark and step on them . She gets a real cat laugh out of that . Once she was extra clever and left one in my sneaker . That was the ultimate cat fun for her day .
 she actually prefers the &#34; thick &#34; springs better , but these are great as well . kitty chases them all around the house and cant get enough . great for hardwood floors .
 My cat loves small plastic toys.These are light enough for my cat to throw for herself and chase . They move well from a swat of a paw .
 Our cats just love playing with these . They return to them time and again , which can not be said for a lot of toys.Only downside is their low profile guarantees they get lost under furniture and appliances .
 It 's a great toy ! It was delivered promptly ! I would recommend these to my friends , and i will order more when these are gone .
 My cat loves these . This cat fetches them , brings them back and pats them all across the house . Great pet toy .
 This is my third order of these . My cat loves to play fetch with them and then she goes off and takes it to play by herself . I have no idea what she does with them and where the other 20 are as they disappear rather rapidly around here . Still , for the price , they are a great toy that will bring a smile to your face when you see your kitty having a ball with it .
 My cats love these spring toys ! They can carry them around in their mouths and bat them all over the house . Such a simple concept but probably the best cat toy I 've puchased . I bought several packs of these and find them hidden all over the house . Once I fish them out from behind the stove or refrigerater -LRB- where ever they have hidden them -RRB- they ca n't wait to get them in their mouths to play with them .
 I have two kittens and bought these because they are a cheap toy with good ratings . My kittens love these and spend lots of time chasing them , carrying them , and batting them around . My only recommendation is to get more than one pack - my kittens have stuffed them into nooks and crannies all over my apartment so I have about 5 or 6 out of 12 remaining .
 These entertain my cat for HOURS . He pounces on them , chases them -LRB- they are springy so bounce around a little like a Nerf football does , going in different directions -RRB- , and carries them around . He hides them in various places . He brings them to me to play fetch . He chews everything , destroying it , but has not destroyed even one of these -LRB- he has already had surgery for removal of previous toys , so we are very careful what he is offered as a toy . -RRB- These are rugged , do n't hurt your feet if you step on them barefoot , and you do n't have to supervise play with them . Mine have lasted 8 months now ! I hope you will agree they are the perfect toy for your kitty , too !
 I got my Kitten out of a Cattery and was told to get her some springs . I was told that Amazon.com carried them . All the kittens at the Cattery play with them . She plays by the hour with them . I gave some to my son for his cat and sent some down to my daughter in Maryland for her cats .
 My cats will play with these springs for hours . They are especially fun on a hard -LRB- non-carpet -RRB- surface because it will skid across the floor when they bat at it . We 've lost quite a few because they also love to hide it . This is a difficult item to find locally but love the `` no shipping '' deals at Amazon !
 My cats did n't go crazy over these but every once in a while they 'll bat them around once or twice then go on and do something else.I step on them because they are scattered around my house and was surprised they did n't break so that 's a plus .
 We gave these to our Cat about 6 months ago , and she absolutely LOVES them !!! When she has completely hidden them from us , and she can no longer find them ... . we MUST buy her more . And we do.She carries them in her mouth , so proudly !! ... Strutting around with them ... . she rolls them across the kitchen floor , pounces on them ... plays hide & seek with them ... tries to grab them before they roll under the refridgerator and stove , etc. . . LOLOur cat -LRB- calico , age 10 months now , named Cinnamon -RRB- cries when she ca n't find her springs ... so we hunt them down :--RRB- and she gets sooooo happy to have them again.I ca n't see our house ever being without them now ! Fantastic invention . . Thank you !
 I have a year old black cat who is on a non-stop search and destroy mission . A friend gave me a pack of these , and my cat is TOTALLY focused on them - to the point where I MUST find them every morning -LRB- under the refrigerator , stove , dishwasher , doors , laundry room , etc. -RRB- before I leave the house , or ELSE . The other cat is n't interested in them , but the black cat is totally addicted . He will carry it through the house , growling as if he bagged an elephant.Totally worth every penny , and once these are gone I 'm buying plenty more . If you straighten out a wire coathanger , you can make a dandy retriever for them to get them out from under appliances and from behind heavy objects .
 It just goes to show that sometimes the simplest toys are the best toys . We inherited this grown kitten who came along with a whole sack full of cat toys . I stumbled across these toys at a local Dime Store last Christmas while shopping for Christmas pet supplies for family members . I opened up a pack of them for this kitty we had inherited , and much to my amazement our cat loved them ! 10 months later they are the only toy in the house that is played with non-stop , or at all for that matter.We have two packs of them that are scattered around the house ; and yes , we just cleaned out under the fridge and gathered up a bunch of them that are now again scattered here and there . A few of them have become casualties because we stepped on them but after pressing them back into place , they are back in service .10 months later , the cat has not grown weary of this toy ; and they have provided many hours of family entertainment as we watch the cat play with them . I bought them figuring they would make a very inexpensive stocking stuffer ; however , I am not sure who got the better gift , the cat or us!Such a simple toy , but well worth the money . I am glad that Amazon sells them because the store where we purchased them no longer sells them ; and neither do any of the larger local pet stores .
 My kitty plays with these for hours at a time , and loves to carry them , fetch them , and hide them . Another reviewer said that her cat hides them -- mine does , too , so I have to get the yardstick and poke under the furniture every now and then to retrieve them . It 's too bad that these currently are unavailable -- I want to buy more .
 She thinks these are so fun . I can only find one because the rest have been hidden ! She 'll play with these for hours it seems .
 My cats love the wide springs and I have reordered them several times . I had read a negative review on the thin springs and stayed clear of them . Finally a few weeks ago I broke down and ordered these regardless of the review . I must say I wish I had ordered them sooner . My cats like them just as much if not more than the wide . I find them to be of just as good a quality . They are definitely a bargain considering how much use my cats get out of them . They are carrying them around all the time . Scooting them across the hardwood floor is one of their favorite pastimes . My male cat has started bringing them to me so I can throw them and he will go retrieve it.Update
 I got these for my daughters young cats and they go crazy over them ! They are really cheap too ! Get the wide ones as her cats lose them really easy and the wide ones are easier to find in the house.Colorful Springs Cat Toy - Wide - 10 pk .
 My cats LOVE these springs ! Simple toys usually make for the best toys , and I would especially recommend these if you have cats that like to pick toys up like mine do . My cats love to pick up toys and run off with them or carry them around and even play fetch . So I am always on the lookout for toys that I think they could easily pick up . I got the smaller -LRB- thin -RRB- springs and they were a hit as soon as I got them . My cats were picking them up , batting them around the floor and even throwing them in the air ! They get really excited especially when they see me pick one up and wait for me to flick it in the air so they can chase after it ! And sometimes the springs really do bounce , which is a lot of fun ! It is their new favorite toy right now and I am finding them all over the house . I would also like to mention that with inspecting this product , I do not find that they can be easily broken or chewed up , as another reviewer stated that they were . And my cats have not managed to break any of them either . I find them to be quite durable actually . Overall I find this product to be a great , very fun and safe toy . The variety of colors is nice too . I definitely recommend these , though I do n't understand why they are so expensive here on Amazon . You can buy the same 10 pack of springs by the same company -LRB- Ethical Products , Inc/Spot -RRB- for less than $ 3 at local pet stores or at an online store like Fosters and Smith .
 I ordered these as a replacement for our previous springs that were shorter . These are good , but not quite as good . The shorter springs are easier for them to bat around and for me to throw to them . These still work , however , so I am glad to have these , at least . The cats are n't complaining !
 My cat LOVES these toys -LRB- probably more than me , lol . -RRB- I will most definitely be purchasing more of these for his Christmas stocking !
 My cat loves these toys . She throws them around for herself and then catches it and plays with it more . They spring all over the place so they are fun for her to chase around by herself .
 My cats love these so much , I have to hide the package so they do n't get them all at one time .
 This is a favorite in our house . One of our four kitties will play with nothing else but his springs . He even knows the word &#34; spring , &#34; where we keep them , and where they get lost . He 'll play for hours chasing his spring around the house , and has even taught himself how to play fetch with it -LRB- he brings it to us and cries until we throw it for him -RRB- . This is the only toy he plays with , and turns into a little stinker when he does n't have one available . We keep them hidden and give him one at a time to sate his boredom.I 've read reviews with concerns of breakage and ingestion , and can honestly say this has never been an issue in our home . Two of our cats -LRB- aged 2 years and 1 year -RRB- play with them frequently . The two-year-old has a tendency to try to eat non-food items , yet he has no interest in anything but playing with the springs . Naturally , all cats are different and should be supervised.Overall this is a great value for a great cat toy . I keep these on my Amazon shopping list for quick access now , when our springs -LRB- inevitably -RRB- go missing .
 my cats loved these toys - you can tell when they simply disappear under the couch within 24 hours !! . .
 These springs are the favorite toy of my Maine Coon kitten . She is quite active and demanding , but tossing a spring toy gets and keeps her attention . Unfortunately , she also likes to kick them under things like the refrigerator , so we now have approximately 50 of them lost in the house , but it 's so worth it to keep her out of trouble .
 My cats love these things . My only complaint is that they get lost under the fridge and stove . I do n't understand the comments about them breaking because we have accidentally stepped on them and they bounced back . Great product considering the price .
 My 9 month old Maine Coon loves these springs ! He will play with them for hours . He even meows for me to get them for him when they goe under something and he ca n't reach it . He just goes nuts over these simple little things . I will order the wide springs next time as the thin ones seem to fit under everything and I 'm always having to get them out for the cat .
 These are great for sanitary diaper changes ! I purchased them for our church nursery & all the moms are very thankful to have a sanitary place for all those diaper changes . They work wonderful & the price ca n't be beat .
 This product is just as good and much cheaper than what we were buying at Walmart .
 My dogs had pups nad they are all trained to go on these pads took 2 days and they are pretty big really absorbe well
 I bought the 300ct . blue pads , works well for puppies but the pads feel rather thin compared to retail store purchase . Still a great value . Still does the job.ABSORBANT DISPOSABLE WEE WEE PUPPYUNDERPADS 17X24 300/CS
 it was alright it had 300 but there not quite effective for me my dogs use it up with one pee
 I use these to put under my cat boxes and I have an older cat that sometimes has trouble getting in and out of the boxes so she uses the pads . They are a little thinner than the dog pads you get in the pet store but I remove them after she uses them so they do n't need to be super thick . The price is great for the quantity . I also like the fact that these do not have a pee scent on them like the dog pee pads . I do not want to attract more animals to the pads to pee on them . I just want to enable my elderly cat a sanitary and safe way to eliminate . They arrived quickly and in good condition .
 exactly what I needed and the bulk pricing is great . will purchase again and recommend to anyone in need
 I 've bought lots of different inexpensive pads for my doggies . These are much nicer than the last ones I bought . Not thick , but for the price they 're great . I use them for my little dogs and they work just fine . I change them after every use and they do n't leak around the edges like the last ones I bought . They have a little more fill than the other brands Ive tried .
 For the price you ca n't go wrong buying these in bulk . They do what they are supposed to and that is to create a barrier between your pet and floor .
 FAST ! Ordered it on Monday night -LRB- Labor Day -RRB- , and received it this morning ! Product was exactly as described . Very Pleased .
 The product is just what it says it is and is at a good standard .
 A great product , consistent quality , would definitely buy again!We have a 9 pound Maltese and we use them to keep his `` wee wee '' area clean - the price is more than reasonable and works extremely well.ABSORBANT DISPOSABLE WEE WEE PUPPY UNDERPADS 17X24 300/CS PACKAGED 3 BAGS OF 100purchased from Amazon.com
 These are just as good as the pads they sell in a pet store . You know the ones you pay $ 15.00 for and only get 25 pads .
 Overall this product serves it 's purpose . I thought they would have been a little thicker and maybe have `` stick lines '' on the back to attach them to the floor . They are worth the price .
 I really like this product & the price for 300ct 17x24 is a real bargain . At pet stores you only get 100 for $ 30 . Yes , they are a bit thicker but that does n't matter , these are completely absorbant . Even the larger sized pads , 23x24 200ct at about $ 32 - $ 35 including S/H are a great buy . However , the S/H charges vary as much as $ 5 , on both sizes . This is confusing ... because it 's the same weight each time & the S/H charges are from $ 15 - $ 20 . But that 's still NO PROBLEM for me ... an excellent find . Just make sure you buy them when they are on sale , about $ 15.50 - $ 19 .
 It serves it 's purpose -LRB- my cat has a wee-wee problem -RRB- at a much cheaper cost than what I would pay at a pet store ...
 After seeing the price I was a little leary . I have a -LRB- very old -RRB- Persian who `` leaks '' . He lives in a four story kitty condo that has been impossible to keep clean . Pee pads saved me with my dogs that could n't make it through the night -LRB- and during the housetraining process -RRB- . Reluctantly I lined the condo with the pads making life much easier . Pee pads -LRB- or wee wee underpads -RRB- are a lifesaver but very expensive . The ones I used initially were almost a dollar a pad !!! I was spending almost $ 400 a month on pee pads ! I tried alternatives - trash bags with paper towels taped on top etc. -RRB- but there really is n't a substitute . Always in search of a bargain I came across these -LRB- and the alternative size from the same company -RRB- . They were worth a try.It took a while for the delivery -LRB- checkout did n't request a street address which was required -RRB- but it worked out . Shipping seemed high but the pads are compressed and the boxes were heavy . The pads themselves look identical to the ones I 'd used except they are softer -LRB- the other ones I 'd used made a crinkling sound which made the cats love to play with them ... they were always in a heap -RRB- . They are great.They are n't intended for animals . I 'm guessing they are used in the medical industry . I have learned over the years that sticking a cute dog on the box means ten times the price - lesson learned from paying $ 10 for a box of $ 1 pantyliners -RRB- . I do n't need the marketing or the hype.This company has been a godsend . I honestly could n't justify the enormous expense of Berckley 's problem . He 's otherwise healthy and a beloved part of our family . Cheap baby wipes and these pads have saved us all .
 One thing you need to consider before even considering ordering these pads is the reason for doing so . Personally , my reason for doing so is that I have a small dog who is unable to go out during the winter months and needed indoor training.If you have a dog over ten pounds or is a puppy who will soon outgrow these pads you will be quite disappointed . Many people are claiming these pads are defective , which is simply not the case . These pads are not intended for many types of dogs and if you do n't order the proper pad , will be a waste of your hard earned money and resources.I got what I ordered and I 'm very pleased . These `` underpads '' are 17 '' x 24 , '' with the pad surface of 14 '' x 19 . '' Do n't try to economize by thinking you 'll save a few dollars because you wo n't if you choose the wrong pad . What I like about these pads : + + They come in several sealed packages instead of a huge box . I can store them in several areas and they stay clean . No huge box to contend with . + + The surface of the pad quickly wicks away the liquid into the fiber . At first I thought my dog was not using them . The thicker pads tended to keep liquid on the surface , making it quite visible . + + For the size dog I have , these are very economical . Many puppy pads , or substitutes , can be quite costly and 300 will last quite a while . + + I have n't had any `` adjustment '' problems as these pads are similar in shape , color , and size to the thicker ones I purchased before.Once again , these pads are perfectly fine , but do n't order them if they will not suit your pet 's needs ... you 'll be disappointed if you do .
 I 've been buying puppy pads/underpads for about 4 months now since I moved to an apartment and these are the best yet . They do n't leak and even though the one 's before were plastic underneath it was still not strong enough for my dogs . I have two yorkies . These work great ! I had ordered others before that were more expensive and that were covered under the two day shipping and even though these were not shipped in two days , they were well worth the wait ! LOVE IT and will order again in a month for sure !
 obviously if you own a great dane your not going to be happy with this product.but for a small dog owner it 's great.I lay out 1 pad . 1 pad only . My dog is for the most part housebroken , but If I 'm not around or asleep and she is still young where she ca n't hold a great amount ... . the pad is great . I keep one down in the same spot always clean during the day since she never uses one twice nor wants too . so they are meant to be very disposable and not sit there all day long.so to those complaining ? what did you expect for the price ? towel thickness ? training ? lmao .
 GOOD item , if you own an under 5 lbs Maltese , as I do ! =-RRB- I love the product and am grateful that I have a small puppy for it . . but I 'm not sure everyone has toy/lap dog , so I 'll leave a review for those of you curious about these puppy pads . . well , as a warning , these actually range in size . . I received the item QUICKLY , so the shipping is quite well . These puppy pads sometimes turn out SMALLER than the others in the same package you recieve . . LOL ! but hey 300 pads for 37 dollars in total is not bad at all.If you own a dog over 6lbs or so ... you might not be too pleased with this product , but hey , with 300 you can always stack one on the other , I suppose , as everyone else has claimed to have done . They are pretty thin but they do the job for the price they provide , you know?How this helped in some way !
 these will last quite a while before I have to go to the pet store again . They are a little thin but still worth the price .
 Chumlee , our bearded dragon love 's these . The price paid is similar to buying other worms at the pet store . However they do require refrigeration after being opened .
 I did n't follow the instructions in these , I just planted them in pots . My cat LOVED it , and they grew , which is mainly what I was worried about because I had bought seeds before at wal-mart that did n't grow no matter what I did with them.One suggestion though , if your cat likes to dig , use pots and try not to over-water , unless you like muddy messes on your floor .
 This product allows you to grow the grass right in the rather small package . I decided to grow it in a shallow 6 &#34; x 9 &#34; stainless steel pan I had . I put about an inch of potting soil in the pan and mixed the contents of this package into the surface of the soil . I watered it and covered with a piece of waxed paper to reduce the evaporation rate . Within a few days , new shoots were lifting the waxed paper . The grass came in surprisingly fast and got thick and lush . I allowed my cats to nibble on it after about a week or so , but kept it on a table in the sunlight to give it more time to grow . The cats knew where it was and started helping themselves to it . In their zeal , they knocked it off the table around the second week . To my surprise , almost no soil fell out . The roots were so thick , they had captured almost all the soil and held it through the impact . They have full time access to it now -LRB- I have four cats -RRB- and continue to enjoy it . The only problem is it 's starting to look like I 'll have to mow it . I thought I was finished with lawn mowing until next summer .
 Before purchasing this item on Amazon , we purchased a knock off for a few dollars less.We wo n't make that mistake again.The Flexi is the standard by which others are judged.Key Features :1 -RRB- Solid build quality2 -RRB- Assured stop mechanism & lock3 -RRB- Relatively unbreakableQualitative analysis of our unit1 -RRB- The Mini handle is pretty small , so only 2/3 fingers really fit2 -RRB- I hold mine in reverse and seems to fit comfortably in the palm of my hand3 -RRB- We hang our flashlight , poop bags and treats off the handle ... and have dropped it many times4 -RRB- Still looks as good as new
 Works perfect for our two Chihuahua 's . It is small and lightweight which I like and it 's strong enough to hold both of our Chihuahuas back . Just keep in mind this is for fairly small dogs . I would n't get it if your dog will chew on the leash because it 's a rather small rope and it could certainly be chewed through . It 's ten feet long , which is long enough to walk your dog , but it would be nice if it were a little bit longer , maybe 15 or 20 feet . Overall for the price that we paid it works perfectly and I am very happy with it .
 Works great , even for big dogs ... as long as they 're not `` pullers '' . I use this backpacking , I attach the base to my dog , and then I clip it to my belt . Give him the freedom of 10 ft , and he carries the weight !
 We like this retractable leash so much we purchased another when we adopted our second dog . Just the right size for 10 -12 pound dogs . Good quality and construction , lightweight and easy to use . The locking mechanism is great when training . Please observe the safety information as the small , strong cord is no joke !
 I really like the leashes made by this company . This one is great ! You can lock the cord with the push ot a thumb .
 This is a wonderful leash with just the right tension to let a little teacup -LRB- 4-lb . -RRB- come and go within reason as she pleases while we walk.Just be careful , when using the Stop or Lock functions with the button -LRB- which restricts further out OR in motion of the leash -RRB- , that you do n't leave any slack between you and your pup when releasing the stop , because the snap-back is rather strong and startling for both pet and pet parent.The ONE time I was not paying close enough attention while fastening it to her collar and it snapped back about a foot as it returned to it 's home position , it whipped me with such force that I dropped it as I winced and cursed in reaction . And I 'm not a tiny little waif , so please know I 'm not overreacting when I say it really smarted.Don ' t be surprised by its size
 The first leash sent was defective , but I received a replacement within a day , so no problem . This is one of the few retractable leashes light enough to use for a cat . The leash works fine -- the cat not so much ! Takes a long time to train a cat to walk on a leash , but once done , they usually enjoy the outing .
 This retractable leash arrived in a cotton candy pink -- not the hot pink as pictured . Works fine , no problems with retracting , sturdy enough for $ 20 , and I would recommend as long as you 're okay with the baby color .
 A few years ago , my cats and I relocated to Germany . And while my four-pawed trio generally took the move in stride and quickly adapted to their new home in a manner that filled me with new love and admiration for them , there is one item now , several years later , still sorely lacking in their lives
 My cat see just the bag and she come a running and love them to death.And she is one girl who know what she what and when . . Age 17 YEAR OLD . .
 my kitty loves these & I went all over to find them . when theywere n't in the stores anymore , I was so glad to find these , that I bought them out .
 My cat loves this treat ! I 've tried many treats prior to POUNCE and my cat would eat them all with no problem , until he was introduced to POUNCE Crunchy Tuna . Now he only wants this treat , because if he is given any other treat , he takes his time eating it or just walks away from it . With Pounce , he does tricks , recognizes the package and if he 's in another room and hears the bag , he 's running towards me!ABOUT THE SELLER ... I was expected to receive delivery on August 17th , instead I received it the next day after placing my order ! What a pleasant surprise ! I will definitely order from this seller again !!! THANK YOU SO MUCH !
 I originally had the plastic type of heated buckets with the element separated from water in the bucket by a layer of plastic -LRB- made by Allied Precision -RRB- but these have all failed the test of time and have been discarded because the plastic interior of the bucket cracked and the water leaked.I replaced them with 2 of these heated rubber buckets from Farm Innovators and they have been working perfectly for the past 4 winters . The plastic guards which snap over the heating element have come loose and been lost over the years but the horses do n't seem to mind amd we have not had any burns or broken elements . I do make sure that the buckets are plugged into a GFI outlet.I recently bought another heated rubber bucket through Amazon and it works just as well as the old ones . The price was very competitive , especially when I factored in what I would have paid for shipping elsewhere . Highly recommended !!
 I love this mix , although you have to remember to put the B complex in 5 minutes later . I love the results and have n't had happier corals . Complete complex for a beginners tank , loved the easy application and indications . Super easy for beginners .
 I use this for both of my tanks . . a 28g and a 20g . I have never had an issue with it . I 've read reviews that where negitive , and say to use higher priced brands . . I have sps , lps , nps , and softies in my tank and they all have good growth , my levels are always steady and within perfect range of where they are supposed to be . Why spend double on the other stuff when this works just as well ?
 This 2 part supplement is just perfect . Better coral growth and coloration . Same with fish . Everything in the 29g reef tank &#34; pop 's &#34; . My parameters are consistently on target . Do n't even need to dose daily after everything is in check . Has NO effect on protein skimmer as well . I feel very &#34; safe &#34; using Kent Marine Nano Reefs part A & B.
 I am new to chickens . I bought the cheap plastic feeder first and wish I would have bought this instead ! The bar turns so the chickens do not roost on top . Good quality . Wish it had legs to boost it up a bit , but we put it on a couple 2 x 4 's and that helps .
 I use this to spot feed mysis shrimp to my corals and some fish . Sometimes I have an issue with the mysis not fitting thru the tiny hole in the end of the seasquirt . That is the only downside to this . Otherwise its a great tool thats adjustable to whatever length you could possibly need for a tank .
 I love this squirt however , the little hole is just barely big enough to suck up thawed brine shrimp . I guess I did n't realize it 's only best for fluid-based food only . In any case , it does suck up thawed brine and I can spot feed our gobies , corals and our anemone ... the Gobie quickly figured out that there was FOOD on a stick and tends to attack the tip at feeding time . It wo n't suck up foods as large as frozen mysis -LRB- which was my only disappointment and lack of 5 stars since the description is n't clear -RRB- It 's a great invention and totally beats the turkey baster feeding method !
 I really like this feeder because it makes it easy to feed my stubborn frogs in the tank I have . It also makes it easy to direct the food towards certain fish in the tank . The only down side is that the hole is very small and the only thing I have been able to feed out of it is live brown worms . And I 've been having difficulty doing that because it does n't want to suck them up . I have n't had a chance to try live brine shrimp , those also might fit . All in all this is a great feeder and I would buy again .
 Arrived in perfect condition . Just what I needed . Wish the barrel was a bit bigger for shrimp but very useful .
 This item is a wonderful pet restraint solution when used in the proper manner . It is designed for dogs over 6 months of age and under 50 lbs . of weight . However , it is not meant as a permanent solution . This spiral stake is twisted into the ground and has a large ring in which you attach the tether chord -LRB- not included -RRB- that allows movement in a 360 degree circumference . Please use a tether chord that is long enough for the size of your pet , but yet not so long that it can get tangled and entrap your pet . Always restain your pet in an area where you can supervise their time on the tether to avoid any chance of harm . NEVER leave your pet tethered overnight or in any harsh weather conditions . ALWAYS have clean water readily available and ample shelter for your pet . Also keep your pet safe by NEVER placing them in a area where other dogs or wild animals can come into contact with them . This a good solution for pet restraint when used with good common sense !
 I tied 2 pugs -LRB- 20lbs each -RRB- to this when we went to the park so we could relax on a blanket without them jumping on us . It worked great . The ground was a little hard , so it hurt my hand a bit to screw this thing in , but once in it held the little yappers .
 I have a medium size dog -LRB- about 30 lbs . -RRB- that is VERY strong and energetic for her size . This stake took some elbow grease to get it into the ground , but it has worked pretty well , considering the force the dog uses to pull on it . It has a swivel on the o-ring that keeps it from tangling the cord . I bought two of these ; one of them broke off at the top handle where you hold it to screw into the ground . The other was fine . Since they are relatively inexpensive , i am still pleased with this product , and plan to buy a replacement for the one that broke .
 We purchased this item for our 50 pound terrier mainly for use in the backyard when we are gone . However , during Christmas time we were at another house 12 hours a day or more so we brought this along with us . We put her in a large open space , put this in the ground with a 50 ft cord then attached it to her collar . Now my dog is very smart and stubborn but the only problem we had was her collar breaking . Once we got her a different type of collar she stayed in the field all day with room to run around . She pulled several times when she saw an animal or people run by but at the end of the day the stake was still in the ground and the cord still attached . We always kept her supervised though from inside and left her plenty of water . This is a great solution to be able to bring your dogs with you or to keep them contained at home . I would definitely suggest buying this item .
 My cocker spaniel has some sort of allergy . We are trying different foods . He loved the Canidae , however it did not stop his itching so we will move on . But seems to be a great product even though didnt do the trick with Hershey !
 I like the leash , but am debating whether I want use a different one.With that said , my transaction with the seller was excellent !
 I got this for my pitbull last year for around $ 13 and it works very well . The leash is strong and has a good grip . Sometimes pushing the button down does n't stop the leash until a few clicks later but nothing major . I would recommend this to people who need a strong leash . Disappointed they raised the price .
 This product gives my boxer much more freedom on our daily walks . Her greatest joy is sniffing everything in sight and this tape leash gives her the free range to do so . She also gets joy from grabbing the tape with her mouth and pulling me , if she feels we are not moving along at her speed . Cord leashes get frazzled from this , but this tape leash seems to be holding up really well . All-in-all , it 's lightweight , durable and affordable .
 the reason it is so good ... it works!I had previously purchased an animal planet leash and just hated it . It was so bulky -RRB- due to bag container -RRB- and the lead did not come out and retract like this Flexi leash does . Never buy anything other brand
 This one is much smaller and lighter but seems to work fine . The handle part is much smaller than our previous one . It fits my hand just right but is too small for my husband 's hand now and it is uncomfortable for him to use . I 'm now searching again for another which has a larger handle for him to use .
 I love my leash because it gives my dog more freedom and it is convenient . It is strong enough to keep my dog close when I need to . Thanks for a speedy delivery as well .
 This leash allows my Dingo/Shepard mix the freedom to chase squirrels and birds on our walk . From the sidewalk she can explore the world . Thanks for a great product .
 This is by far the best leash I have ever used ! There is one thing to keep in mind tho , in the picture it appears that this is a corded leash with a ribbon end on it -LRB- the last part closet to dog 's collar -RRB- However , I was very disappointed when I opened it and it is a full on ribbon leash !! BUT , it does not get tangled like other ribbon leashes when retracting or releasing . After many walks now , still working great ! It releases very smooth and comes back very smooth ! I 'll post pictures of actual product soon . Very happy!Would recommend the seller to update photo to show correct leash and that it does NOT have corded style .
 This product is great for dogs over 100 lbs . I have two Bouvier puppies -LRB- 18 months -RRB- that are very strong and still learning . These work great and would highly recommend them . Retract easily .
 This is a great leash ! The picture shows it as a cord leash but it 's actually all tape . All tape leashes are really the only way to go . They are so much better . Solid quality , good feel in your hand and a good price . I am about to buy a second one for the other dog .
 Exellent product . it works perfectly and my boys love the freemdom they get when walking with it ! . It changed my walking the dogs experience and we are all very happy.Safe , light and easy to handled .
 When I got my first dog six years ago , a friend gave me her USED Flexi leash . It was beat up and very well-used by the time I received it , and I then proceeded to use it as my ONLY leash for the past six years with my 97-pound German Shepherd . I loved it , and when it finally broke recently I immediately tried to replace it.I was looking for the largest size because I now have another German Shepherd who is 100 pounds , so I was looking for the leash that is rated at 110-pounds , and I wanted EXACLY what I had before , which was the cord version . I looked EVERYWHERE ... all the pet stores in town , plus online , and could not find it . I discovered that Flexi had discontinued the cord version in the 110-pound size , and my only option was the tape version . I even searched Craisglist for a used one , because I really wanted cord -- I just did n't believe that the tape would be as strong or durable as the cord . Well finally I realized that I was not going to find a cord one in the largest size , so I bought the tape version from Amazon.I still love the Flexi leash , but I definitely do n't like the tape as well as the cord . In two months the tape had developed a pinhole , and in looking at it under a magnifying glass it was clear to me that it would probably continue to fray , and with such a large dog I definitely did not want any weakness in my leash ! My dog does not chew his leash , so I contacted FlexiUSA and asked if it would be covered under warranty , fully expecting them to assume it was caused by chewing and say no . But to my surprise , they told me to send it back and they would replace it under warranty.The whole transaction was as smooth and easy as could be . The company was extremely pleasant , and promptly sent me a new replacement.Summary
 This is by far the best leash I have ever owned . It 's the first retractable leash I have used . I do n't think I will ever go back to a regular leash . It 's very easy to use and my dog loves it too . I bought the extra long size for my medium size dog . I knew it would be better made than the small dog leashes . Love it !
 this has worked great so far on a 60 pound lab . The line feeds out smoothly and the entire device is smaller than the last one we had which fed out the same length of tape .
 Best leash I have ever used . My 85 # dog loves it also , 16ft is just right . The product is very well made , the brake and locking device works great . I would recommend this to anyone . I take my dog a walk eveyday with this leash and it is more enjoyable for me and my dog .
 Have been using it for 30 days with an 80lb . American Pit Bull Terrier that pulls quite a lot . There has been no fraying or binding . Just a little twisting when the last foot or so goes back into the housing . The swivel could be designed to rotate easier but that is the only negative that I have found .
 I was a little nervous to use this retractable type leash after reading the warnings all over the packaging and the insert . Things like burning or cutting your skin if this thing snaps back on you . So when I tried it I was pretty cautious , but I soon got the hang of it . I did find that my dog got it wrapped around his legs several times . . do n't know if that was my fault or not . In the beginning , the lock was hard to engage.I did like that my dog had more room to roam and was not pulling me as much because of this . By the way , I have a 9 month old Golden Retriever named Jack . In his opinion , no leash is a good leash .
 This is a great leash . It is the tape style and it works much smoother than the cord type . Plus there is less chance of rope burn if this gets wrapped around a bare leg .
 Since we are NYC apartment dwellers we walk our Catahoula three times a day , minimum . If you have ever run into other doggy friends and had those string-type leashes get all twisted up together you will truly appreciate having a nice soft cloth tape to grab instead of string . I thought it would be thicker since it 's for dogs up to 110 lbs but seems to be holding up well .
 We 've been using this leash for about 10 months now and have not had any issues . It 's sturdy and durable , and still holds and retracts without issue . The clasp is good quality .
 I 'd give this a solid 4 . The only con is that it 's a little on the heavy side , but I got used to that and I think it 's a necessary element to provide the sturdiness and support of the leash . I almost went with a 23 ' leash but I 'm glad I did n't , this is the perfect length ... long enough for my pooch -LRB- an active Lab who likes to sniff everything -RRB- to roam around , but not too long where it would get tangled on things or she 'd get too far ahead . I was hesitant about getting the leash type because my only experience was with the cord , but I like it as well as the cord one that I use for my smaller dog . My lab is a puller at times and I 've had no problems with the leash in that regard . I 'm happier for her that she has more room to roam on walks , she enjoys herself more ... so it 's a win win situation , she gets to roam and I still know she 's safe .
 I have a sixty -LRB- 60 -RRB- pound Basset Hound and this leash is excellent . There is no problem with twisting or control . I would highly recommend the Flexi Classic 3 Retractable tap leash .
 This is the third of the Flexi leashes I 've purchased and by far the best . Initially I was concerned that it would be heavier than I like . but it is comfortable in my hand and does n't start to feel heavy after holding it for awhile.The ribbon is a great improvement . It feels much safer and it glides quietly and smoothly . Mine seems to get a little twisted on the walk and I 'm not sure why . There is a very good swivel hook at the top that should prevent this , but the plus side is that it untwists very easily and does n't present a problem.I 'd highly recommend this leash . If it lasts as long as the others did , it will be with me for years to come .
 I have purchased far to many leashes over the years but this one is the best for my 15-20lb dogs . It is strong , durable and reliable .
 I have a 90 pound un-neutered American Bulldog who walks 8 to 10 miles a day using this retractable lead . After 5 years of daily hardcore use and approximately 7,500 miles this lead uncermoniously quit working . I have no complaints at all and hope his new lead will be just as durable . If you have never used a retractable lead you owe it to your dog to give it a try .
 Bought this `` tape '' leash about a month ago to replace previous `` cord '' type leash.Pros
 This really lets your dog enjoy his freedom , but it really is a little pricey ...
 Thanks Amazon for selling the Flexi Classic 3 at a reasonable price ! All our local retailers were asking $ 35 + + for the exact same item . Who pays $ 50 for these things ? Not me ! The leash is well built and perfect for our 70lb Lab .
 It is much better product than my previous ones that always were breaking , with a great price.awsome and built strong .
 the flat tape makes all the difference . those cords are nasty and will burn you or a small child in a nano-second .
 Plenty of leash , the retractor works great , very ergonamic and not one thing bad to say about this product . I would buy another if needed .
 Exellent mechanism , sturdy construction . I have bought Flexi before , and never had any problems . I have bought cheaper ones and they never last .
 Buttons move smoothly and the handle is plenty big for my hand to rest comfortability in . It maintains my black lab perfectly ...
 These leashes are great ! They are lightweight , and can handle the pulling that my dogs do while they are walking me ! Very much worth the price !!
 This has worked fine for the few months I have had it . The cord -LRB- tape -RRB- does seem a bit thin and delicate , but as long as your pooch is not a cord chewer , there should be no problem .
 This is the 2nd one I 've owned b/c my dog likes to chew them to pieces . As long as he does n't get a hold of it , it 's great quality and so much easier to use than a standard leash . My dog is a hyper 80 pounds , and the large leash can stop him in his tracks when needed . It 's also good for training .
 Great leash . I feel secure walking my 80lb dog on this . He is bloodhound and lab . The bloodhound in him is uncontrollable when he sees a squirrel , thank goodness for this leash . I always have control . Added bonus - it arrived very quickly . Will definitely do business with this seller again !
 Though it seems a bit pricey . it works well and seems well made.I enjoy using it .
 I got this leash for my 85 pound , very exuberant , Giant Schnauzer . It 's only been about six weeks since we got it but so far , it 's been great . The dog has really given it a workout and its held up perfectly . Hope it still holds together after a year or so . I 'm glad I paid the extra for a well-made leash ; I know a lesser one would have failed by now.Update , 9/2012The dog has slowed down , just like me but this leash is as strong as new . If she had offspring I could hand this down for generations .
 Retractable Tape Leash is wonderful . We like the tape a lot better than the cord .
 I just got the Flexi 3 retractable tape leash from Amazon , and I must say , of the three retractable leashes I 've ever owned , this one is hand 's down the best one ever ! Smooth operation , snappy to return , and gives great control of your dog while letting the dog have a bit of freedom too . I 'd highly recommend this to any dog owner . We have 3 month old lab puppy and were using a regular leash up until I purchased this one . She would be tangled , trip over the leash , I 'd have to get it out from underneath her . With the Flexi 3 retractable leash ... I have n't had ANY of these problems . Again , HIGHLY RECOMMENDED !
 I have the tape version -LRB- large dog -RRB- , it retracts great and never jams . It feels solid and I think it 'll last quite a while . It 's comfortable to hold and easy to operate .
 This is a great leash . Mechanism is very smooth and product is sturdy enough for large dogs . We have 2 of them and they work great . In the past we 've had the ` corded ' leash but like the ` tape ' much better .
 Like the tape leash ; it 's much easier to use . The leash works fine with a stubborn 85-lb untrained German Shepherd . I would like it better if it were longer .
 This product is very durable and tough . I have a crazy black lab and this lead is the perfect strength for her .
 this is a great sturdy / well-made leashiv gone through quite a few leashes breaking from my dogs pulling on the lea , resulting in the leash 's mechanism breaking , havnt had that problem with this leash : -RRB-
 This is a great leash , it retracts easily , locks open easily , and does n't get tangled around bushes , stumps , and even legs ! Much better than the rope retractables , and a good value . Provides safety and insurance against injury to both me and my pet .
 I got this a year and a half ago for my 110lb STRONG dog and it has held up so far and in all the times it has wrapped around neighbors legs it has not hurt anyone which is a huge improvement over the cord type . Today I was walking my 1yr old foster pup who likes to chew things and I stopped to talk to a neighbor and I am not exagerating when I say he chewed through it in 2 min max ! He was not pulling tearing or anything , it was like he was gnawing on it and then it was in 2 pieces ! Fortunately he did not get away and I do n't necessarily fault the leash , it is a compromise since heavier duty nylon webbing tape would make the leash larger and heavier than it already is and it is possible the rope is more durable but when it gets wrapped around things it is brutal . I am going to buy another one but suggest that if you have a chewer , be advised it can be chewed through very fast -LRB- this is only the 2nd time I have walked this puppy so he did not do it gradually or anything ! -RRB- . I suggest spraying the first 6 ft or so with bitter apple from time to time if you do have a chewer!Also I have one of those zippered pouches that Flexi makes and it is great but be aware it is difficult to fit on the Large tape leash -LRB- think it might not be designed to fit these larger ones -RRB- . I have used it for over a year so it can be done though !
 Great retractable as it does n't get stuck , retracts smoothly and does n't give you rope burn if the leash happens to graze your leg . I would buy this again and recommend it to friends .
 Hi , we own two pups . The previous owner gave us a bag of Purina food when we bought them . They were so itchy that I though they had fleas . I bought fleas medicine , but it did n't help . I went to petsmart , and they recommended me to buy this brand . Nutro Natural Choice Wheat free helped them . It eliminated their itch about 85 to 90 % with the first bag . I never going to change the brand . The price is a bit expensive comparing with other brands , so I recommend to buy in ebay coupons for this food . I buy get $ 3.00 off for any bag . Petsmart sells a 5 lbs . bag @ $ 9.29 , but Aubuchon sells their @ $ 7.99 . Check your local distributors for prices . They also have a frequent buyer program -LRB- buy 10 and get 1 free -RRB- . Register in their , and they will send you coupons .
 This is the 3rd filter I have tried in my 1 gal betta tanks . I took one of the stacks off and it fit my tank perfectly . It has kept my tank water crystal clean . It is quiet and you can adjust the water flow . I 've had no problems with too much flow for my bettas . However I had to take the shiny silver rio name tag off the front of the filter as my betta 's were constantly seeing their reflections and flaring . Excellent product and does exactly what they advertize .
 I am pleased with this product , but it will not lay in place as it shows in the pictures , For the money I am pleased with it .
 Could n't be happier . My son was married on Aug. 21/10 it arrived Aug. 18/10 , I thought it would n't be in on time . When we opened up the package it looked just like the image , sometimes when you order things you are disappointed , I was n't . We all thought our dog Chipper looked very much dressed up like the rest of the family
 Well , my dog loves the food and I love the really fast shipping ! I received it the day it was expected and I really liked having the delivery guy bring it up my front steps instead of me . I also like the durable bag the food is in -- very easy to open , but not rip .
 Pro Plan Puppy Food is very good product . My puppies love this food . 18 pound bag is not available at my local pet store , I was glad to find it at Amazon . I would recommend this food to all puppies owners . Healthy and the pups love it . A +
 Our friends ' dog loves this toy . When he sees us , he goes & gets this toy to show us how he likes it and I find it amazing that he remembers it came from us .
 I have two great pyrenese dogs and this worked great in allowing me to take both of them for a walk . After some adjustment the dogs worked really well together on it .
 Love the adjustability . I had been looking for something like this for a while .
 I have two large dogs and this leash makes walking them much easier . My kids and I love can really enjoy walking the dogs now .
 Good leash and appears to be mad out of strong material . I just wish each leash was a little bit longer .
 With adjustable settings , this products is really useful and incredibly durable , I 've used others before and they have simply snapped under pressure but because this one is made of rope , it is a lot more sturdier .
 The quality of this product is outstanding and the value is also , I highly recommend this product and this company . I used standard shipping and recieved my coupler in two days which is amazing .
 Construction of the product is very good , maybe a little big and heavy for the dogs we use it on -LRB- Yorkie and Westie -RRB- . Would have been better if slightly longer .
 i ordered this for my two medium size dogs ... a german shepherd mix and a yellow lab mix . they are both about 50lbs and it works perfectly for them !!
 This is an awesome tool for walking two Dachshunds . It works great and would recommend this to anyone with more than one small dog .
 Great item works very well for my 70 lbs boxer and 55 lbs dalmation.the adjustable feature doesnt work with a good puller.I love the 36 '' exept when it drags and the dog gets tangled .
 for anyone with two dogs , this is definitely quite a useFUL leash . we normally walk our dogs -LRB- lab/shep mixes -RRB- on seperate retractable leashes - so they can go their own ways sniffing about . however , when they need to be taken down for a ` quick ' pee , this leash os PERFECT ! just clip it on each dog and clip the main hook onto any leash , and you 're set ! also works great when you 're taking them for an actual walk and do n't want them sniffing off in different directions while you 're getting yourself untangled from the two leashes.definitely a good buy -LRB- for the price -RRB- made from seemingly good quality clips . but bear in mind that i do n't really think they 'd do well to ` tether ' your dogs onto - i 'm pretty sure it would n't stand the stress . it 's great for non pulling dogs - i might recommend something stronger if you have two rotties or pitbulls ?
 My dogs are sisters and weigh about 90 # and 50 # . I looked everywhere for a braided round coupler to replace the one that I left at the park . Shipping was fast -LRB- thank goodness -RRB- and quality is good . I would probably prefer no metal adjusters on it but so far so good . My girls walk well on a coupler as they have done it since they were puppies and although they wear harnesses when we go out , they do not pull . Im happy with my purchase .
 This leash coupler is great ! I have a 53 pounds and a 40 pounds dogs . Be prepare to laugh at the beginning because your dogs will really wonder in a funny way . Soon enough , they will learn quickly how to walk together side by side . This is so much better than dealing with 2 leashes . Make sure you tell one of your dogs to sit when the other one goes for # 2 .
 This is the best thing ever for walking two dogs at the same time . It 's adjustable , so you control how much freedom your dogs have while walking . Very sturdy and strong . I have two pit bulls and they have n't broken it yet ! I suggest buying this with the Sporn anti-pull harness and you 'll be all set for a pleasant walk with your dogs . I recommend this to all my doggie friends .
 I really like this product , but my little puppy keeps falling behind and then he ends up near the other dog 's rear haha . But it is really good when you do n't want to handle two seperate leashes . we bring the individual ones with us for when we -LRB- my husband and I -RRB- want to walk at different paces . We have n't mastered the dogs going potty on the leash though . sometimes when they got ta go , they got ta go tho ! we havent had any catastrophe 's yet . : -RRB- It 's really strong , we have a border collie/lab -LRB- 65lbs -RRB- & a golden lab -LRB- 3 mo puppy -RRB- but i will hold both as adults .
 This product was awesome , very well constructed & strong enough for those dogs who do n't know their own strength . We are very pleased with this product & would highly recommend it to anyone .
 Exceptional Service ! Product was lost / stolen and customer support was amazing ! A new product was sent immediately and consistent follow up until I had the item . Very great company to work with ! I would definitely order again !
 Not sure if I should post this here , as there is no problem with the food itself -- my fish love it . However , the title states that it is a 2.75 oz container , but what arrived -LRB- and what is actually shown in the product image -RRB- is a 2.2 oz container . I did not return it -LRB- not worth the hassle -RRB- , but hopefully they will fix this . The last bottle I bought -LRB- from Walmart , not here -RRB- had a `` Bonus 25 % more '' so it actually WAS 2.75 oz . I think what happened is the company stopped doing that , but they have not adjusted the title here .
 my fish love to eat it . i love to feed it to them . they do n't seem so picky , but I always buy them this same product and they 've always been quite happy with receiving it.tropical fish , freshwater ... tetras and mollies and the like .
 my fish love this food . it was clearly the best of my order . i will need to restock soon . my oscar says thanks .
 Having several ponds with colorful goldfish , I need a reliable product that the fish will eat , and wo n't become a pond filter clog . My goldfish love this product , and snap it up quickly , looking for more . The flakes themselves are colorful , and I do believe the fishes ' colors have brightened after being on a diet of these flakes . Even towards the bottom of the can , there are still large flakes that have not turned to powder like some other brands . Love the fact that I ordered them Monday and they arrived Wednesday . Am a repeat customer for this product .
 This food is great ! My fish attack it at every feeding time . My other food clouded the water , this food does not . It is easy to crush down for the smaller fish in your tank . -LRB- 2 dwarf gouramis , 2 corys , 2 otocinclus , 7 harlequin rasboras , 7 neon tetras . -RRB- I would reccommend and will oreder again .
 I provide to my betta fish a variety of food
 this is the only stuff i feed my fish . i do n't give them any of the fancy stuff that they recomend . its this stuff that makes them live longer . been doing it for years .
 Nom nom nom nom.Even the picky catfish like the stuff . And when I was breeding guppies -LRB- not entirely by choice -RRB- these kept them happy and colorful .
 I 've got a cichlid tank and they gobble it right up after they get used to it . After using just this for a couple years as the main course I 've not had any illnesses , the fish are all active and have beautiful colors . Team this food up with the occasional freeze dried treat or whatever else your fish might like and you 'll be set .
 `` Fishes love it '' . Tetras , guppies and barbs love the TetraColor Tropical Flakes , and after a months use i am noticing that the fishes are active and their colours have also improved
 This food is just great for our goldfish . We have two of them in our aquarium and it seems they are reasonably picky about what they eat . I was really hoping they would like this and it looks like they love it ! I have been feeding this to them for a few weeks and I am yet to see a single flake floating in the water . It 's all gone !
 My huge koi , Archimedes , stands on his tail when he sees me coming with this food . No kiddin . He loves it .
 i popped the top off and couldnt slide it back on . I prefer the old salt pepper type tops , other then that great !!
 When I feed my fish even my turtles nibble at it all the time everyone loves this stuff . This kinda outa the other Tetra fish food provides the most nutritional diet and while feeding the water is much cleaner/clear , no more light amber tint , -LRB- amber tint settled after 5mins of the filter being turned back on so it was n't bad -RRB- . Also if you have shrimp , not glass bc you wont tell , but you have green or cherry shrimp it makes them pop with color just after 5-7days of eating it makes your aquarium look awesome . Good food , good price , free shipping ... buy some !!
 Dogswell Happy Hips have given 13 1/2 year old Annie , a Golden Retriever , a new outlook on stair climbing . She 's back to going up and down with ease . I have to believe the several Happy Hips `` treats '' she receives each day play a part in this . She never turns them down .
 I have been buying dogswell livers since training my young corgi in ' 05 . They are -LRB- to me -RRB- the best traing treat & the best ` love your dog & give 'em the best ' treat ever ! No fake stuff - no additives or preservatives , just natural freeze dried bovine live .
 My Chow Chow is a fussy eater . She loves all the Happy Hips treats , especially the chicken and duck . I was n't sure she would like the liver because she never chews on hard bones or anything that she ca n't swallow in a few seconds . She loved the liver treats and I think they help keep her teeth clean because they are hard . I was afraid of the quality issue with the Eatwell products which come from China , but I feel better knowing that Eatwell tests all of the products themselves before they sell them to us .
 My dogs love these treats . I have a Newfounland and a Japanese Chin and I have to give them the same type of treats , otherwise they spend all their time checking out what the other dog got , trying to steal the other dog 's treat and sulking . Given the dogs ' size difference , I usually end up breaking up pieces of the treats for my smaller dog . Biscuits and most other treats that they like make a mess when I break them in half ; however , the Happy Hip treats are perfect because I can easily break off smaller pieces for little dog and give the big guy the rest.Deliver was great . I had run out of treats and dog food while vacationing in a remote location . My delivery arrived more quickly than I expected and everything was correct . I will definitely buy from them again .
 To may amazement , my dog prefers the Cow Liver treat to any similar treat , i.e. chicken or duck . Kind of surprised me but if I give her two treats at the same time she will always eat the liver first . Go figure .
 I have been hunting for a decent treat for my GSD . She just had TPLO surgery and has been recovering nicely . I did a search for healthy treats and came across these happy hips . The ingredients are natural and she absolutely loves them . The idea that it is also benefitial for her joints adds a special bonus to the product . No sugar or garbage in these . I have been keying in on more protein in her diet as she has had digestive problems . She has had not problems since I changed . You ca n't go wrong with these .
 These interestingly-styled air pumps are the most inexpensive and quiet of the `` vibrating diaphragm '' types that I 've seen in 50 + years . `` Silent '' is a very subjective judgement you have to make . If there are moving parts , chances are that there is some noise generated . These pumps are not silent , and you certainly can hear them in an otherwise quiet room , but they for their price , volume and pressure of air pumped , they are certainly a `` best buy '' . I always place my air pumps in something enclosed , such as under a tank in it 's cabinet , where most of the noise vibrations can be absorbed by placement and a little experimenting . Also interesting is the frequency of the sound produced that makes that `` hum or vibration '' you hear . It seems that these pumps produce a lower , less obnoxious vibration than any others of the same type . If that 's true , it may be due to the design has the internal mechanisms ` suspended ' inside , somehow altering -LRB- reducing , lessening -RRB- the noise . You ca n't expect miracles out of something this price , but for an inexpensive mass-produced item this would be hard to beat .
 The unit works great for 40 gal . tank , nice and quiet so far . &#62; &#60; -LRB- -LRB- -LRB- &#62; ` . . ' ` . &#62; &#60; -LRB- -LRB- -LRB- &#62; . ' ` . . , . &#62; &#60; -LRB- -LRB- -LRB- &#62; ` . . ' ` . &#62; &#60; -LRB- -LRB- -LRB- &#62;
 The Whisper pumps have for years been quality pumps that are affordable . Their quietness , capability , and longevity make them excellent buys and this one is no exception .
 Had one of these pumps it lasted for 3 or 4 yrs before it was n't able to blow bubbles so i got a replacement . VERY quite will not really notice its on make sure to get a check valve incase teh power stops of it will die from water feeding back into unit .
 This product is quiet & thats important ! Ive had ones so loud its unbearable & u can hear them on the second floor ! This you can barely hear over the running water from my filters ! It also delivers a great amount of air , my bubble wand is evenly supplied which is the next important thing !
 I have bought 5 Tetra whisper pumps . 4 of them arrived louder than a fridge . The 1st one , a 20 , quieted down after a year and I use it on a 25 hex . It still puts out the air even though it is as quiet as the Eheim filter now . The 2nd was a 60 , which I do not use because it is too loud . The 3rd one was a 40 , and it arrived whisper quiet -- how about that ? So I quickly bought another 40 and and I could hear it from every room in the house . Thought I 'd try another 40 , and it was just as noisy.I saw the recommendation one guy gave that made his pump quiet . Well , it does n't work on any of my pumps . All my pumps have their L shaped magnets in their farthest right position , and there is plenty of space between the two magnets , but the vibration of the armature is just way too noisy . You can quiet the armature by putting your finger on it , but then you ca n't close the case ! So I have 2 quiet pumps , 2 not in use , and one that drives me crazy!The 20 is enough for 30 gallons , the 40 is enough for 60 gallons , and the 60 can drive 2 separate lines in a 60 gallon . These pumps are made sturdier than most , and I have n't had anything break on them.I 've tried all the brands , and the only ones close to quiet are Tetra and Marina -- sometimes . I 'm going to buy another Marina 100 , which will work for a few months , get noisy , and break . It 's really a shame that Tetra does n't tweak their design and make them all whisper .
 Works great ! Quality product , quiet , strong pump , very minimal vibration . nice sleek design . Worth the price , make sure you use a one way valve so that no water gets into the pump
 I use the item with air stones and the product works very well . I have two running in the same cabinet and they are relatively quiet . When the time comes I will be purchasing these again .
 I am very happy with the pump it just makes everything in my 39 gal tank that much better : -RRB- ummmm thats all
 I was more than satisfied with this product , it has been running flawlessly for about 6 months or so , I give this product the highest recommendation to anyone looking for an air pump .
 Pump arrived on time and in good shape . just in time as my old one quit 3 days later and i had to use this one a little sooner than expected , quietest damn pump I 've ever had , ca n't hear it at all even up close . air bubbles coming off bubble curtain are louder than the pump and I ca n't hear them unless right at the tank .
 replaced another that had run 24/7 for years in our pond . 2 ft deep and 10 ft diametertrouble free
 All I really have to say is that the item is quiet , that is what I wanted , and it does the job perfect . My old air pump was a vibrating piece of junk , and I paid 1/2 the price for this than my old one . I just ca n't believe how much I put up with that last one . I 'm not sure what makes this quiet , but the 4 leg design on this I think definitely helps . It just has 1 nozzle , but I guess this company makes other models . I 'm happy with mine , and it is very quiet . Now if I could just quiet down my a.c. unit as well .
 As with most air pumps , there is a little humming noise to be expected , and this whisper is n't the best in the crowd . But I placed it on a fabric place-mat and the hum toned down to an absolute minimum . I keep this in the living room and it does n't affect any audio . I have the hose split into three different stones in my 37gal tank and it works great . The noise is substantially louder when you turn it up , but for simple aeration , it works great .
 The sound of the pump is quieter than the sound of the filter . It is hardly a hum sound . However , it is not as strong as I would have expected for a 40 gallon capacity pump . It runs about the same as the 10 gallon capacity ones like it . I still am buying the pumps , however , to use with the filters for our aquariums .
 I currently have a 75 gallon tank with the Tetra 77855 Whisper Air Pump . I was absolutely stunned of how quiet this product is.I purchased 2 Tetra 77853 Whisper Air pumps for my 45 gallon breeder tank.Package came within 2 days -LRB- free shipping -RRB- and I 'm absolutely surprised how fast it shipped .
 Silent as can be and works great . Wish it came with some hose and a valve to start , but still good .
 This is a great air pump . I have used many types , and this stands out for the four legged design . Most air pumps have the entire bottom surface flat , which can cause movement and unwanted vibrational noises .
 Tetra Whisper Air Pump 40 Gal TankFor the money this is a good little air pump . Although I do have to say that after around the 4 month mark like everyone else giving a review here it got very noisy.Don ' t worry there is a fix ! Unscrew the 4 Philips head screws under the unit and separate the bottom and the top . You will find a stack of `` L '' shaped magnets . Move the stack a bit to the right and tighten the nut that holds the `` L '' shaped magnets in place . Put it back together and ta-da no more noise ! The Problem is that the little arm that holds the square shaped magnet is hitting the `` L '' shaped magnets with every pump . All you have to do is give it some space so it does n't hit the other stack of magnets . The nut might not have be tight enough when they built it or it rattled loose during normal use allowing the stack of magnets to slip a bit.All in all this is a pretty good pump . Just wish Tetra would pay closer attention to the little things .
 This Aquarium Air Pump is so Quiet I have my 29 gallon aquarium in my big master bedroom . I can only hear the bubbles from the air-stone ! I will use Whisper Air Pumps for both of my aquariums , because they are built really good and are Super Quiet ! I recommend these aquarium air pump for all Aquarium Owners !
 This pump is just what I was looking for.Quiet , stylish , and it has the power I needed.TYJeff Dann
 I 've used one of these pumps in my fishroom continiously , for 3 years without a breakdown . well made .
 I 've purchased 5 different Whisper pumps in the last year , from the 10 gallon size , up to the 60 . As a general rule , I love these pumps . They 've made it a long time and the factory installed diaphragm is still going strong , air is pumping , but the thing I like about the most is that they tend to be near silent.However , having said that , there are bad ones that make a loud low frequency hum . The first 40 I purchased was like this . At first I thought it might just be due to the size of the pump , but I purchased a second one to test , and the second 40 was nearly as quiet as my 10 , no low frequency hum . I took them apart , but could n't find any explanation as to why one is really loud and the other is n't . Two things I found : - Let the pump run for 24 hours . They do need to break themselves in , and the 2 noisy pumps I purchased did get quieter after running for a while , but never got as whisper quiet as the other pumps . - I found that if I increase back pressure on the pump -LRB- put your finger over the hole the air comes out of -RRB- , the quiet pumps remain quiet . However , the pumps that are running loud get even louder if you do this . So this might be a quick test if you think you got a bad pump . Out of my 3 quiet pumps , all 3 stay or get quieter when you increase back pressure . Of the two noisy pumps , both get even loud when you do the same . Could just be coincidence , but I do n't think so .
 We have a 50g show tank in the livingroom with the 60g pump hooked up to it . it is pumping 3 decorations and a large 12 inch air stone . Had to put in a 4 way valve to slow down the bubbles way to many ! it 's been running for about three months now working perfect and very silent so far , love it ! in our bedroom we have a 40g tank and the 40g pump hooked to it with a lighted air decoration it also works great runs quiet can hear the bubbles and the filter but not the pump . I 'm a light sleeper and if I heard the pump it would keep me awake glad it does n't . We are ready to set up another 40 g tank and will purchase another tetra air pump for it . Very happy with these products . I am very picky but ca n't complain about anything about these pumps so far .
 I 've had this pump for a year now running a long bubble wand in my 29 gallon aquarium . Works great and is very , very quite . Highly recommend .
 Seriousely , if you have an aquarium and you do n't want to hear the pump drone on for hours a day lulling you to sleep with it 's hypnotising pumping action noise I advise you get this . This baby is far quieter than most of the models I 've seen and it does a great job too !
 I am very happy with this peice it has kept it 's color and looks real enough . been in my tank for over 3 or 4 months and looks like new .
 My pup has had no issues with this product . His coat and skin are great . We live in Colorado in a very dry environment . At 8 weeks he was having some dry skin issues . By 11 weeks it was fixed . No issues since . Our groomer said that food is usually the # 1 issue for coat and skin issues . He has had none !
 This is a very nice sweater for the price . It fits perfect to size and is really cute on .
 All of my dogs love this product ! Its really easy to break into smaller pieces for them to train on . Would definitly buy this again .
 My extremely picky Lhasa luvs Happy Hips . Absolutely Pets had them for the best price recently , but ran out . Glad to find them here ... they are a winner .
 Dogswell Happy Hips , 15 oz . Lamb & rice , cost -LSB- ... -RSB- or more in a pet food store - that 's if you can find one which stocks it . My dog used to like Dogswell Breathies Chicken Breast , another good product at the same price but for no apparent reason , she changed to Happy Hips and now wo n't eat anything else for her treats . This price is the very best I have found and feel like a winner to be able to buy a 3 months supply for about -LSB- ... -RSB- including S&H . Dogswell treats do n't contain any fillers and do n't appear to be fattening - they 're just good meat and dogs love them .
 My dogs enjoy ALL products from Dogswell . Happy Hips Lamb and Rice is just one of their many offerings so my puppies get variety . I like to purchase them because they contain no hormones , antibiotics , fillers , byproducts , wheat , corn or soy . Fabulous choice for pets prone to allergies .
 I do not own a dog but my friends have dogs and they love Happs Hips Lamb & Rice . This was their christmas gift .
 awesome convenience , solid construction , easy install , good frame materials except for the weak screws ... ended up replacing them with my own .
 This lead worked the best for walking my dog in a city . I could stop and let her sniff the grass and shrubs and let the lead out as she went without worrying about her getting away . The cotton is easily held and I washed the lead a few times by hand when it got noticeably dirty .
 I could n't find a 10 foot lead anywhere but online . Even then , it was difficult to find one that was n't retractable . This lead came quickly and is absolutely perfect for taining my puppy . The quality is great and it seems durable but soft .
 For my beagle , this leash length works well for letting her explore during walks , but it is n't so long that I ca n't maintain good control . I considered a 15 foot leash , but am glad I went with the 10 foot length . The construction is solid . I have been using this leash daily for over a month now with no complaint . It gets dragged on the ground and through brambles , and has n't shown any signs of wear yet . I expect to get over a year of twice daily use out of it . If you have a dog that does n't have to explore EVERYTHING EVERYWHERE , the leash will last a long time .
 I love the 10 ft leash . It gives Sid a little extra roaming room and I do n't have to go into the bushes with him .
 I bought these because I wanted a way to have my dogs in the front yard without having to hold a leash or steak anything in the front yard . I bought one blue and one black . I looped one through the handle of the other so they are attached and put it around the tree in the front yard and they love it . With both leashes together they have enough room to run around the yard and play while I 'm doing yard work .
 My husband and I need long-lines when running Nose Work with our dogs . Our 20 ft lines that we use for distance training in other sports are just a bit too hard to handle in Nose Work , so I bought the 10 footers . They 're great quality , and nice colors !
 Very nice leash , ca n't beat the price . It 's pretty thin . . but strong . I recommend this to any dog owner . Dogs need some space from time to time .
 This leash is soft on your hands , but ... At first I loved this leash , but then my puppy chewed on it . She is n't a big chewer - this is the first thing she has ever damaged . The leash is so soft and easy to rip that I now have to get a new one .
 It is very difficult to find a 10 foot dog lead so I was happy to find one on Amazon . It 's a basic lead but that is what I wanted so it 's fine for me.I have a Welsh corgi . Corgyn are short dogs so naturally they walk under bushes . I once had the standard lead hook come open because a branch caught on the little lever that you pull back to release the clasp . This appears to be standard on all leads . I have remedied this by adding a second clasp . I 'd rate this 5 stars if it had a double clasp.Black is very boring but , at least when I ordered , that was what was available .
 I bought this for our K9 Nosework class . It works perfectly to give my dog the space she needs to search on a lead . At this length the tangles are manageable to remove . Cotton will give you a nasty rope burn , I only wish they had this in leather
 My , husband really likes walking the dog on this lead . It gives him freedom when he wants it . Would recommend it to anyone
 This product is very good . I have had it for one month and its still intact . It has not frayed or broke . Hopefully it wont ! My dog is very wily ! So I need a good strong lease and this lease does the job .
 Good experience with them and no problems at all . Just what I wanted for dog training and good price . Thanks .
 Great leash for the price . I did not pay any mind to the size od the actual latch on the leash but it is quite large for smaller breed dogs . Leash is durable and strong . Would buy again .
 6 ft web lead the most comfortable for the dog walker.Perfect lenth for control . This one is of high quality , and as far as I could find it was only available on Amazon
 This is a great lead for allowing your dog freedom and working on recall . It 's `` soft '' and although keeping it coiled without tangling when not is use is a challenge for me , it 's great to have for those times you need to have your dog on a leash , but there is plenty of room for them to roam and explore safely !
 Just the right length for our needs and hard to find in this area . Sturdy and secure . The hardware might be just a tad too heavy . But on the other hand , the hardware seems like it will be long lasting .
 The 20-foot lead let me , a single person , train my dogs to `` recall '' / come . I also use it to tie out my dogs when I 'm weeding or pruning the front yard . -LRB- I DO NOT condone tying out dogs except for short periods of time , during which they are under constant supervision - as when they are supervising their guardian do benign yard work in an unfenced area . -RRB-
 Es perfecta para paseos en los que el perro se puede alejar un poco mas sin soltarlo totalmente . El largo es ideal para esto y el material es muy suave y no lastima las manos .
 I have been keeping Cichlids for over thirty years now . Over those many years , I 've been feeding a variety of flake , pellet , frozen , live , and freeze-dried foods . I 've also managed to avoid the temptation to overcrowd my fish tanks , most of the time . My cleaning routine has been good enough to enable me to keep such exotics as the Pike Cichlids -LRB- Crenicichla -RRB- and the Compressed Cichlids -LRB- Compressiceps -RRB- healthy . Even so , despite my best efforst , I have had a few cichlids that have gotten the dreaded Hole-In-the-Head disease.I have sold most of my fish . I am now only keeping a pair of Hemichromis Elongatus , a male Blue Dempsey , and an Ornate Bichir . They are all in separate tanks . The Bichir is eleven years old . The cichlids are two year olds . I was looking for a fish food that would enhance the blue colors on the Dempsey . A fellow hobbyist on Aquacentral recommended New Life Spectrum . The Dempsey is now two years old . He looks magnificent and healthy . No signs of Hole-In-The-Head . All the other fish are also healthy . I would have to give part of the credit to New Life Spectrum . This is the primary food that I give this fish . I do feed frozen shrimp and beef heart occasionally . But for the most part , this is his steady diet.The male Jewel cichlid will not eat the NLS pellet . I ordered the small size pellet . This one is very , very particular . When I got this fish , it would only eat live foods . But , I have now been able to get it to accept Hikari 's Sinking Carnivore . And that is all it will accept . I may try the NLS Finicky Fish formula to see it he will accept that.The female Jewel and the Bichir both accept NLS . Their colors are bright and vivid , relative to their species . The Bichir will probably outlive me.In any case , I recommend this fish food . It is revolutionary in that it is the only food you will need for your fish . I believe that for most fish , like my Blue Dempsey , they can be maintained on a steady diet of this fish food . The inventor of NLS , Mr. Pablo Tepoot , is a well-known expert on Cichlids . He has published photo books on the Cichlids of Africa . He also owns a fish farm . I trust his expertise . I have corresponded with him , via his website , and talked about fish food . He has said that the Spirulina algae in the fish food is what will enhance the blue colors on my Dempsey . So far , the fish is very blue indeed.I bought the 1mm size pellet because my fish were small at the time . But , for any cichlid over 2 '' in total lenght , that may be too small . They will probably enjoy a larger pellet more . And the pellets do sink . If you have gravel in your tank , pick a larger pellet size to keep the food from sinking below the substrate .
 I 've been keeping Cichlids , Fancy Goldfish and Salt water for over 35 years - if I 've I 've learned anything it 's the more varied the diet the better . Spectrum has always produced a quality food rich in real fish protien , essential amino acids and fats and the size is just right.With the larger pellets your fish gobbles them up in anano second , the smaller pellets mean more &#34; fun time &#34; foraging for food and digging around the substrate . I supplement their diet with Zoo Meds Spurunila flakes and pellets which they go crazy for that 's another excellent food made here in the USA and free of preservatives , blanched veggies such as spinach , squash and shelled cooked peas -LRB- which are excellent for cleaning out the digestive tract of most any fish -RRB- . As a staple this is a well rounded food and the fish love it . I have a 12 &#34; Midas who goes bezerk when he sees the jar and a 9 &#34; Red Devil who sticks his head out of the water to gobble up the pellets . Spectrum like any quality food along with a well rounded diet will enhance colors naturally which is always the better way to go.A must have for any Cichlid lover !
 My Cichlid 's get the best food and with this they do.I like to mix this with the non sinking type . Mixing allows for the fish to not all have to fight for there food . By mixing I solved that.Some fish stay at the top eating while other 's see the food falling which allows them to go after that . This helps with all the fish not being so bunched up and makes my feeding easy.If you have this same problem , try mixing the two types and you will see the difference right away .
 I only have a single cichlid , but he has thrived on this particular food for the past year and half now -LRB- I 'm only just now ordering my next supply -RRB- . Like the reviewer above , the food rarely makes it to the bottom . My fish gobbles it up the moment I drop it in the tank - and it does sink rather fast . I 'm very happy with this product , and my cichlid has maintained his vibrant blue color since I have been feeding him this formula . Would highly recommend .
 All i can say is wow . my fish love this stuff . never makes is to the bottom . i also noticed brighter colors after about a week . Highly recommend .
 Got it for my sister 's doggie and it is the same one that she has looked and looked for in the stores .
 I bought this for our K9 Nosework class . It works perfectly to give my dog the space she needs to search on a lead . At this length the tangles are manageable to remove . Cotton will give you a nasty rope burn , I only wish they had this in leather
 My , husband really likes walking the dog on this lead . It gives him freedom when he wants it . Would recommend it to anyone
 This product is very good . I have had it for one month and its still intact . It has not frayed or broke . Hopefully it wont ! My dog is very wily ! So I need a good strong lease and this lease does the job .
 Good experience with them and no problems at all . Just what I wanted for dog training and good price . Thanks .
 Great leash for the price . I did not pay any mind to the size od the actual latch on the leash but it is quite large for smaller breed dogs . Leash is durable and strong . Would buy again .
 6 ft web lead the most comfortable for the dog walker.Perfect lenth for control . This one is of high quality , and as far as I could find it was only available on Amazon
 This is a great lead for allowing your dog freedom and working on recall . It 's `` soft '' and although keeping it coiled without tangling when not is use is a challenge for me , it 's great to have for those times you need to have your dog on a leash , but there is plenty of room for them to roam and explore safely !
 Just the right length for our needs and hard to find in this area . Sturdy and secure . The hardware might be just a tad too heavy . But on the other hand , the hardware seems like it will be long lasting .
 The 20-foot lead let me , a single person , train my dogs to `` recall '' / come . I also use it to tie out my dogs when I 'm weeding or pruning the front yard . -LRB- I DO NOT condone tying out dogs except for short periods of time , during which they are under constant supervision - as when they are supervising their guardian do benign yard work in an unfenced area . -RRB-
 Es perfecta para paseos en los que el perro se puede alejar un poco mas sin soltarlo totalmente . El largo es ideal para esto y el material es muy suave y no lastima las manos .
 This lead worked the best for walking my dog in a city . I could stop and let her sniff the grass and shrubs and let the lead out as she went without worrying about her getting away . The cotton is easily held and I washed the lead a few times by hand when it got noticeably dirty .
 I could n't find a 10 foot lead anywhere but online . Even then , it was difficult to find one that was n't retractable . This lead came quickly and is absolutely perfect for taining my puppy . The quality is great and it seems durable but soft .
 For my beagle , this leash length works well for letting her explore during walks , but it is n't so long that I ca n't maintain good control . I considered a 15 foot leash , but am glad I went with the 10 foot length . The construction is solid . I have been using this leash daily for over a month now with no complaint . It gets dragged on the ground and through brambles , and has n't shown any signs of wear yet . I expect to get over a year of twice daily use out of it . If you have a dog that does n't have to explore EVERYTHING EVERYWHERE , the leash will last a long time .
 I love the 10 ft leash . It gives Sid a little extra roaming room and I do n't have to go into the bushes with him .
 I bought these because I wanted a way to have my dogs in the front yard without having to hold a leash or steak anything in the front yard . I bought one blue and one black . I looped one through the handle of the other so they are attached and put it around the tree in the front yard and they love it . With both leashes together they have enough room to run around the yard and play while I 'm doing yard work .
 My husband and I need long-lines when running Nose Work with our dogs . Our 20 ft lines that we use for distance training in other sports are just a bit too hard to handle in Nose Work , so I bought the 10 footers . They 're great quality , and nice colors !
 Very nice leash , ca n't beat the price . It 's pretty thin . . but strong . I recommend this to any dog owner . Dogs need some space from time to time .
 This leash is soft on your hands , but ... At first I loved this leash , but then my puppy chewed on it . She is n't a big chewer - this is the first thing she has ever damaged . The leash is so soft and easy to rip that I now have to get a new one .
 It is very difficult to find a 10 foot dog lead so I was happy to find one on Amazon . It 's a basic lead but that is what I wanted so it 's fine for me.I have a Welsh corgi . Corgyn are short dogs so naturally they walk under bushes . I once had the standard lead hook come open because a branch caught on the little lever that you pull back to release the clasp . This appears to be standard on all leads . I have remedied this by adding a second clasp . I 'd rate this 5 stars if it had a double clasp.Black is very boring but , at least when I ordered , that was what was available .
 This lead worked the best for walking my dog in a city . I could stop and let her sniff the grass and shrubs and let the lead out as she went without worrying about her getting away . The cotton is easily held and I washed the lead a few times by hand when it got noticeably dirty .
 I could n't find a 10 foot lead anywhere but online . Even then , it was difficult to find one that was n't retractable . This lead came quickly and is absolutely perfect for taining my puppy . The quality is great and it seems durable but soft .
 For my beagle , this leash length works well for letting her explore during walks , but it is n't so long that I ca n't maintain good control . I considered a 15 foot leash , but am glad I went with the 10 foot length . The construction is solid . I have been using this leash daily for over a month now with no complaint . It gets dragged on the ground and through brambles , and has n't shown any signs of wear yet . I expect to get over a year of twice daily use out of it . If you have a dog that does n't have to explore EVERYTHING EVERYWHERE , the leash will last a long time .
 I love the 10 ft leash . It gives Sid a little extra roaming room and I do n't have to go into the bushes with him .
 I bought these because I wanted a way to have my dogs in the front yard without having to hold a leash or steak anything in the front yard . I bought one blue and one black . I looped one through the handle of the other so they are attached and put it around the tree in the front yard and they love it . With both leashes together they have enough room to run around the yard and play while I 'm doing yard work .
 My husband and I need long-lines when running Nose Work with our dogs . Our 20 ft lines that we use for distance training in other sports are just a bit too hard to handle in Nose Work , so I bought the 10 footers . They 're great quality , and nice colors !
 Very nice leash , ca n't beat the price . It 's pretty thin . . but strong . I recommend this to any dog owner . Dogs need some space from time to time .
 This leash is soft on your hands , but ... At first I loved this leash , but then my puppy chewed on it . She is n't a big chewer - this is the first thing she has ever damaged . The leash is so soft and easy to rip that I now have to get a new one .
 It is very difficult to find a 10 foot dog lead so I was happy to find one on Amazon . It 's a basic lead but that is what I wanted so it 's fine for me.I have a Welsh corgi . Corgyn are short dogs so naturally they walk under bushes . I once had the standard lead hook come open because a branch caught on the little lever that you pull back to release the clasp . This appears to be standard on all leads . I have remedied this by adding a second clasp . I 'd rate this 5 stars if it had a double clasp.Black is very boring but , at least when I ordered , that was what was available .
 I bought this for our K9 Nosework class . It works perfectly to give my dog the space she needs to search on a lead . At this length the tangles are manageable to remove . Cotton will give you a nasty rope burn , I only wish they had this in leather
 My , husband really likes walking the dog on this lead . It gives him freedom when he wants it . Would recommend it to anyone
 This product is very good . I have had it for one month and its still intact . It has not frayed or broke . Hopefully it wont ! My dog is very wily ! So I need a good strong lease and this lease does the job .
 Good experience with them and no problems at all . Just what I wanted for dog training and good price . Thanks .
 Great leash for the price . I did not pay any mind to the size od the actual latch on the leash but it is quite large for smaller breed dogs . Leash is durable and strong . Would buy again .
 6 ft web lead the most comfortable for the dog walker.Perfect lenth for control . This one is of high quality , and as far as I could find it was only available on Amazon
 This is a great lead for allowing your dog freedom and working on recall . It 's `` soft '' and although keeping it coiled without tangling when not is use is a challenge for me , it 's great to have for those times you need to have your dog on a leash , but there is plenty of room for them to roam and explore safely !
 Just the right length for our needs and hard to find in this area . Sturdy and secure . The hardware might be just a tad too heavy . But on the other hand , the hardware seems like it will be long lasting .
 The 20-foot lead let me , a single person , train my dogs to `` recall '' / come . I also use it to tie out my dogs when I 'm weeding or pruning the front yard . -LRB- I DO NOT condone tying out dogs except for short periods of time , during which they are under constant supervision - as when they are supervising their guardian do benign yard work in an unfenced area . -RRB-
 Es perfecta para paseos en los que el perro se puede alejar un poco mas sin soltarlo totalmente . El largo es ideal para esto y el material es muy suave y no lastima las manos .
 This is thin , soft , and lightweight rope.It is very soft and does unravel quickly compared to other rougher rope toys . However it is SO LIGHTWEIGHT that it 's GREAT FOR CATS because it 's easy for them to carry it around and play with it in ` cat ways . ' I think a dog would need to be puppy toy dog or something . Just chewing for chewing-sake -LRB- ` dog ways ' -RRB- would probably kill this toy too fast , but then dog teeth seem less sharp than cat teeth -LRB- which are scissor-like -RRB- - so I ca n't really offer dog advice.I undid the rope-loop from the orange rubber ring and double knotted two knots , so that the ring was stuck in the middle of a snake-like rope . The cats loved dragging the rope around and then stopping to have some chew time on the rubber ring . Eventually , the ring got so chewed , I was afraid it would break off , so I had to remove it . They still liked the rope for dragging and chewing . The rope lasted about 1 year until it got so unraveled I was afraid it was getting unsafe and I tossed it . -LRB- This was for 2 cats
 I bought this so I could have a toy the day I brought my new Boxer puppy home . I knew it would be small , and she would destroy it , but did n't want to get her anything larger since I did n't know how big she would be . The day we got her she was about 30 lbs , and looked so silly carrying this tiny rope around , but she loved it . It took her weeks to finally destroy it , she mostly carried it around like a security blanket everywhere she went -LRB- now her toys are 3-4 times this size and never last weeks , more like days ! -RRB- . A good toy if you know your pup wo n't tear it to shreds when they are little .
 I am very pleased with this dog stroller . It 's just as illustrated and described . Great , sand color with Jeep emblems on the wheels , handle , and pocket . Easy partial assembly ... only the wheels to attach . The fabric is durable and the seams appear well stitched . The zippers are large -LRB- less likely to break -RRB- and require fastening as you would a jacket zipper . The most shocking aspect was the ease with which I was able to fold it ! It only required one hand and it was ready to stow away . Now my old , blind , incontinent , grouchy , cuddly dog can ride when he gets too tired to walk . He and I are off to the local farmer 's market in the morning thanks to the little storage basket under his new `` Jeep '' .
 We take our little girl everywhere and it 's so nice to let her stretch out in a stoller . She loves it . This is a very well-made stroller , excellent quality , heavy zippers , good stitching , nothing is done `` cheaply '' . This has been such a life-saver for us and we use it constantly ! Oh , and I love that it 's not pink or bright red or some other equally embarassing color !!! One more thing , I read a previous review of a problem of tipping over with heavier dogs , and I found that locking the wheels -LRB- which can be done by flipping the switch with your foot -- very easy -RRB- will prevent this .
 I bought this for our K9 Nosework class . It works perfectly to give my dog the space she needs to search on a lead . At this length the tangles are manageable to remove . Cotton will give you a nasty rope burn , I only wish they had this in leather
 My , husband really likes walking the dog on this lead . It gives him freedom when he wants it . Would recommend it to anyone
 This product is very good . I have had it for one month and its still intact . It has not frayed or broke . Hopefully it wont ! My dog is very wily ! So I need a good strong lease and this lease does the job .
 Good experience with them and no problems at all . Just what I wanted for dog training and good price . Thanks .
 Great leash for the price . I did not pay any mind to the size od the actual latch on the leash but it is quite large for smaller breed dogs . Leash is durable and strong . Would buy again .
 6 ft web lead the most comfortable for the dog walker.Perfect lenth for control . This one is of high quality , and as far as I could find it was only available on Amazon
 This is a great lead for allowing your dog freedom and working on recall . It 's `` soft '' and although keeping it coiled without tangling when not is use is a challenge for me , it 's great to have for those times you need to have your dog on a leash , but there is plenty of room for them to roam and explore safely !
 Just the right length for our needs and hard to find in this area . Sturdy and secure . The hardware might be just a tad too heavy . But on the other hand , the hardware seems like it will be long lasting .
 The 20-foot lead let me , a single person , train my dogs to `` recall '' / come . I also use it to tie out my dogs when I 'm weeding or pruning the front yard . -LRB- I DO NOT condone tying out dogs except for short periods of time , during which they are under constant supervision - as when they are supervising their guardian do benign yard work in an unfenced area . -RRB-
 Es perfecta para paseos en los que el perro se puede alejar un poco mas sin soltarlo totalmente . El largo es ideal para esto y el material es muy suave y no lastima las manos .
 This lead worked the best for walking my dog in a city . I could stop and let her sniff the grass and shrubs and let the lead out as she went without worrying about her getting away . The cotton is easily held and I washed the lead a few times by hand when it got noticeably dirty .
 I could n't find a 10 foot lead anywhere but online . Even then , it was difficult to find one that was n't retractable . This lead came quickly and is absolutely perfect for taining my puppy . The quality is great and it seems durable but soft .
 For my beagle , this leash length works well for letting her explore during walks , but it is n't so long that I ca n't maintain good control . I considered a 15 foot leash , but am glad I went with the 10 foot length . The construction is solid . I have been using this leash daily for over a month now with no complaint . It gets dragged on the ground and through brambles , and has n't shown any signs of wear yet . I expect to get over a year of twice daily use out of it . If you have a dog that does n't have to explore EVERYTHING EVERYWHERE , the leash will last a long time .
 I love the 10 ft leash . It gives Sid a little extra roaming room and I do n't have to go into the bushes with him .
 I bought these because I wanted a way to have my dogs in the front yard without having to hold a leash or steak anything in the front yard . I bought one blue and one black . I looped one through the handle of the other so they are attached and put it around the tree in the front yard and they love it . With both leashes together they have enough room to run around the yard and play while I 'm doing yard work .
 My husband and I need long-lines when running Nose Work with our dogs . Our 20 ft lines that we use for distance training in other sports are just a bit too hard to handle in Nose Work , so I bought the 10 footers . They 're great quality , and nice colors !
 Very nice leash , ca n't beat the price . It 's pretty thin . . but strong . I recommend this to any dog owner . Dogs need some space from time to time .
 This leash is soft on your hands , but ... At first I loved this leash , but then my puppy chewed on it . She is n't a big chewer - this is the first thing she has ever damaged . The leash is so soft and easy to rip that I now have to get a new one .
 It is very difficult to find a 10 foot dog lead so I was happy to find one on Amazon . It 's a basic lead but that is what I wanted so it 's fine for me.I have a Welsh corgi . Corgyn are short dogs so naturally they walk under bushes . I once had the standard lead hook come open because a branch caught on the little lever that you pull back to release the clasp . This appears to be standard on all leads . I have remedied this by adding a second clasp . I 'd rate this 5 stars if it had a double clasp.Black is very boring but , at least when I ordered , that was what was available .
 Wonderful kibble especially for small breeds as the kibble is just their size . I have 2 bichons and they have been on Artemis for several years . I was unable to get the small breed adult formula so I temporarily opted for the puppy formula ; just a little higher in fat content . Just read the label and look at all the healthy ingredients . They thrive and do n't have many of the problems associated with bichons . I highly recommend trying this product .
 After getting over their initial suspicion of the new food treat , my cats wanted more , more , more ! I was even suspicious at first because the treats seemed awfully hard . But once in kitty 's mouth , the nibblet moistens a little and the cats just crunch away .
 I have a very playful Sheltie . She went through puppyhood with a mini version of `` Terrible Nasty Scaries Angry Kitty '' . This toy has lasted over a year and a half -LRB- we still have this unscathed toy and she still enjoys it -RRB- . We are hooked . We purchased the full size Dirty Rotten Kitty because she has now grown up . My dog can play tug-of-war and not rip limbs off . She can chew on it and it does n't wear out . Her teeth do not pierce into the strong canvas fabric and tear it . I also purchased the `` Postal Plaything '' because my husband is a mailman and I have a warped sense of humour . These Fat Cat Toys are virtually undestructible and my furkid and I love them !
 My two large labs have had this Fat Cat kitty for a year . They squeak it , leave it outside and play tug o war with it . After a year , I think I am hearing it rip for the first time . That is why I am ordering more of these toys . They wear like iron !
 Our two 50lbs dogs have had this stuffed kitty -LRB- affectionately known as ` Steve ' -RRB- for over 4 years now . Plush dog toys generally do n't last more than a couple of hours before one of them rips it open and pulls out the stuffing . Not with this toy . It has been a favorite since day one , especially for my female . Both dogs are rough with it , they chew on it and shake it violently ; it 's also the go-to tug toy in the house . We 've even machine washed it . It has been exceptionally durable , no holes , rips , or tears after 4 years ! We ca n't say enough about this line of toys and we now own several . They are great plush toys for those medium/larger dogs .
 Our dog Dolly aka `` Shredder '' loves her dirty rotten kitty ... her owners love to read the product tag on dirty rotten kitty.and ALL the doggy Hoot toys . . what a. . . ahhh ... HOOT ! It is holding up well !!!
 These are the best toys ! My dogs love to toss , chew on and fetch these durable toys .
 My pups love these tough toys , it holds up longer than most . This is a favorite .
 I bought this for our K9 Nosework class . It works perfectly to give my dog the space she needs to search on a lead . At this length the tangles are manageable to remove . Cotton will give you a nasty rope burn , I only wish they had this in leather
 My , husband really likes walking the dog on this lead . It gives him freedom when he wants it . Would recommend it to anyone
 This product is very good . I have had it for one month and its still intact . It has not frayed or broke . Hopefully it wont ! My dog is very wily ! So I need a good strong lease and this lease does the job .
 Good experience with them and no problems at all . Just what I wanted for dog training and good price . Thanks .
 Great leash for the price . I did not pay any mind to the size od the actual latch on the leash but it is quite large for smaller breed dogs . Leash is durable and strong . Would buy again .
 6 ft web lead the most comfortable for the dog walker.Perfect lenth for control . This one is of high quality , and as far as I could find it was only available on Amazon
 This is a great lead for allowing your dog freedom and working on recall . It 's `` soft '' and although keeping it coiled without tangling when not is use is a challenge for me , it 's great to have for those times you need to have your dog on a leash , but there is plenty of room for them to roam and explore safely !
 Just the right length for our needs and hard to find in this area . Sturdy and secure . The hardware might be just a tad too heavy . But on the other hand , the hardware seems like it will be long lasting .
 The 20-foot lead let me , a single person , train my dogs to `` recall '' / come . I also use it to tie out my dogs when I 'm weeding or pruning the front yard . -LRB- I DO NOT condone tying out dogs except for short periods of time , during which they are under constant supervision - as when they are supervising their guardian do benign yard work in an unfenced area . -RRB-
 Es perfecta para paseos en los que el perro se puede alejar un poco mas sin soltarlo totalmente . El largo es ideal para esto y el material es muy suave y no lastima las manos .
 This lead worked the best for walking my dog in a city . I could stop and let her sniff the grass and shrubs and let the lead out as she went without worrying about her getting away . The cotton is easily held and I washed the lead a few times by hand when it got noticeably dirty .
 I could n't find a 10 foot lead anywhere but online . Even then , it was difficult to find one that was n't retractable . This lead came quickly and is absolutely perfect for taining my puppy . The quality is great and it seems durable but soft .
 For my beagle , this leash length works well for letting her explore during walks , but it is n't so long that I ca n't maintain good control . I considered a 15 foot leash , but am glad I went with the 10 foot length . The construction is solid . I have been using this leash daily for over a month now with no complaint . It gets dragged on the ground and through brambles , and has n't shown any signs of wear yet . I expect to get over a year of twice daily use out of it . If you have a dog that does n't have to explore EVERYTHING EVERYWHERE , the leash will last a long time .
 I love the 10 ft leash . It gives Sid a little extra roaming room and I do n't have to go into the bushes with him .
 I bought these because I wanted a way to have my dogs in the front yard without having to hold a leash or steak anything in the front yard . I bought one blue and one black . I looped one through the handle of the other so they are attached and put it around the tree in the front yard and they love it . With both leashes together they have enough room to run around the yard and play while I 'm doing yard work .
 My husband and I need long-lines when running Nose Work with our dogs . Our 20 ft lines that we use for distance training in other sports are just a bit too hard to handle in Nose Work , so I bought the 10 footers . They 're great quality , and nice colors !
 Very nice leash , ca n't beat the price . It 's pretty thin . . but strong . I recommend this to any dog owner . Dogs need some space from time to time .
 This leash is soft on your hands , but ... At first I loved this leash , but then my puppy chewed on it . She is n't a big chewer - this is the first thing she has ever damaged . The leash is so soft and easy to rip that I now have to get a new one .
 It is very difficult to find a 10 foot dog lead so I was happy to find one on Amazon . It 's a basic lead but that is what I wanted so it 's fine for me.I have a Welsh corgi . Corgyn are short dogs so naturally they walk under bushes . I once had the standard lead hook come open because a branch caught on the little lever that you pull back to release the clasp . This appears to be standard on all leads . I have remedied this by adding a second clasp . I 'd rate this 5 stars if it had a double clasp.Black is very boring but , at least when I ordered , that was what was available .
 Since she 's a treat-oriented dog it 's nice to find a healthy product that 's also -LRB- apparently -RRB- delicious !
 Our Corgi is susceptible to ` Mucky Butt ' if not fed relatively bland dog food and treats.AvoDerm is one brand that our Corgi can eat without problems . The AvoDerm Natural Kookies Oven-Baked Healthy Treats have never been a problem and they are eagerly accepted as a reward for good performance .
 I had an overweight Westie mix for years . I decided to start counting his calories ! I found that these have the lowest calories and a good amount of protein and other nutrients . I started feeding him 1/4 cup twice a day . He is a 14 yo and used to suffer from arthritis . He now has a waistline and runs as fast as my 4 yo silky . I really am pleased with this brand.Also , I bought this from Wag on Amazon . The bag came with small holes along both sides . These were most likely from some machine . Wag quickly replaced the item and recommended that I discard the damaged one . How awesome is that . Not only did they replace the item , but I felt confident that they would not just ship the bag to someone else , damaged and all !! Great company !
 I love Artemis food too . I know how good it is for my two yorkies . . The quality is far higher than other products.Amazon came through for our dogs and us .
 I purchase a muzzle for my rat terrier but it was to big , I sent a email to the company who was very nice about me returning it for a smaller size which I did and they sent back the right size without any problem . The new muzzle work great and I 'm very happy with my purchase .
 This carrier works well for a dog/cat under 10lbs . It has mesh walls on 3 sides and the top and front unzip for better air circulation on long plane rides . We travel frequently with our dog and this carrier is quite durable . Although I have looked around for other possibly better carriers I have not found any as good as this one .
 Just bought second one for second cat . They both sleep in them all the time , and they are perfect for the plane .
 Fast shipping and item as described . Product works well with pets kept indoors . Need a few together for maximum protection .
 I use these wee-wee pads for my 3 dogs and am very pleased with them . Nothing ever soaks through and the compact packaging is very convenient . Highly recommended .
 I purchased these last year and am going to buy another box . I have an older toy dog with kidney problems . She can not hold her water for very long . She needs papers to go on overnight . I 've tried the pads that are half this size and thicker -LRB- suitable for baby pads -RRB- because I thought those would mean less waste . However , I find this larger size just works better for me . My dog can go on each large pad more than once . With the smaller ones I hadto put down 3 of them and had leakage where the blue edges overlapped.Granted these pads ' absorbent part is pretty thin compared to some others . However , I use a very large , plastic , dog-crate tray -LRB- also purchased economically online -RRB- on the floor and place these pads inside that . I used to use newspaper and that is obviously the most economical . However , those are not absorbent at all and meant my dog ended up with wet feet that tracked urine off the tray . And there was always a lot of cleanup.These do absorb the spread of the urine enough for my purposes and I 've never had any leakage thru the blue backing . Any dog larger than a toy might need a more absorbent product . I would n't recommend these for people use , since the urine output would probably exceed the absorbency capabilities of this pad.As for comparative price ? Even with the cost of shipping , these come out to .19 per pad compared to up to .35 for the more absorbent Chux brand . Again , value here depends upon how it works for the individual buyer 's needs.I would prefer not to have the large , waterproof edges these have , but until someone comes out with a better product for the price -LRB- and I always check around first -RRB- , this is the one I 'll stay with .
 Buy these pad 's ! There are very good for doggies . Shipper is very fast you wo n't be disappointedCynthia
 This is a great , well made leash . The length has been ideal for me -LRB- and very hard to find -RRB- . It 's long enough that I do n't feel like I 'm going to land on my dog if I trip during a hike , but short enough that I can easily wind it up and keep her close when necessary.My only complaint is the clip is oddly large and heavier than most I 've seen . It seems to smack her while we 're running a more than normal and I would n't recommend this for a dog much under 30lbs .
 Wonderful product . I have tiel 's and soon to have a senegal , all will have at least one of there in the cage .
 This is very simple to install and uninstall in the car . It 's sturdy , but folds up small . My dog clips into the seat easily by his harness so he ca n't jump out . No complaints whatsoever !
 Love this product my yorkie looks so adorable in it . Instead of crying in the backseat he can now look out the window while were traveling and hes very happy .
 This is an absolutely must have for anyone who has a small dog and travels a lot . My yorkie has anxiety when it comes to riding in the car and usually ends up blocking my view while driving because she wants to see . This allows us to both be safe . She also fell asleep in it -LRB- she never sleeps in vehicles -RRB- i would recommend this product
 I have one of these for my Yorkie who usually likes to ride in my purse which is not so covenient for me . She LOVES this car seat so much . I put her favorite blanket in it and she just lays down now and enjoys the ride . She loves it so much that I just ordered one for my daughters little Chihuahua who thinks he absolutely has to see where he is going . We put a high cushion in her car so he could see out the window on the passenger side and he loved it but we wanted something safer that he would n't fall off of in case of sudden stops or sharp turns . He usually tries to sit in the drivers lap and look out the window which makes driving difficult and dangeous . I 'm sure this will be perfect for him . I had him for a day and he and my Yorkie both fit in mine and loved the view from the doggie car seat . It 's a great product and you ca n't beat the price compared to other ones on the market .
 My 6 pound yorkie absolutely loves this car seat . I call it her skybox . She can see out the window which she absolutely loves . Since she is so small , I feel better knowing she is contained and has her own safe place . When I put her in it she sits right down and willingly stays . On long car rides , she settles right into it and usually sleeps . There is plenty of room for her to comfortably lay down . When sitting up , she can see perfectly out the window.The only problem I have is with securing it ... I take it out to use in our other car and when I go to put it back in my car , I forget how to put the straps on the seat again . Have solved that problem now , I have printed out the picture shown on the ordering page and put it under the seat insert so I can just take a quick look and get it put back right every time.I can not say enough good things about this car seat . HIGHLY RECOMMENDED !
 Little PeeWee loves sitting in her seat and checking out the world around her . Glad she 's not stuck on the seat anymore and ca n't even look out the window because she 's too short . She even sleeps in it . -LRB- People think I 've lost it , except dog lovers , of course -RRB-
 An absolute must for anyone who travels by auto with a small dog . My best friend has a great view from his safe and secure seat . Takes all of 5 seconds to install and remove . High quality and works great .
 Great kennel . Easy to put together and it came in good time . I 'm very happy with this product . It probably sounds a little silly , but I especially like the pet dishes that attach to the door so that my dog can spend the day comfortably in his kennel while I 'm at work and I do n't have to worry about him getting into the garbage can etc. .
 I bought this as my Aussie mix was growing . However , when I bought a second kennel , the large was out of stock at Petco , so we ended up with two Intermediates . I wish I had held out because she 's about 40 lbs now and it 's starting to look cramped in there if I put in any creature comforts like blankets or toys .
 My chinchilla loves this cage , I find it adorable and so easy to set up ! I like the price , too . This is a must have for any small pet .
 THIS IS A GREAT CAGE FOR ADULT CHINCHILLAS . FOR BABIES THE BARS WOULD HAVE TO BE A HALF INCH APART ... BUT THE SET-UP GIVES THEM SOMETHING TO DO AND THE BOTTOM IS ABOUT 4 INCHES DEEP ... WHICH CANT BE FOUND IN SIMILAR CAGES .
 I decided it was time to upgrade my chinchillas cage and I made a great choice . I would n't recommend this cage if you have a chinchilla who likes to chew on plastic , luckily mine does n't . I ended up taking the green ladder , slide , and tunnel off since he never seemed to use them probably because he lives to jump . After adding ledges , hideouts , and toys this cage became his new favorite home . Highly recommended , it 's very roomy for my little guy !
 I have 5 chinchillas , currently have 2 in this cage and they use everything including the slide . I am getting a second one since i just adopted 2 more chinchillas and the cage they came in is less than 1/2 the size of this cage : -RRB-
 This is a really great cage . I have a chinchilla that loves it . Set up was fast and easy and holds together great . Prefect size all the way around . This is a most have cage for your pets and the price was just right .
 This cage was perfect for my two rats . It has plenty of room , and you can rearrange the levels any way you want . It 's cleaned easily , and the three doors let you pick up your rat from any place of the cage . This is a wonderful price for such a big space .
 I got this for my Chinchilla . I would definitely give it a positive rating . He really seems to like it and it gives him the space he needs to jump around and lots of places to hide . The slide that came with the cage was obviously meant for ferrets , so I just took it out , but he likes to pop his head through the holes where the slide would be.The cage is not easy to clean , however . You have to pretty much completely disassemble it to empty out the bottom tray and clean the ledges properly . Other than that , though , I definitely recommend it .
 i like the cage . itsdefinitely not a sugar glider cage ora ferret cage . butit can be altered for gliders just by purchasing some hardware cloth and zip ties from the local home depot or lowes . i think it costed me 30 bucks . but no big deal . a lot bigger in person but plenty of room for my sugar gliders to jump around and be happy in . although upon opening the box a small piece of the wiring of the cage had broken but the hardware cloth and zip ties took care of that ! overall pretty good cage size wise and looks really cool after you put it together . very easy and quick set up .
 This cage is cheap , but for my three ferrets , it has lasted . Yes , the levels do bow after extended use , but we have had this cage for almost two years and it works . Though my fererts rarely use the slide or tunnel , they still enjoy it . You can move the levels to wherever you like and it 's pretty easy to put together . It is very roomy.Cleaning could be easier , but we manage . I would say if you 're on a tight budget , this is the perfect cage .
 I have 5 rats and they all love their new cage ! The bar spacing is approximately 1 inch , so my smallest one can still fit through . This can be fixed by attaching pvc coated hard cloth available at most hardware stores . For those like me who want to know the exact dimensions of the cage , here they are
 This is my first pet ferret so I have not shopped for one before . For the price it is a good deal . Package was not very big , it is easy to assemble , most parts are pretty sturdy , and we like the fact that we can move it around , and lift it up and out to clean the bottom area . It is roomy for one pet ferret , but two would be crowded . The only parts that are a little flimsy are the doors . We would have liked them to be stronger because our four family members love spending time with our pet so we have made the doors loose and warped from constantly opening and closing .
 I know how hard it is to make that final purchase when you are shopping around but this was definitely a smart buy !! The Super Pet My First Home Deluxe Multi-Level Pet Home with Stand is huge - We have two female rats living in the cage and there is more than enough room . I was shocked at how big this thing really is ! The wires are close enough that our young females can not squeeze through and the multi levels in the cage have our little boogers running up and down and all around all night ! Neither has chewed through the accessories and both have no trouble running from to the bottom .
 I have two issues with this product ... putting the `` slide '' together was a little tough because it came in 4 pieces and they lock in place . If you put it together ... say backwards ... the little pieces break off if you try to pull it apart.My other issue was the doors ... there are 3 one on the lower level front , one on the upper level front and a large door on the top that folds in half and is supported by 3 `` clasps '' that click into the cage . I have n't gotten the ferrets yet , but they are smart animals and can escape easily from these types of doors so you will have to get small carribiners or something like that to secure them closed ... even then they can push out of the middle part of the top door.Overall , a good cage .
 Muy buen producto , estoy satisfecho con la compra y lo recomiendo . Buen envio y rapido vale lo que compre gracias
 alot bigger than you think it would be , but its absolutely perfect for my 2 adult rats :D and they have never chewed and stuff so the plastic is fine . They love it ! arrived surprisingly quick too ! Thanks ! : D
 I have three Fancy Rats and they absolutely love this home . Even when I open the three doors they climb up and down the side and run around on the top . There is tons of room and the rats often sprint from level to level . I find it easy to clean but another family member with shorter arms found it a little more difficult . I also like that it has wheels so I can easily move it from room to room or to vacuum under it . Warning if you have small rats , they will be able to squeeze through some of the larger bars . I 'm not sure how old my rats are but I choose larger rats because I read the smaller ones could get through the bars . Well I accidently put a small bend a bar and one of my rats could squeeze through until I bent it back so I can imagine very young rats could get through unbent bars if they were determined enough . My only complaint about this product was it was hard to set up initially . Would recomend this to anyone unless they have really small rats .
 I bought this cage for my 3 rats . The bar spacing is n't the best for rats , but we just wrapped the whole thing with wire that has smaller spaces between the bars . It was kind of a pain to do but we expected it based on the other reviews . My rats are about 5 inches long -LRB- not including tails -RRB- and they were able to escape so it is n't just the smallest ones that can get out.My husband assembled it by himself in about 30 minutes and he said it was n't bad.The slide it comes with is n't really a slide because it has raised lines to give the animals some traction when they go up . This is perfect for my rats but may not be good if someone is wanting an actual slide.The only real negatives are the hammock and cleaning . The hammock was nice to get with the cage , but the straps themselves are not the best . My rats chewed through them very , very quickly . I just used flexible wire to reattach it and it works great . The rats love laying in it.The plastic trays -LRB- or `` levels '' -RRB- are a bit hard to clean because they have a recessed edge and it seems like the rats love to go to the bathroom in that part of each level . It would be much easier to clean if they were completely flat from edge to edge.All in all , this is a great cage for rats if you do n't mind spending the time wrapping it with more wire . It has plenty of space for 3 rats , but I do n't know that I would use it for more than 1 ferret .
 I just got this cage today for my rats ! I have two females , and from reading the reviews I was afraid they would slip through the bars . Thankfully , they did not . This cage is way bigger than I had expected , which is great . Their is more than enough room for them to run and play together . While this cage was a great price for the size , the quality does seem a bit poor . The ramps and tunnels are a very flimsy when my rats walk on them . I have yet to clean the cage , but I can see that it might be a little bit of an annoyance . The wire panels are very tall and I can just imagine that it wo n't be very easy to take it off to clean the cage as much as I will need to . Other than that , I love the cage so far . Great price and a great size ! I would recommend this to anyone with rats .
 I love the cage , just got it today . I needed to upgrade to a larger size for my 6 boy rats . Their current cage is big enough , but the maximum is 6 for that cage , so I wanted to go up a little bigger so they had more room . It looks great , was easy to assemble . The only problem is that one of the wheels/casters came broken . So I emailed super pets and amazon for a replacement . I hope I receive word soon . I would not recommend this cage for a ferret or ferrets . Maybe a baby ferret as a temporary cage . Great for rats though , even our smallest girl -LRB- just for a test we do n't actually keep boys and girls together -RRB- can not fit through the bars . So we are confident of no escapes . I do think this is a great cage for rats !
 My rats have loved this cage ! I wanted something big enough for a few rats , and this ferret cage is what I decided on . You can move around the levels to change it up every once in a while . I 've had 3 rats -LRB- I only have 2 now . One passed away not too long ago -RRB- , and this has been a great cage with lots of room for them to run and play in . Well worth the 80ish bucks I paid for it a year and a half ago . Getting another rat or 2 for company , because one of mine is older -LRB- almost 3 years now -RRB- , and I do n't want to leave the baby alone without a friend . This cage can comfortably hold 4 rats easily . Maybe even 5 or 6 ! I 've added many hammocks and stuff , and have ditched the ladder and swirly slide . I have the tube zip tied to the top of the cage right now , and they love climbing in it and looking around from the perch . All in all , this was a great buy , and I would do it again but seeing as though it has held up really well so far , I do n't think I will have to . Thank you Super Pet , for making a great product at a low price for what you get !
 We had been searching for a larger cage for our two ratties since December . We read so many reviews about different cages , they all started to meld together . Despite some of the negative reviews for this one , we decided to give it a try anyway . We could n't be more pleased , however , there are some negative points to address first .1 . It is not easy to assemble and you do need tools to put it together . The ad said no tools required , however you do need a Phillips to attach the wheels and you should keep a pair of needle nosed pliers on hand in order to adjust hooks as needed . Some needed to be opened up slightly and all needed to be closed tighter .2 . Adjusting shelves was difficult but not impossible . A bit frustrating , but it was n't horrible .3 . The most frustrating part was putting the slide and tube together . Not easy , but we eventually figured it out .4 . It 's not a negative for us since our girls are larger and older , but the spacing between the bars is not suitable for smaller ratties . Babies would have no problem slipping out between the bars , but once they are mid-sized or larger , you should have no problem .5 . It 's a bit difficult to clean . You do have three doors that helps make it easier , but you need long arms to reach the backs of the shelves . So unless you completely take it apart , you might want to use some type of cleaning wand to reach.Now for the good part .1 . Despite the difficulty in assembly , it still was n't so difficult that it could n't be done . Take your time , have two people working on it and you should have it fully assembled within a half hour .2 . LARGE ! Oh my . You could easily put in four ratties and still have plenty of room for them to run around a play . Our girls love it ! 3 . We bought an extra hammock and toys for the cage . What I really like is that we can easily rearrange everything each time we clean , giving them a `` new '' play area.Yes , some of the negatives seem to outweigh the positives , but really , the difficulties were a one time thing and not all that problematic . And when you look at the fact that you are saving almost half on the cost ... This is a wonderful cage to have .
 Honestly , this cage is too small for ferrets BUT it makes a great rat cage!The only thing about it is that the bar spacings of the cage are pretty far apart and little/baby rats can squeeze through them if they want . I have two rats , both boys , who are about 5-6 weeks old and they definitely can get through the bars . However , they love the cage so much that they LIKE being in it ... so I do n't worry too much about them escaping because they do n't seem to want to . They love running up and down the slide and this cage will be PERFECT when they 're older and bigger.I added a wheel , a blankie , and some more rat chew toys and etc and there 's still plenty of room for them . I have n't changed the bedding for a week and it has n't smelled at all ! Great ventilation -LRB- though I 'm sure I eventually will need to ! -RRB- Highly recommend :-RRB- But just take into the consideration of how big/small your rats are .
 This cage is the perfect space for my 5 ratties . We bought a female from a pet shop because they said she was impossible to handle . She had no food or water , and blood all over her where they had put a male in with her and she killed him . Yes , she was a mean little thing , but really ... no water ?? She was starved and mistreated and I could n't help myself , I had to take her home.Turns out she was pregnant , and my Paulanka is the sweetest , most loving rat anyone would want , we decided to keep all the girls and bought the rat palace to give mom and 4 girls plenty of room . We zip tied grid wire around our palace to keep the young ones in . 9 months later we are still very happy with their home , plenty of space , climbing and play areas for them all , but they still all gang up to sleep in a hut at the top of the cage . If you need to put gridwire on for smaller pets , be sure to leave ALL your doors operational for easy cleaning , or you will need to be a contortionist to clean all the levels.They love to run through hanging tunnels from level to level . I keep a chewable hut , water and litter pan on the bottom , food in the middle and soft sleepy hut on top -LRB- saftey pinned to the cage so they ca n't push it off -RRB- I was really worried at first about them falling from the top , so I put a hammock and hanging tunnels across the open spaces , glad I did because we have had a few falls and they can catch themselves before they fall too far . I am wondering how safe it will be as they get older/weaker/slower at 2-4 years old , but for now our rat palace is perfect.The shelves and ladder are holding up better than I thought from the reviews , considering I have 5 fat , active rats , but I do n't try to move them around . I put the shelves in when we put it together and I left them alone other than wiping them off every day or two . I 'm VERY happy with the purchase .
 When I first brought my furry friend home and placed the youngin in this cage , I was terrified for a good couple hours . I cringed as she scurried around , falling clumsily off of the top level and plummeting to the bottom . She did n't seem to know how to go up and down the ramps , tubes , and slide , and she certainly did n't know how not to walk off the edge of the platform . I was tempted to pack the whole thing up and return it to the store in worries that she was going to break her neck.But do n't let this initial chaos worry you too much -LRB- as it did me -RRB- . Within the day , she had learned many an important lesson about gravity and also how to navigate the various tubes and not walk off the edge of platforms . I would argue that these are important life lessons.As it is , I love the set up because it allows me to keep the various aspects of life organized . She has one level with a litter pan , another with bedding , another with food , another with toys . It keep her moving around to go to the different places -LRB- no ferret obesity here ! -RRB- . My one concern is that I assume she will sort of grow out of it eventually , as far as the tubes and hole sizes , and the size of the platforms . I know for a fact the twisty slide will not fit her when she gets bigger , it ; s rather shaky as it is.Overall , I would recommend this product as the first home of any little fuzzy . : -RRB-
 The price is low and the cage supplies not only the levels and ramp , but a sleep hammock and a wheel base -LRB- optional usage -RRB- for easy moving . The cage has three doors for easy accesibility . The deep pan proects ferret feet from the constant exposure to wire and provides good stability.Ferrets can have `` low vision '' and may be appear cautious and/or clumsy with the differing slides and ramp . My ferret -LRB- Rascal -RRB- adjusted well with the encourage of treats and toys . Now Rascal rules the roost . he is fully grown and the size is perfect for him . I did add another hammock on the bottom level.Overall , this is a good , efficient , and inexpensive cage for a ferret .
 If you are looking for a large cage for rats , this is really a great item . Our rats are able to get a lot of excersise and they love the levels . Pretty easy to clean as the shelves can be wiped down or taken out for washing quite easily . There is no slide out bottom so you have to scoop the shavings out . That 's not really a bid deal though , especially if you do it often enough . I would highly recommend this for anyone keeping rats as pets .
 Our three rats live very comfortably in this cage . It 's fairly easy to clean and the multiple doors make access convenient . We got our rats when they were babies , so we had to wait a couple of months for them to be big enough not to be able to escape . Overall , excellent cage for full-grown rats .
 I purchased this cage from Amazon on Feb. 18 and it arrived Feb. 22 . I 've heard various complaints from different sites selling this cage that it barely has room for one farret . I do n't find that to be true , I have two female ferrets and they have plenty of room to romp and play . Granted my ferrets are girls and not over-weight or large but they are two years old and young adults . Right now they are busy exploring , trying to find weaknesses in the structure so they can escape . Which is the first thing they did in their old cage . But they have plenty of room to play and it 's much larger then their old cage which only had two levels instead of four -LRB- counting the bottom -RRB- . The down side , if you 're putting the cage together , by yourself , then it is a pain in the neck . Especially if you happen to put in the tray wrong and have to re-arrange it , as I did . The hammock that comes with it is kinda cheap , not cloth but some kind of plastic material it feel like . I do n't see how they can escape after assembly , however my girls figured out how to open cage doors so locking them is a must anyway . As for escaping the structure bottom or slipping through the bars as I have read on other pet product sites , it seems a little impossible . Though my ferrets do n't chew so I do n't have to worry about them chewing through the plastic bottom . As I mentioned , the only thing cheap about the cage is the hammock.Overall , I 'm pleased with the cage . Gave it four stars because it 's not as easy to assemble by yourself and can be a little frustrating . It is big enough for more then one ferret as long as they 're not over-sized . And the price is nice . And it also comes with a bag of bedding to line the bottom of your cage with .
 So far so good , my ferret must not be as fat as everyone elses because my ferret does n't snap off any slides or anything
 It is big enough for them to chase each other around in , and I have n't had any issues with my girls escaping at all . The base is deep enough that they ca n't kick too much litter out . The base and all three levels are solid plastic and easy to wipe clean . The wire cage is coated with two large openings on the front and a very large opening at the top . The base has catches all along each side so that the wire frame never slips off or tips.I will admit that the round-about slide is incredibly flimsy and once my rats were big enough to climb the levels without it , I took it out . They have n't missed it , and I find it easier to space the levels without it anyway . Also , the hammock was a big hit with my rats until they chewed through the ties holding it up ! Cleaning day means popping the entire cage off of the base and that takes a bit of practice until you get the hang of it.All in all , however , it has been a great investment . There is enough room for me to fit a shoe-box-house on one level , a wood cave on the second , and a running wheel on the third as well as the odds and ends of a food bowl , water bottle , and various hanging toys ! I wanted space for my two rats and I got it!Update
 Before purchasing this cage I read several of the other reviews before just to get an idea . With so many positive and negative reviews I decided to test it myself . The cage was to home two rats , one large rat and a younger rat at about a medium size . I chose this cage because of the plastic platforms , I did not want to risk my rats getting bumble foot . I read that some peoples rats would chew the plastic but mine have no interest on chewing it since they have several other things to chew on . The first problem I thought to occur was the width of the bars , so far they do n't seem like the can get through without some difficulty . One great thing is the overall size , for myself its just the perfect size , not extremely big and no where near small . The set up itself was very simple but with some minor malfunctions . For example when connecting the wire of the cage the hooks to connect on to the links were either closed down and I had to pry it open or to wide and had to be pried down , just for extra security after it was up I used pliers to secure the hooks and links . Another minor conflict was with the accessories for the animal to reach the next platform without climbing the cage , the tunnel would n't completely snap together at the ends so I used the rubber band on it to secure the part that connects to the platform and the entrance had a piece that went around it so it worked out , the slide was hard to connect and felt like I was going to break the pieces that securely connected them and the way the ladder was supposed to connect would not work using the `` Top '' side , so it is on the reverse side . Connecting the platforms in the cage was a pain because of how big they are and the parts that secure them would stop it when I would try to raise it up to the instructions bar raise level . Setting it up could have been frustrating if I jumped in with no instructions or if I was in a rush , however I took my time to make it right so it was not that much of a hassle and stressful . I also will add that the provided hammock was very ... cheap , but I planned on buying a nice and cute one later anyway . Overall , a very nice sized and decent quality cage for its price . I would recommend this cage to someone who wants a nice sized cage with basic quality construction with a reasonable price .
 I got this cage for three of my five rats . The cage is huge . I have another three story cage and this one is 2 times its height . Some things that i really do n't like about this cage is the holes for the ladder and the thing on the bottom are pretty small and my bigger rat refuses to down both of them . Also the hammock is n't soft or anything so my rats hate it as well . They are scared of even touching it . I think if this cage came with a food dish it would be better . On the top self theres just a hole there so it would be perfect for a food dish . I have another cage that came with a food dish so that fits in this one so it works out for me.Overall its a great cage , i bought it on ebay and got it for only $ 54 so that 's an amazing deal i got .
 I bought this cage , I thought it would be good for my two ratties to have a little penthouse . Within a week , Alice escaped . Daisy has n't figured it out , or she just likes her house . The next week , she escaped again , after I triple checked all latches . I am not sure how she is getting out , but I would recommend this cage for larger rats . I may have to buy another cage for them , which is an expense I ca n't really afford right now , but it 's too dangerous for Alice to be getting out and about.Careful with the instructions , and make sure you have lots of room to assemble . They destroyed the hammock within a week , and some food dish inserts on one of the levels would have been helpful .
 bought this for our two new ferrets . It is nice and works well . I think they have an good amount of room . The wire is a bit thin and the latches are kinda annoying . I would say that if you have a large dog that you may not trust at home -LRB- like me -RRB- you may be a bit nervous about the weight of he cage and the strength of the wire to protect your animals . If you have no big dog then you will be great with this cage .
 When I bought the cage , I was n't expecting it to be that large so it was a little surprising in that aspect because if you got this size of a cage in a pet store , you are looking at $ 150 at least . Dimensions do n't really mean a lot to me so if you are like me , word to the wise , get out the measuring tape . For pricing , it is a really reasonable price for what you are getting . I have had no problems . It really is n't that hard to clean . I used the cage for my three rats which has been great . My rats really do n't use the levels as a bathroom so I do n't have to spend a lot of time cleaning the levels . It is perfect for them . Although , I did not heed the advice of another review when it said to not put your baby rats in there because they can get out . THEY CAN AND DO GET OUT . The adult rat does not get out . I am pretty happy overall with this product , I have no complaints .
 I really really loved this cage for my two rats . It 's easy to clean and it is soo big ! I have hardwood floors so the wheels are great . And best of all if I want more rats I have this huge cage . Sooo worth the price !!!
 I bought this cage for my baby Chinchilla she is 5 weeks old and the size of the wires is curently to big and she could squeeze through if she tried I feel like . Its easy to assmeble except for the ramp . I cant figure out how to put that together so the its facing the correct way and she can use it . Over all this is a good cage exvept for the ramp . Shipping is quick and my baby girl seems to enjoy it :-RRB- so over all 4 paws up but could be inprooved if I could figure out the ramp .
 We read other reviews for this cage and where concerned but we ordered it anyway.it says that its a ferret home but we bought it for our chinchilla and he loves it . it is hard to set up and hard to clean but we just vacumed off the levels . it provides our chinchilla with lots of levels to jump on and play . but when we got it it was very poorly packaged and one of the screws for for the base was broken . But overall it is a very nice cage for chinchillas and is very atractive .
 My son has 2 rats , which were on the smaller side when we got them . I bought him one of the cage extenders that go on top of an aquarium . That was short lived ... they outgrew it very quickly ! This cage is the best thing ! it is nice and spacious ! and yet does n't take up a lot of room , since it 's tall and can sit on the floor . The rollers are great to move it and clean anything they throw out of the cage . It 's super easy to clean too ! We live in FL , so we just take it outside , empty the litter from the bottom and then hose it down really well , since they tend to urinate on the different levels . If they did n't do that , it would just be a litter change . But it is super easy to lift off , hose down , dry a bit and put back together . And it gives the rats plenty of room to roam ... we have a big igloo in the bottom as well as a huge wheel for them to run on . It 's like a little palace for them ! :-RRB- Wish I would have bought this to start with ! But I would n't recommend for smaller than a rat ... our rats will stick their heads out certain spots ... thankfully they have n't been able to get out ... but just be aware if you have a smaller critter to house .
 So , maybe that I did n't read the description right but it was bigger than thought -LRB- which is great because it 's got wheels ! -RRB- . I also did n't know that it came with a hammock . My only problem is the slide is much smaller and flimsy . We believe that it was made for smaller ferrets not for our full grown ferret . But without that slide our ferret still loves it !
 The product description does not say that it 's designed for rats but some of the reviewers made that comment . We have three full grown rats and the smallest one can squeeze through the bars and escape . Based on our experience , I can not recommend the cage for animals that size or smaller . This cage would be suitable for ferrets , as specified in the description.Please note that I am not giving this product a bad review . This was my fault for believing the other reviews , not the fault of the seller/manufacturer .
 This cage is generally good , with a few flaws . It was very difficult to assemble . And a few pieces were a bit defective -LRB- plastic parts were bent and where there was supposed to be holes there was a thin layer of plastic still attached -RRB- .
 Plenty of room for one ferrett , three doors make it easy to get him out . Really easy to clean , only problem is he has issues getting in and out of the tunnel and will not use the slide or ramp . We just left two stories and the tunnel .
 I was apprehensive when I bought this cage for my two female rats because it is a ferret home and I was told that rats might be able to climb through the bars . I never had any problems , but if you have dumbo rats or baby rats , it might be an issue . My girls loved the extra space and I also noticed they slimmed down a bit from running around so much ! Some of the slides and slopes were hard to clip into the levels but we have not had any problems with quality or parts breaking .
 I was in a pinch and needed a cage for my pet rat . We needed a rat for one of our commercials and no one wanted him , so I decided to take him home . He was stuck in a hamster cage for a few days and i wanted to give him something better quick , so i searched amazon for a cage . There are very few `` rat '' cages , and though I found a few I felt this was a bit bigger and the wheels made it for me as I need to move things around a lot.I put it together in about 20 minutes . had a few issues with the levels not wanting to snap into place , but I eventually got them in correctly . The bottom took 1 small bag of aspen shavings to get it full , which is perfect for me . The build quality is n't amazing , but it will work for a while . I would have really rather had a latching base than the weird try-to-fit-it-in-these-little-lip-peice-things as it can be a pain.I installed all of the pieces , attached my water bottle , and let my little guy go . He loved all of it . He uses the slide as a walkway , runs up and down the bars , hes got a box on the top level and a box on the bottom to sleep in , and I used a few terry cloths to make a couple of smaller hammocks . Much more to comeHe was fine for a couple of days , but because he was so small he was able to squeeze his way out one day . He found a nice bit of PA speaker wire to chew on , and I found him when I got off of work . I was n't too upset , as he only got the last few feet , and he did n't . I went to the hardware store and bought PVC coated 1/2 `` x1/2 '' hardware cloth , and wrapped the entire cage and doors with the wire . That helped make the cage more stable actually , and since then everything has been good.I would suggest getting a cage with smaller spaced bars if you have a new pet rat , but if you 've got some older ones that just need an upgrade they would do well in this one .
 My husband and I picked up this cage for our first ferret when we adopted him -LRB- within a week we had a second ferret , as they 're really much happier and healthier if they have company -RRB- . We think the cage is perfect for our needs . It 's a wonderful size -LRB- good for two ferrets , though more than that might be a bit much ! -RRB- , and an excellent value for the price . It assembled quickly and easily . -LRB- Cages such as theSuper Pet My First Home Complete Ferret Kit , Forest Green , for example , are much too small , even for one ferret ! -RRB- We find that this cage is big enough to give our ferrets some room to move and play during the hours we 're at work , but is still maneuverable and manageable . Our ferrets are n't really fans of the slide , but that 's hardly a problem . It has three wide doors - two on the front and one on top - that help us reach everything inside with ease . Given the $ 200 + price tag on some other cages , I think that for beginners , those with 1 or 2 ferrets , and those not inclined to spend so much starting out , this is an excellent choice . -LRB- Note
 i got this cage a few days ago . it came in right on time . it was easy to set up and instructions were clear . it was much larger than i had expected but that 's great . i got this cage for my rat Oliver and he loves it . he will soon be getting a buddy so thy will have tons of fun running around . i was concerned at first about the spacing of the bars but he cant get through and he is about a year old . he can get the first maybe half inch of his nose out but that 's it . it took him a while to understand what the slide thing was for but now he loves it although he is really enjoying the room to run around on the bottom seeing as his original cage was rather small . i love this cage only issue was that the ramp at the top level pops off easily i love that it has two front doors and a top large opening . love it over all .
 Great cage for the price . Retail stores in my area have this around $ 130 . Picked up from Amazon for around $ 80 . Currently housing 3 rats -LRB- with a fourth waiting to move in -RRB- and they have plenty of room . Added an in cage wheel and some toys.Negatives - the rats pee and poop on the top level and it 's a pain to clean . I 've added a litter box since this started and it has gotten better . If your rats resist using the litter box , it could be frustrating . - rats can be pretty tough on the plastic ledges , ramps , tunnels if they are chewers . Expect to do some mending if you have a chewer.Positives - It 's roomy . Alot of space to add toys . - It looks nice - Easy to move -LRB- wheels -RRB- - Affordable -LRB- I got it for around $ 80 , you 'll find a cage at petsmart half as big for the same price -RRB-
 I will write a review that 's as detailed as possible , for anyone who 's on the fence about this cage :-RRB- Overall I think it 's an awesome cage - worth the money , ESPECIALLY if you have multiple adult rats ! FOREWARNING
 I love this cage!I seen it on sale at petco my mom and I walked in last day of the sale the last cage they had was the already put together floor model and they let us buy it . So when I got home all it needed was cleaning now this cage can be hard to clean I recommened a small hand vaccum and hot water with a little bleach in it this will help ! Also the bottom plastic tube I recommened you just pitch it I hated cleaning it then trying to put it back on the rats dont miss it.The down side if you have a baby rat or small rat they will easily escape through the large bar spaceings . I have two younger males I would love to move to this cage but I got one at 1 month old and I haveto wait till he cant squeeze through the bars.The top is perfect for putting in a hamock and the floor is big enough to put a big box in there just any cardboard box your going to throw away.The doors close nicely so no worry of escape everything has lasted so far good cageI would gladly buy it again from amazon when budget allows .
 We have been using this cage for over a year now with two full-grown chinchillas . What we did was remove all of the plastic shelving , the tubes and hammock right away . We put in three 8 '' shelves made out of kiln-dried pine into the cage , plus a couple of stepping ledges . The food crock is ok to use although chins tend to make a mess with it . The fact that the bottom has sides which go up several inches makes it easier to keep bedding inside.Although this may not be the ideal setup out of the box for a chin or two , with some modification it can be done so one can have an economical cage for a beginning chin owner . Our two are very happy and have ample room to exercise with their wheel inside .
 I 've heard a lot of people complaining about this cage and i almost did n't order it , but i am glad i did . I have 1 chinchilla -LRB- Nero -RRB- and i wanted him to have a spacious cage , and for $ 77 less than in store prices and free shipping with amazon prime , i could n't resist . The wire frame itself is a little flimsy but unless you 're housing insane animals or ones larger than intended use on this cage its perfectly fine ! I tightened the links in the cage with needle-nose pliers -LRB- just my preference -RRB- and it was fine . set up was rather fast . A plus is how well the shelves lock into the cage wires mainly because chins like to hop around like maniacs ^ , ^ , they do not topple like previous cages i have had . lots of space , and 3 diff openings . I took the tube and slide out only so my chin can have more free space and i can arrange the shelves more custom & add ledges . The wheels also screw on so you do not have any problems while moving the cage . Other than that , i really dig this cage , money well spent :-RRB- -RRB-
 This is working out great for our chinchilla . I left the green ramps and tubes out of it and added pine perches and she just loves it . She has not even tried to chew the plastic shelves at all and that was my only concern when buying this cage . Great cage ... Great price ... Happy Chinny !
 Edit
 I was not sure if this cage would be good for my young male ferret but I have had it now for over a month and everything is great ! He was a little scared to use the tunnel , ramp , and slide but after about a week he became very comfortable and now uses them all the time . I definitely recommend this cage to any ferret owners .
 I love super pet cages . I bought this cage for my ferret stewie . At first he was a little afraid to climb up to the other levels , but he is only a baby . Now he goes up and down like a professional . If I could change anything i would make the holes a little bigger . But only cus my stewie is a big boy .
 Our rat loves this cage ! She loves using the ramps/tube . The three doors give us easy access to any part of the cage to remove/add stuff . We love that it 's on wheels so we can easily move it around . The bottom tray 's edges are tall enough that there is no bedding mess anywhere around.Putting it together took a while , that 's my only issue with it . But once that was done , we just love it . And so does Coco the rat .
 I think this product is okay to start with when you first purchase ferrets . However , fair warning
 This cage is wonderful and my two new baby rats love it . The only problem that I had was the bar spacing so i put some hard cloth over it . They should be big enough in a few months though so that I can take it off :-RRB- Overall I am very satisfied .
 This was a great buy for my 2 , 2 month old , rats . The boys love it so much . They are a bit nervous about the size I think , since it is 7 times bigger than the cramped little tank I was keeping them in . And are still getting use to all this sleeping room they have now , but besides the getting use to . It is perfect . They are smart enough to know not to jump off the edges . They use the ramps , slide , and tunnel just fine . It is perfect for them and their weight so its not flimsy for them unlike others complained about . It 's so spacious because it is made for a ferret . I have 3 little wooden hideouts and plenty of toys to keep them busy . This is perfect . A great buy . The only down sides were I had to spend a extra 20 dollars on hardware cloth to wrap around most of the cage because my boys are still young . I was prepared to make this buy though . And once they hit 5 months or so it can come right off . Also the set up was a huge pain for me , very uneasy . The directions were easy to follow but the plastic was so hard to put together , I was so scared I was gon na break it.Besides its very minor flaws it was a great buy for me . And hopefully will give my rats a lifetime of enjoyment .
 The ramps and tunnel are too small for our 2 month old Ferret . The distance between the hole and the ramps are too short and he has a hard time getting through them . He ends up just jumping . The angle of the tunnel is too tight for him too . We 've had to add our own ramps and tunnels that are easier for him to navigate . Otherwise , it 's a great cage . Perfect size , easy to put together , and has plenty of space to play and put a lot of toys , hammocks , etc. .
 He seems to like the cage a lot . But he has n't moved from the bottom since he crawled down to it . I thought it was hard to put together the cage ... But it might just be a personal thing .
 Although the packaging strategy got the cage here to us with some bangs and broken parts , the actual cage is superb for our ferret . LOTS of room for her to roam and play ! I love the easy access doors and it is super easy to clean . You could not find a better cage at this price anywhere ! I paid $ 80 and that included shipping ! Perfect !
 I bought this for my rats . It 's a huge cage for them and they love it ! It 's easy to take the cage off to dump the bedding and I love the wheels on the bottom . However the shelves are extremely difficult to work with it 's very frustrating trying to rearrange them . If you get this for rats you have to cover it with hardware cloth especially if they 're babies and that will cost you at least another $ 15 . I like the size of the doors but they will become stiff and difficult to open over time . Overall I think this cage was a great value even if there are a couple things that I would change about it .
 My sister bought this cage for her chinchilla . We put both of our chinchillas -LRB- they are bonded -RRB- in and I ended up returning my chinchilla to its previous all metal cage after less than a day because despite the chew toys , she went right at the plastic . I had intended on buying one when another shipment came in and then decided against it . While my sister 's does n't chew a lot , we had to modify it by wiring mesh inside the cage to protect against any further damage . They managed to reach the top edge of the base through the original wire.The only other downside that I noted is accessory setup . While it is a decent size , it is hard to place a larger wheel -LRB- we use the 14 '' silver surfer -RRB- without impeding the shelving . As it is , we had to connect one shelf to the lower front door rendering it inoperative.Overall it is a good cage . But if your chinchilla attacks most plastic in sight like mine does , you might consider a different cage .
 I bought this cage for my two female rats and I was n't really sure if it would be ok for them or not . When it got here it took me about twenty minutes to put together and then my rats were ready to try it . They absolutely love it !! Their first home was smaller and now they have a lot of space to run , jump and climb . The space between the bars is about 1 inch , but they ca n't escape . I would recomend for rats , chinchillas and maybe guinea pigs , but no one smaller.The hammock that comes with it is not the best , but i used it as a base for another hammock , since they tend to chew on it at least they are safe with two layers of hammocks.It 's a very good product , I would buy it again . also , great price ! Pet stores sell way smaller cages for way more money.My rats chew on the bars every night , but they ignore the plastic .
 I love it , its easy to build and big enough for my ferret , my boyfriend 's ferret also love it both have enough room to sleep and play .
 our rat needed a new cage so i went online and read the reviews and decided on this one . it 's huge !! just an FYI - if you have baby rats this will not work because the spacing of the bars is too far apart . for adult rats , it 's fine . it was really easy to put together . we had a hard time putting the tunnel and slide together but everything else was fine . our little guy was unsure about the tunnel and slide at first but he figured it out and now he seems to love all the space he has . i love that there is a door on the top .
 Easy to put together and great for the ferrets to play , separate levels for food , sleep , litter and okay . Just what they needed ! : -RRB-
 I have a 5 month old Chinchilla , named Tweek , and he LOVES his cage !! Big enough for him to have lots of room to play and grow into . He can fit in the holes for the tube , slide , and ramp . I have found this cage easy to clean . You have to remember this is for an animal , so about every 3days during his out of cage play time , I take some animal safe wipes and wipe down the levels . I take a paper towel after wards just to make sure there is no water -LRB- as you should never get a Chinchilla wet ! -RRB- and clean about half of the carefresh bedding from the bottom and mix in some clean.It 's easy to roll it around the room so cleaning under and around the cage is super easy ! One downside is the levels and ramps , ect are plastic so he has chewed on them a little , however there is lots of room for chew toys and he spends most of his time chewing those . All in all I 'm extremely happy with this cage and the price ! I 've worked in pet stores and Amazon offers the BEST price ! Save more then $ 100 ordering it here!For those looking to get this for a ferret , just remember they poop in corners and the 3 levels are just surrounded by bars with not enough space for a litter box in each , so I would n't be surprised at poop being dropped from those areas ... This comes from someone who is not a ferret owner , just experienced with this cage and the animal .
 Excellent cage !! I bought this for my medium sized rats . I would n't recommend this for someone with smaller rodents because the wires are not close enough together . My ratties love their new home , and my kids and I are satisfied with our purchase!The only thing I was disappointed about is there was one wire that snapped off in one spot , but I super glued it back and it works . I think that with a larger rodent , they probably would n't fit through the tunnels because my medium rats just barely fit through comfortably .
 We purchased this three - four weeks ago four our two active male rats who outgrew their ten gallon tanks . Purchased on sale at Petco . We have been mostly happy with the purchase . The rats took a week or two to get comfortable but now are using the hammock . I also like it because if we are gone all day they have room to run around so I do n't feel so guilty!Cons
 I bought this cage for my 7 week old male rats and had to cover it with mesh initially . Four months later they were big enough so that they could not fit through the 1 inch bar spacing . They do love this cage . I have a tshirt hung up across the cage -LRB- with safety pins , great idea as tshirts do n't fray when chewed and washed -RRB- as a hammock in addition to many more along the top . The cage gives them plenty of space to dart around . Cleaning is a breeze as my boys are potty trained and they have towels lining each level that just get thrown in the wash . Part of green ramp did snap towards the bottom but that has been my only issue .
 i received my super pet home and was more than pleased !!! the product is everythinf they said it would be . not much more i cna say other than i was very pleased with the item .
 My chin China , loves it , easy to clean and has a lot of room for him to climb and run around.He really like the hammock , just attach a small comfy blanket and your good to go.It is movable too , so you can take it from room to room.Three access doors make cleaning a breeze , would highly recommend , and easy to put together .
 I read a lot of reviews on this product from multiple sites prior to purchasing . I needed a larger cage for my two very well-fed , highly spoiled pet rats . I know this is marketed as a ferret cage , and I can see why it did not get favorable reviews from ferret owners ; I would definitely not recommend this for ferrets . The cage itself may be large enough , but the shelves , and even more so the ramps and tunnels are quite small for a ferret.For rats , I would only recommend this if your rats are mature and large . The bar spacings are a bit too widely spaced for small or baby rats , and definitely too wide for mice.The only drawbacks are 1 -RRB- the connectors are a bit loose . This is easily rectified by a little bending of the bars . 2 -RRB- the ramps are very steep when connected properly ; the rats do n't really like to use them . I have n't figured out how to resolve this yet ; I may simply replace them . 3 -RRB- the shelves and ramps are a bit flimsy ; to be expected from plastic pieces . You just need to be careful when cleaning and repositioning.Overall , I am very happy and so are my babies . This cage was exactly what I was looking for !
 I currently have 3 chinchillas living in this cage !! There is more than enough room and they love it ! They do chew on the plastic so either make sure you have a lot of chewing items in the cage , or remove the plastic shelves and just slide wood boards right through the slats on the cage -LRB- MAKE SURE YOU HAVE SAFE WOOD !!! -RRB- A lot of them are toxic . Also , you may want to make a screen 3 wall & floor &#34; cage &#34; out of screen or plexi-glass or something to sit the cage in -- they throw a lot of pooh and bedding out while they are running and jumping around having fun !!!
 I like this cage , especially for two blacked hooded rats . They enjoy it very much . I recommend this cage to anyone who had pet rats .
 I 've been looking for a good cheap cage for my chinchilla , and this one works very well . I actually found my cage on craigslist for only 15 dollars , but paying 100 for a big cage is n't bad at all . One feature that I like is the fact that there are small groves on each platform so that poop does not just roll off the side of the cage . I also live in an apartment , and tend to move from place to place often , so the fact that the metal part of the cage folds down completely flat is very nice . I also love the wheels so that I can just push it around when I need to vaccum under my chinchillas cage .
 This is an awesome ferret cage . Both of my ferrets love this thing . Just put a treat for each at every level and they will figure it out . I really do n't understand the reviews of having the holes be to small , maybe they need to put their ferrets on a diet . The holes on this thing could fit a small cat !!
 I recently acquired an elderly ferret that came with this cage . I like the cage overall . Good quality and design/construction . Perfect for ferrets and I like it so much that after a few days I moved my other two ferrets in with my lil old man ! It is roomy but does n't take up too much floor space . When I adopted the fert with the cage , it had no ramp , slide , or tube , just the holes for him to crawl up to the other levels . After adding my other ferrets and multiple hammocks , ferretcube , and hideouts , I decided to remove the ramps from my other cage -LRB- superpet my first multilevel in forest green , comes in the ferret starter kit -RRB- and with some adjustments , attatchd them to the levels . It is perfect!My only complaint is the placement of the two front doors make it hard and awkward to get to the levels , bottom of cage , and the ferrets when they are in their hammock . The top opens so that 's a plus but the other doors are either too high or too low!PS - The bottom does n't slide out so its hard work cleaning it without struggling to take the whole wire part off the solid base , I have to bend or crouch to reach !
 I did quite a bit of research and shopping around for a home for my 2 rats , and I might add that I am a first time rat owner . I read books , looked on the internet , and shopped at pet stores near my home to see them in person . I highly recommend this cage for rats . It offers them plenty of space to run around and they love the levels . It is really neat looking too and encourages me to keep it clean -LRB- dailty cleaning -RRB- as I love the look and design of it . Originally I was concerned about the spacing of the bars , but my rats are only half grown and the bars are close enough that they can not escape . As with other cages with the plastic shelves , you might find that they are urinating on the shelves which can be messy if they walk through it . I have found that if I add more bowls , toys , boxes , etc. to the shelves that they will more likely use the bottom part where the litter is . I keep a bottle of Nature 's Miracle nearby for daily wiping up , another product I 'd recommend as it 's safe for use around pets .
 I love this cage ! I have two little chinchillas , Giggly Puff and Gaia , and they both just love hopping around on the four levels as well as the ramp , the slide , and the tube thing . I feel like a lot of the other cages at the pet store are a lot smaller and just as expensive . This cage really is a good deal . I especially like the wheels that make the cage easy to move so I can vacuum underneath it or just move it around my room . I think the only critique I could say is that it is sometimes hard to clean the flat , plastic panels because of the ridges and such . Bottom line
 I like this cage so much that i bought it twice ! Not because it broke , but because I donated my first one when I decided having rat companions was too hard -LRB- they do n't live long enough . -RRB- Well , being ratless left a big gaping hole in my heart which was so much harder than losing them , so I got another cage and a few more ratties.PLUS SIDE-Easy to clean ! - You can order extra shelves -LRB- or make your own -RRB- which the LOVE.-They love climbing up and down the sides which is good exercise.-can ' t beat the price ! - If you buy this cage from Amazon & there is any problem with broken/missing parts they are SO GOOD about replacing the item with a new one -LRB- plus free shipping ! -RRB- , and if need be , call customer service & tell them you need them to send a new cage before you send back the defective one back so your critters have a place to live in the mean time.MINUS SIDE-Not good for small -LRB- still growing -RRB- rats because if they want to , they can squeeze between the bars , which have a one inch spacing . I never had this problem but I take in harder to adopt rats & i think they know a good thing when they find it ! - Needs to be retrofitted for ill/older rats because it can be hard for them maneuver from landing to landing through the hole in the shelf -LRB- when my female Little Roo developed inoperable groin tumors I was constantly worried for her so I ordered her a Critter Nation . -RRB- This is a great RAT cage !
 I was skeptical about purchasing this cage after reading the reviews from the people that had bought this cage for their ferrets . After looking online for a couple of days and not being able to find a cage of this size that had the plastic shelves , ramps , slide etc close to this price I decided to give it a try . I am very glad that I did . This is a great cage for the price . The deep plastic base is geat along with the caster wheels for easy moving . Skittles my three year old female ferret loves this cage . She has so much more room to play and it is tall enough that when she lays in her hammock she can see out the window that her cages is next to . She is petite and agile and after helping her go down the ramp and spiral slide a couple of times , she now uses them with ease . The holes in the plastic shelves and the tunnel are 3 3/4 '' wide so you can determine if your ferret is to big to fit through them - mine has plenty of room . There are two doors on the front both of which are 10 1/5 '' wide by 9 '' high and one door on the top that measures 10 1/2 '' wide by 17 '' high . I use a a kitten litter pan that fits through the door fine but I can see where some of the other litter pan sizes would not work . I drilled a small hole on the top of the litter pan and attached a snap clip to easily secure it to the cage . With the three doors I have plenty of access to clean the shelves . I can also see where the shelves would sag if there was a heavy animal on them . To bad the manufacturer does not use wire support under the plastic shelves -LRB- I think a person could do so themselves if needed -RRB- . All in all I am happy with the purchase and Amazon had the best price plus free super saver shipping .
 Length :
 I adopted my two rats from our schools ' lab animal program . They were quite excited and a little overwhelmed at the size of their new home . Their previous home was a standard lab rat shoebox style cage . They run , jump , climb and play all night long . And they are happy . I love this rat `` condo '' and so do they . Assembly was easy , and I do n't find anything difficult in regards to keeping it clean . I feel I made a great choice .
 We have two pet rats and they love this cage.There is plenty of room for them to play and explore.They are small baby rats and they do n't try to escape .
 Not sure if i 'd use it for ferrets , but I use this cage for 4 rats and they love it . They have plenty of space , love the hammock , and have been - pretty - good about only using the bottom tray for the bathroom -LRB- although not always , sadly -RRB- . It can be annoying to clean , and we can see how the shelves might be too flimsy for ferrets -LRB- especially huge fat ones -RRB- . But we have n't had safety issues , like some people have said . Our rats fall from the top shelf constantly because they 're stupid , and they 're absolutely fine - they do n't even squeak when they fall , it 's just a moment of '' ... what just happened ? `` I 'd definitely recommend this cage , it 's huge and worth the money . It 's like 80 bucks here on amazon , and i 've seen the exact one at a local pet shop for $ 250 . HUGE deal here . ALSO , our slide , ramp , and tunnel work fine and were not difficult to assemble , they also have not broken . We 've had literally no problem other than our youngest being small enough to get out when we first got him , but now we have no issues .
 I have 2 male rats 4 months old and this cage is perfect for them . We took out the top shelf and ladder and have a series of hammocks on top with a way for them to get to the second floor . This cage is so versitile you can do all sorts of great things for your rats . My rats love to climb the bars and jump , so I 've left alot of free area for them to do it . The bottom is so large we put in several boxes that we change regularly . I also put in a nice large ferret litterbox that attaches directly to the cage bars . We 've had this cage for two months now and we all love it !
 I love how there 's wheels , and the surface area is 4 stories instead of really wide and long . Chins love to climb and hop , so this is great for them ! The bottom keeps the bedding in nicely , and the shelves accessing the doors are really nice to say hello to your chinchilla - mine was trained to come out on the door when I opened it and I could pet him . It is the best cage to clean and to roll around for easy access .
 We have two chinchillas and they love this . We had looked at our local pet store and found the exact same habitat for double the price of this one . They love the ladder and the slide that comes with this habitat . The complete product is easy to assemble also .
 First off , I bought this cage from Petco for $ 130.00 and was not happy to see that I could have gotten it from Amazon for $ 100 including shipping ! I saw smaller cages with just simple ramps at the pet store for the exact same price of $ 130 . My chinchilla seems to like the cage . The only thing is he wo n't go through the top of the slide . I simply hung his dust house next to the third level so he could jump on it to get to the level instead of going through the slide opening . My children and I enjoy watching the chinchilla in this cage and it is large enough that I could get a second chinchilla if I wanted . I like that it has wheels so I will be able to move it to vaccum . The only reason I give it 4 stars instead of 5 because it looks like it 's going to be a real pain to clean ! Hopefully a litter box will make it easier . Also , why is this cage marketed only as a ferret cage when it is great for rats and chinchillas ?
 This cage is amazing . I have two chinchillas . It is big enough so they can get away from each other because of all the levels . Also the levels are strong enough for there jumping . You an also add in a hay ball and chews toys so they wo n't chew on the levels . Also i added a two chin castle in the bottom of mine and there is still alot of room for them to move around . The wires are strong and very supportive . I would buy again at this great price well wroth the 80 dollars .
 Bought this multi-level home for a pet rat . She loves it , loves the room , the different levels , the slide and tube , however , rat owners beware of the spacing . It 's almost like an inch spacing of the bars . If you have a small female rat like me , this could be a problem , however , it was easily modified with some wire panels we had lying around . Make sure if you modify this for rats NOT to use galvanized metal ! It 's poisinous to them , and their urine corrodes the zinc oxide coating on galavinzed metal . So if you 're going to modify use steel , or powder coated panels like we did . Overall though , we 're very happy with it , and it was easy to assemble , and came really fast , only 3 days ! Suffice to say our little girl loves it , and loves running up and down all the levels , so it 's a good buy , plenty of room , and fun but the spacing could be a problem for small rats .
 We have 2 Dumbo rats and a fancy rat in this cage and it works great ! Note that a baby or small rat may squeeze through the bars in certain places , so wait until full grown to put in this cage .
 We just got our habitat and it is everything we had hoped for . It was easy to put together and light enough to get to the back of the house to the ferrets room . -LRB- wheels on the bottom are nice to have -RRB- Our ferrets had a regular 1 tier cage for about a year and I felt it was time to give them a bigger space . They were really curious about it and even a bit giddy ! They played inside it and romped around in and out of the openings . I feel they approved.I set up their bed , food and water and they made themselves right at home.The price was perfect , the size is perfect and the Super Saver shipping and no tax topped it off!I recommend this habitat to anyone that has little furries they love.StacyHouston , Texas
 I looked all over for a cage with a decent size and price . I 'd say this is the cheapest you 'll find for one as big as this . I bought it for 2 ferrets and there was probably plenty of room for another . I could n't connect the slide and my ferrets kept knocking the ramp down , but with strategic placement of the shelves they could get around fairly easily without them . Even though I had these issues its still a great cage for the price and I want to get another for my rats .
 Perfect playground and home for my two ferrets . The only problem is if your pet is a bit over weight the slide will fall . It is eas to put back up though .
 My pet loved his new home . He spends his time running all around it and sleeps in the hammock with his favorite blanket .
 This cage is perfect for pet rats good size for 4-6 rats and for a great price it is pretty big . And all these people saying it is flimsy or cheap dont listen to them you have to squeeze together the wire where the cage meets with plyers if you stop and look at it and use common sense you will see that . Overall great cage
 This cage is amazing and my female rats love it ! However the bar spacing was too large and they slipped out . I got some hardware cloth -LRB- wire mesh -RRB- and just attached it with cage clamps and it works wonderfully . I am thinking of getting a second cage for my male rats . It is a wonderful size and my 5 girls love it !
 We got this cage for our 2 male Rats as they were getting too big for their other one . I was warned the bar spacing was large as it was a ferret cage . I found that as long as the rats are not babies or slightly built its fine . My boys love the room , they even use the ramps ! They love all the doors and run to each one . I recommend this cage if you have full grown , good size rats ! And there is plenty of space for additional housing and hammocks !
 best cage i ever owned ... easy to clean . . ratties love the ramp , tunnel , & twisty slide they def get their exercise . i do not recommend for small animals such as mice or baby rats , the bar spacing is a little wide and they will get thru easily
 i just got this cage today . It was hard to put togather but after it was togather i liked so did my ferret . I do believe it might be hard to clean the buttom . In the direction it advise to take off the whole top -LRB- the wire part -RRB- .
 In the picture , it shows the cage being used for ferrets , but I have rats . It is working out so well for them though . I love how much they love it . How tall it is was perfect because they love climbing , and I would recommend this cage to anyone with a small animal . ~
 This was a good starter home for 1 to 2 ferrets . When we added a third ferret it got a little crowded . My large ferret kept pulling off the ramp to the top level and he easily broke the slide so it was not very durable . My ferrets kept falling off of the top level and hitting the other two shelves on the way down . You will need a hammock in the middle to catch them when they fall so that they will not get hurt .
 I bought this cage for my 2 male rats . They are pretty large for rats , and I would n't recommend this cage for anything larger , but it is perfect for them . I also got swheat scoop small animal litter , and some cage sanitizing wipes , and this system is easy to clean . I just scoop out the bottom -LRB- you will need something with finer holes than a cat litter scoop , but the swheat scoop is small enough it still works -RRB- and use the wipes to wipe down the shelves . I also got 2 feeding containers for a bird cage that I hung to keep their food in , and I already had a water bottle from their previous cage . My rats have been pretty aggressive with each other in the past , and this cage is large enough that they still wrestle and play , but they do n't bite or claw anymore .
 I bought this cage for a trio of baby rats . It is wonderful for them ! They love the levels and I have space to hang several hammocks and toys . I do not use the tube in my cage , but it was easy enough to install . Some of the pieces were hard to put together , but overall it is a great cage to start out with.Since I have 5 week old babies , I covered it with hardware cloth because the openings are large enough for my little boys to slip through . Once they get a bit bigger I will remove it . The wheels make it very easy to transport from room to room in my carpeted apartment . The one major downfall is it is difficult for me to clean . Part of this is because I am short with short arms , but part of it is the doors need to be just a little bit bigger .
 This product is simply magnificent . When I first purchased it , I expected it to be a heavy , already-set-up , single-pet pet cage . As it had turned out , it really was a universal , lightweight , easy-assembly pet cage ! If all of this was not good enough , the price was also unbelievably low !
 I bought this for my rats . It 's a good product for the money . I might get another cage like this for my chinchilla .
 I did n't read many reviews for this but i looked at lots of pictures of other people 's pets inside the cage ... rats , mice etc. . I bought this cage for my hamster because everything else just seemed way too small . He 's a Syrian hamster so he 's a bit on the large side , but it took him less than 5 minutes to figure out that he could easily fit through the bars on this cage and escape . So now I have to go out and find a way to modify a cage that I spent almost $ 100 on . Not too happy right now . I like it ... and I know Russell will too once we get it all fixed up . Just a little disappointed right now .
 Because of the great price on Amazon , I was able to buy this cage knowing I would need to modify it . I have 2 chinchillas , and though I have seen this cage listed as a minimum size for 1 chinchilla , I believe that there is plenty of room for them both -LRB- they do get quite a lot of time to run around outside of the cage , too -RRB- . The shelves that come with the cage are okay ; the ramps/etc are pretty useless to chinchillas , aside from being plastic . Also , for me I found the shelves annoying because they have a dip around the edges that catches every piece of poo they leave behind . However , I have built wooden shelves to replace them for only about $ 20 all together and I could n't be happier . Definitely would recommend this cage for chinnies if you are n't afraid of a little DIY .
 I know that it suggests that you should n't buy a plastic cage for a chinchilla ... I did . . I do n't regret it . It 's easier to clean than metal . There is no risk of broken legs . She loves the tunnels and ladders and slide . She does n't use the hammock though . However , on the plus side ... she has n't been chewing on the plastic . If you buy this for a chinchilla I do suggest that you get plenty of wood chew toys . It does limit them from chewing up the plastic . In fact , my chinchilla would much rather chew on the wooden objects that I bought instead of her cage . Which is good because I do n't have to worry about her chewing up and not being able to digest the plastic .
 Took me a while to put together was totally worth it . The chinchillas are going crazy jumping from level to level . They absolutely LOVE it . They keep stopping and standing at the edge of the bars as if to say THANK YOU MOM!I was a little worried that they could n't get from level to level but they are like little ninjas jumping off the walls up there ! Like I said was a little tough to put together , but I 've never put a cage together before so it might just be me.The price is great quite a bit lower than at other online stores . Perfect home for little critters .
 We have used this cage for our chinchilla for about a year . We took out the slides and tubes and he just goes up thru the holes with the shelves a little closer together . we have the bottom one across the back and then 2 above each other on the left side . On the top shelf we have his wire wheel attached to the side of the cage . I put his dust house and litter box in bottom spot . He loves it . He has chewed a bit but he 'd chew anything . He hasnt ruined it . I like that the wheels are screwed in so i can carry the whole cage outside , turn it on its side and hose it down , without it falling apart . Big plus . Obviously , do n't get your chinchilla wet . I gave it 4 stars because i think the platforms could be better and because the ramps were pretty useless for us -LRB- and I find they get very dirty regardless of what animal is using it -RRB- . Overall a great purchase . This $ 77 sale price is great for a cage like this .
 I got this cage for my 2 chinchillas Lunch and Gummi . It Put together very easily.It was much much bigger than i thought it would be which was a big bonus Personally i left out the hammock , tube , and slide . It looks easy to clean but ill find out soon enough.I also recommend adding more ledges both to prevent falls and because there is alot of empty spaces in the cage that the animals could have fun in if you just get thing to put there for them . I got 2 super pet sleepin ledges and a lava ledge to put in there . I also might end up getting more as well.I would reccomend this cage for rats , chinnchillas , ferrets ect . Its a great cage .
 I bought the cage for my chinchillas the love it . it has lots of room for them to jump and climb around . the only drawback is they like to chew the plastic and have chewed thru the one slide and the hamack .
 I have two rats that are almost full grown and they can easily escape from between the bars of this cage . The gap between the bars is 1-inch wide . Almost every morning I find them on top of the cage and I regularly find evidence of wider ranging nocturnal excursions . They really have a lot of fun with all the ramps and levels and do n't even need the little hidey-hole house we had in their old cage . They just hide out behind the tube that comes down from the second level . The Hammock , however , did n't last one night -LRB- they either chewed through one of the straps or it broke -RRB- . I would recommend this cage to anyone who has rats that are fully grown , or that are a little on the chubby side .
 my cage was in good shape when it arrived and it arrived within the time frame that it was supposed to !!!
 I bought this 3 weeks ago or so , and overall I 've been pleased . I agree with others that I do n't think this would be good for ferrets , but it makes a good cage for my rats . I saw a few main issues come up a lot , so here 's my take on them.The construction of it is ok , not great or terrible . The hammock is very thin , so check it for damage often if your pet chews . The assembly was not as easy as they box would have you believe , it took me about 30 minutes -LRB- and a few swears :P -RRB- . The bar spacing is not your standard rat cage distance but my 3.5 month old rats ca n't get out . I have no issues cleaning it , all the shelves are accessible . The set up as the box suggests has the ramp at an angle that my rats find too steep , but they 've managed to adapt to it . If it were not a bit of a pain to get the shelves on , I 'd change it . Older rats would likely have issues getting around the cage.I like it for my rats , but having had ferrets in the past I would not buy it for them .
 I absolutely love this cage !!!! I have a chinchilla and shopped around a lot to find a tall enough cage that was a descent price . The cage was easy to put together and i only took out the slide because my chin didnt seem to stable on it . He doesnt chew on any of the plastic and loves jumping from ledge to ledge . He even uses the hammock . The cage is also very easy to clean and with the multiple doors you have access to every ledge . There is also a lot of room for extra toys for the chinchilla . Great cage and so far no problems !!
 This is great cage it is very large and has plenty of space the set was kinda a pain . I wish the front has a big opening like the top instead of the two smaller doors . Bigger then I expected to be honest . But a great price for the size and convenience . It does come with the hammock in case anyone is wondering .
 I bought this cage for my chinchilla , and removed the cute little slide and ladders and such ... it 's a great size !!! Benjamin loves to jump around , climb around and just generally enjoy the space he has when he is in his cage . However , if you ARE thinking about buying this cage for a chinchilla -LRB- as I 'm not sure if ferrets steps/jumps would have as much of an impact as a chin 's -RRB- please keep in mind that the plastic that the landings are made of is pretty cheap , I 've had this cage for about a month and if I put Ben 's hidey home on any level , it sags . I 'm happy with my purchase , and think it 's well worth the money , but would suggest keeping the sagging plastic levels in mind . They seem strudy enough to last a while , but it gets kind of annoying to look at !
 My chin loves the cage and so do I. super easy to clean too ! great cage for a great price !
 Even though this home is intended for ferrets , I bought it for my college student son 's pet rat Princess who was rapidly outgrowing her current home . They both love it and it came promptly and in great condition .
 Our rats love this cage . They have lots of room to run around and great places to hide . One note of caution
 Like other customers I bought this cage for a pair of adult rats . It is very roomy and gives them the ability to actually move around without immediately running into the cage walls . It was easier to follow how to set it up from the picture on the box for an item or two , then it was on the instruction sheet . After a month , they are more comfortable climbing the ramps , slides and tunnels . The only sign of chewing is on the bottom corner of the ramp . You might as well save yourself the trouble of hanging the hammock and let them use it as bedding . Couldnt figure out the `` safety '' latches , since the whole bottom of the cage clips onto the plastic base . Would have perferred a metal base , but my rats are more concerned about where to hide the food , then chewing through the plastic . There is ample room for atleast another rat or two , and possibly more shelving to hold toys .
 I purchased this cage as a home for my three young male rats . This cage is a great fit for them , and they love it . They have lots of space to climb and play . It took my boys about 30 minutes to figure out how to get up and down the cage . They do climb up the sides sometimes instead of using the ramps , but they use the ramps as well . They like having lots of options for climbing , running , and playing , and it is fun to watch them during playtime.Setup was a little bit of an adventure . The cage itself is not difficult to put together , but it takes some acrobatics to get the shelves and ramps in and locked in . To make sure my little ones could n't escape , I initially wrapped the cage in window screen . I think the screen cost about $ 10 overall . My boys are about 12 weeks old now , and they ca n't escape from the cage as manufactured . I would definitely recommend some sort of extra security for little ones until you are sure they ca n't escape.The cage is pretty easy to keep clean . I keep the shelves full with toys , food dishes , and shelters , so my rats learned to use the bedding as their toilet . This has helped keep the cage a lot cleaner . When they do use the shelves , it cleans up quickly with paper towels and a cleaning spray . There are little channels along the edge of the shelves that are annoying to clean , but they also let liquids runoff , so it is a necessary evil . Once a week , I move the rats out and do a thorough clean . It takes me about 30 minutes once a week , and five minutes or so every morning to keep it nice and clean . Prior to the rats , I had a rabbit in a large , single level cage , and even though this cage is more complicated , it is a lot easier to clean.This cage is a great fit for a small group of rats . I can definitely see how it would not be appropriate for ferrets , or any other larger pet .
 This cage is like a mansion for my 2 rats . However it would not be good for ferrets . My rats are pretty large males and they bend the slide pretty severely when they run up it . It might break for a ferret -LRB- if the ferret is n't too big to even walk on the slide -RRB- . The holes in the platforms are also probably too small for anything but a baby ferret . I highly recommend this cage for any rat owners but advise ferret owners to look elsewhere .
 I just recently purchased this item and was amazed at how enormous it looks in real life , it is much taller than what it seems like -LRB- proportionally -RRB- in the photo . It is easy to set up , took about thirty minutes to set up , and is easier to set up without the directions . My three female Rats fit perfectly in this cage , its large enough for them to climb around , and plenty of room on the shelf areas along with the bottom pan . My female rats are about three months old and they can not squeeze through the bars , allowing security for me . Great investment , and well spent , 80 + dollars is definably worth it in the long run !
 I really loved this product . i liked how big it was and how many levels it has . This only problem was that i thought it was going to be perfect for my rats . It did work for my rats and they do love it , but one of my rats is kinda small and she can squeeze through the wires very very easily . Although , my other rat can not fit through the wires because she is way too fat . We were able to fatten up my other rat so she can not fit now . i would recommend this but make sure , if you have rats , they are pretty big . Rats can fit and squeeze through small spaces .
 The bars are 1 inch apart ; not usually suitable for a rat cage . So if you have never had a cage with bar spacing of this size before , then there is a chance of rat escape!So my 7 week old female rat can easily escape this cage . But she does n't . Some rats just wo n't leave their cages even though they can . My four month old female rat can not escape this cage anymore , but when she was 3 months she could slip out and every once in a while I would find her outside the cage . My 2 older female rats ca n't escape , but they can fit their heads through the bars so I 'm sure if they really tried they could get through the bars.But the size , accessories , and overall build of this cage is great for rats ! Out of the three slides , only one of them is flimsy but has n't broke on me yet . Overall this cage is great for male rats or older female rats . There 's no wires so no chance of any toes or feet getting stuck or injured.For the price it 's a great find.For ferrets I would n't recommend this cage . But for chinchillas , I think this cage would work .
 I bought this product for my rats . They were able to get out through the bars , so I had to cover the whole cage with black screen . Fastened on with 100 tiny black zip ties . That was fine . It looks very good , and the rats love it . It is the largest most luxurious home 2 rats ever had ! I also bought a pet tunnel which was recommended and the rats sleep in there . Awesome product but has to be customized for smaller rodents like mine . Absolutely no complaints or negatives . Great ! Thanks !
 I love this cage ... it has so much space for my two rats . They seem to appreciate it , too . All of the shelves are perfect for my hyperactive pet , and it has plenty of hiding places for my timid one . Definitely worth the price ! And the discount is great .
 This is a pretty good rat cage.Positives : Big enough for 2-4 rats , very tall cage.Multiple levels to entertain the adventurous side of your rata-tattas . It rolls ! So very very handy.Lots of doors for easy access , one large on the top , two on the front.Deep bottom pan minimizes mess spillage.Negatives : Rat # 1 escapes constantly . My smaller female can force -LRB- literally -RRB- herself through the bars in seconds , this would n't be an issue for larger males or fat rats.Spiral slide does n't lock in , and wiggles around when used.Bars are thin , not the heavy powder coated kind . I see evidence of chewing already.Wipe down cleaning of the ramps recommended , breaking everything down to submerge and clean would be far too time intensive . This cage might not appeal to those that want a sterile environment.So , if I can just fatten up my one rat so she ca n't escape , this will a perfect cage . Beware , although it does n't look a rat can fit between the bars , somehow the smaller ones can turn into rubber rats and manage it !
 This is a great product ! My ferret sweetpea absolutely loves every piece of it ! Great for a ferret !
 The cage overall is pretty nice for the money . The plastic slide is flimsy but my ferret still likes to play on it . The cage was a giant pain to build , the 3 plastic floors required the strength of tools to snap into place . If you can buy this cage pre-assembled I highly recommend it .
 This is by far the best rat cage I have ever purchased . The 4 mature rats that this was bought for acclimated immediately and easily to the various levels and features of this cage . And it was a cinch to clean as the entire cage part disconnects from the bottom so you can remove the dirty bedding quite easily . The wheels make it easy to move the cage to different locations as well . I highly recommend this cage !
 When we expanded our ferret family from one to two , this is the habitat we purchased for them , and they always seemed to love it . Sometimes ferrets prefer to sleep on lower levels , and sometimes they prefer loftier perches . This gave them a choice . The only real criticism I can make is that the included hammock is a little small for more than one ferret , and ferrets do love to sleep together in a pile , thus we had to replace the included hammock with a larger one . You may also need to purchase an additional hammock anyway so your ferrets have more than one choice of where to nap . Overall , though , I highly recommend this product .
 I have a pet rat he has out grown 3 cages and found this he loved it it was his mansion : -RRB-
 Was very easy to put together and my ferret loves it . He 's been much more active and playful since we got him this habitat . Love that it came with the hammock as well . LOVE IT !!!!!
 After reading every review for rabbit , ferret and mice cages , I decided to purchase this one for my young medium-sized rat . While he is terrified of leaving the cage , he is perfectly capable of escaping and has already squeezed his body halfway out very easily . This will be a great home for Watson once he 's too big to fit through the cage wires as there is an abundant amount of space . Overall , this is a great cage for a rat - so long as you have a large / fat rat .
 i love it . . fit perfect into the spot i had planned for it and the kids can interact w OREO while he is all over te cage ... the multipe doors helps alot w cleaning the cage
 For the money , this cage is n't bad at all . I did have some difficulty snapping some of the plastic pieces together and the tabs on the ladder part are weak -LRB- cheap plastic -RRB- . But you get what you pay for . You ca n't expect a cheap cage to compare to a more expensive one . It 's big and lots of room for my boys -LRB- ferrets not humans -RRB- to play in . They love the room and seem perfectly happy in it .
 Platforms bend slightly and some clips where cage connects to floor have broken -LRB- does n't seem to cause any problems though -RRB- . Ferret managed to separate one bar but easily fixed with metal glue . Overall for price and size of cage I think it is a good deal . Room for toys and beds , etc. . Ferret seems to love it plays around house for couple hours then returns to cage on her own and snuggles up .
 Easy set up . Nice price . The only bad side is the slide does n't stay together . I have to put it back together 3-4 times a day . My ferret loves it .
 I knew when purchasing this cage that it was kinda big . However , When I finally got it and set it up it was huge ! I love it ! It gives my two little rat girls -LRB- when i got them 1 was 5 months and the other 2 months -RRB- sooo much play room ! It took them awhile to use the levels , slides , etc. . But once they let their guards down they were running up and down the cage crawling up the walls , just having a wonderful time.The reason I knocked off a star is because the space between each bar is a bit to wide . Since both my rats were only a few months old when I first got them , they can easily get out , so I keep them in a smaller cage at night and let them play in this cage during the day , so they can get familiar . I 'm pretty sure my 7 month old ratty can get out but doesnt bother she loves being in her cage , but my 5 month old ratty is a bit rebellious loves climbing out and just roaming the top of the cage.Overall excellent cage but your younger and smaller rats will be able to get out.FOR THE QUALITY I noticed a lot of people are saying its poor quality and cheap and the levels and ramps dont stay in place.I HAVE NOT HAD THIS PROBLEM , putting the cage together was pretty easy , my boyfriend and I set it up , only difficult part was connecting the slide , really needed man muscles lol , but everything else was fine . The levels have yet to fall or move out of place . Had the cage for about 3 months now and every thing has stayed in place perfectly . I guess if people are having trouble with things staying in place it was probably not put on correctly or got a faulty cage . I heard a snap when connecting the levels that let me know `` this will stay right here ! `` As for cleaning its very easy , the cage has 3 large doors . 2 in the front , 1 reaches easily to the middle level while the other allows you to reach the bottom level . The third door is on the `` roof '' of the cage to easily get the the top level . If I need to remove the bottom of the cage I simply lift up the snapy things that coonect the bottom to the top and separate the bottom from the bars . So easy!LAST THING I PROMISE !!! the wheels are AWESOME !!! My ratties are a bit messy so when I notice their getting stuff everywhere I can easily move the cage and vacuum their mess . No problems with my wheels either . Thank goodness .
 I bought this cage for our three ratties . Let me first say that it is not for smaller rats . They would probably squeeze through but it is perfect for the older ones . It gives our rats ample room for their own space . They love it ! It is just what I was looking for and met all my expectations . Plus , the price including s & h was cheaper than purchasing at our pet supply store .
 Once again , Amazon amazed us with the fast shipping . This sucker arrived 6 days before estimated delivery date to a farm in the middle of nowhere . The cage is a little time consuming to put together but not overly difficult and it 's LARGE . MUCH bigger than expected which was a nice surprise . Our three rats love it and learned how to use the slides and ramps quickly . I would n't recommend this for small rats , but we have 3 large males and theres absolutely no way they would fit through the bars . The price ca n't be beat either . We looked at Petsmart , Pet Barn and Walmart and found cages half the size for twice the price . Overall very pleased with this product . Happy rats , happy owner !
 I started my baby chinchilla out with a really basic home when I first bought him . Since I 've upgraded to this cage he seems much happier . He plays with toys more and hops around the levels more . I even notice that he eats more , I 'm not sure if this is cage related , but in general he is a much happier chin . Even during his playtime outside of the cage , he 'll go back in and jump around the levels . I was a little worried about him chewing on the plastic but I 've had the cage for a couple weeks now and he does n't seem to have any interest in chewing the plastic . A lot of people in the reviews for this cage said it was hard to put together and it took them a long time but I did it by myself and it only took me like an hour . For the most part I love this cage . And so does my chinchilla . The only bummer about this cage was that my chin broke the slide the first day . You have to snap into place to put it together and from bouncing on it , my chin broke the snaps . I 'm sure for rats this would n't be a problem . Not a big deal though , my chin can jump easily from ledge to ledge .
 We love this cage and it worked great for our large rats , but when they died , and we got new rats , the new ones were young and smaller and kept climbing through the bars . I hope that when they grow larger , they wo n't be able to squeeze through the bars then . This cage was easy enough for my 9 year old to clean and it 's large and roomy and was fun for our larger rats .
 I am very happy with this cage . Although the top does not latch correctly it was a great price and quick delivery . My chinchilla has to get use to all the extra space she has now . .
 I bought this cage because it was less expensive than cages half it 's size and I wanted to get my rats a better cage . It 's a lot bigger than I thought , the base is 2x2 and it 's about 4 feet tall without wheels . I could probably fit in it if I were sitting down . I like that it 's so big , I have two female rats , and they need a lot of room to explore . It 's basically a rattie mansion . And I love that it has plastic shelves so they wont hurt their feet . I have had no problems with my girls escaping , and one of them is a smaller rat . They just love it so much , it 's really perfect for rats . Plus the bedding it came with is wonderful !! I instantly went out and bought another bag because it 's just amazing . The only negative thing I have to say is it 's a little hard to put together . The pieces take a lot of force to get together , and it 's hard to move them around where you need them when there inside the cage . It took me over two hours to complete . I would definitely suggest getting someone to help you with putting it together . If you want the perfect cage for your rats then you should get ths .
 I bought this cage for four female rats . Three of them are adults and one still a baby . My initial concern was that bar spacing would be too wide . For an adult , this is not a problem , but the young one definitely can -LRB- and has -RRB- squeezed through the bars . Fortunately , she does n't seem interested in climbing out of the cage . I figure its because shes noticed that the others ca n't squeeze out , and is n't excited to escape by herself.I bought this cage just a week or two back . So far , i 'm pretty fond of it . Its spacious with plenty of room for cage accessories and playing rats , and the cage itself is fairly attractive . My rats seem to enjoy it . Its pretty luxurious considering the price.Setting up the cage was somewhat difficult but not overly so . I did it mostly by myself in about an hour . Despite the claim `` no tools required , '' you indeed need a philips screw driver to attach the casters to the bottom of the cage . Putting together that little spiral slide was infuriatingly difficult , and my boyfriend actually broke a small piece off the little flimsy thing . The cage comes with a door on the top , which made putting the shelves inside about a million times easier . Over all , assembly was n't rocket science.This cage was indeed made for ferrets , but there 's no way that spiral slide would hold up to a grown ferret . It wobbles and shakes under the weight of one of my little rats . I 'm not sure how the rest of the cage will stand the test of time , but so far it seems pretty sturdy . If you had your heart set on this cage for a ferret , I 'd suggest going to the superpet website and buying an extra tube or a ramp to replace the slide . -LSB- ... -RSB-
 Bought this for my two chins last year and my only issue is their poo gets caught on the levels and bounces out when they run around . They love squeezing through the slide and sleeping in the tunnel . The hammock comes with it but got chewed apart quickly . I paid $ 80 on amazon and at the petstores it 's usually $ 100-130 . They 're happy and love to race around it at night . The bottom door is a perfect ramp for when you call them back to their cage after a free run around the house and all 3 doors allow easy cleaning without removing the shelves.CLEANING
 This is a very nice cage for rats -LRB- more than 1 -RRB- . It has 3 access doors , one for each level , that gives you access to the small animal -LRB- s -RRB- at any area of the cage . It works wonderful for rats as well , however , if they are n't adults you will have to use some kind of mesh until they are fully grown . -LRB- They can get out at certain locations if not -RRB- . Other than that it is large , but you can move it around easily due to the wheeled bottom .
 I only spent 80 something on my cage . Its for three largish rats . If you have something smaller than maybe a medium rat , the spaces between the bars of the cage in the corner may be too large , something to keep in mind ... But my rats are huge fat boys so its perfect . I had a smaller box type cage before , and this one is a HUGE upgrade . My boys love it and it seems rather sturdy and well made . The tubes have held together over the weekend , and no major flaws yet . I 'm actually really pleased with it , and after adding a couple of water bottles on different levels and a house , the rats seem to dig it too . On time delivery and free shipping with super saver , a really good deal .
 I found this cage at a local retail store at a clearance price -LRB- Petco -RRB- . It is a good sized cage , it comes to my mid chest , and is 2 ft x 2 ft width . But , it is a bugger to assemble . I recommend not attaching the cage to base until after you have the ramps and platforms in place . It probably took me two hours . But , it was worth it to see how happy my rats were to have all the space ! The bars are horizontal , making it easy for them to climb . But , the bars are spaced far enough apart , that if you have young rats , they can get through . We added a couple of young ones , and I had to wrap the entire exterior of the cage with aluminum window screen to prevent escapes . Once they are big enough , I can remove the screen.And , it is a little hard to clean . since it 's so hard to put the platforms in , the last thing you want to do is remove them to clean . But , it a little agility , they can be cleaned . Also , with the slide , and ramp , there is n't much room on the platforms to add anything extra , such as a wheel . But , they love going up and down the ramps and slide !
 I actually did n't purchase this cage , it was tossed by someone next to our dumpster -LRB- presumably because the rolling part was broken - I did n't care ! -RRB- so I brought it inside and sanitized EVERYTHING several times over . Once I was satisfied , I introduced my boys to it - then the Jazz trio of Rollo , Louis and Steve - and they loved it ! Since their passing , five more rats have called it home and I 've only ever had one that was clever enough to get out of it . That was fixed quickly with some wire clips and since then I 've had no complaints!The plastic is durable and none of my rats have been able to severely damage it by chewing . It has more than enough room for hammocks or sleep sacks and I love how deep the bottom container is . I do n't have to worry about bedding being tossed out anymore with this ! I would definitely recommend this cage to anyone who has had rats or for a first-time owner , and if I had to , I would spend the money on it . I love this cage!P.S . The only reason I do n't feel comfortable giving five stars is that I have n't been able to review it complete - as in with the wheels on the base and such . I 'm sure if mine still had those , this would be a five-star review !
 Out chinchilla loves it !!! shipped and recieved quckly . product exactly as described.I am very happy with the product and the service .
 This cage is great . My ferrets love this new cage . I love the different levels of this cage . this was a great purchase
 We bought this for our ferret and while it was fine the first week he started to potty on the levels and not in his tray at the bottom , Quick fix was to make the levels a bit slanted and it works , He can climb to his top hammock but will not potty on them as he does not like the fact that they are at an angle , So now he walks down and goes in his potty tray .
 Great cage for the money . I have no complaints . It is actually a little better than I pictured when I saw the price . If you want a good cage at a good price this is it , if you want a really nice cage , keep looking and prepare to spend 2-3 times the money .
 My fish LOVE this food . They are so much more active and approach the glass throughout the day in hopes of feeding time . This was not the case prior to use of this food . Even my cats go crazy over the smell of this stuff . It really does smell like fish . -LRB- In a good way . -RRB-
 My Frontosa loved this food . Really brought out the colors and increased growth rate . Highly recomended .
 My African cichlids love the NLS Cichlid Formula fish food . I ordered the food and in a short time received my order . I would order online again .
 I 've been using nls for quite a few years and not only does it seem to color fish up more than a lot of other foods but fish love it too.The price was good here at amazon , ... what more is there to say ?
 We love this . Only complaint , it is expensive . Our cichlids love it ; they look very healthy . Shipments are always on time .
 My mixed mbuna gobble this stuff up . I also feed OSI 's spirulina flake . Nice to have the mix of flake and pellet in the feeding frenzy , as well as some variety for the fish diet , but they seem to go after this food with a little more vigor . Plenty of food , lasts a long time . Pellet size was a little smaller than I expected ; might go with the larger size next time . Fish eat it quickly , but I feel like it would be easier deliver more food more quickly without it reaching bottom with a larger pellet size . Still , this works fine , particularly for mbuna that have n't reached full size .
 Great stuff , my cichlids enjoy it a lot . I have tried a few other types of food but this was a good choice . Packaging was great and no problems with shipment .
 I have 4 cichlids who seem to love this food . It sinks pretty quickly to the bottom if not eaten immediately . However it does not disintegrate -LRB- like flake food -RRB- and the fish pick it off the bottom so it is not a problem . The fish have stayed colorful and vibrant .
 I recently switched to a 125 gallon tank and bought a lot of African cichlids . This included
 This food is great.My chiclids love it and it really brought out their color . The fish look healthier and more active .
 I got the Air Kong Squeaker Dog Bone for my yellow Labrador retriever , Daisy , about eight months ago . She loved the squeak , which is -LRB- was -RRB- very pleasant and not loud and annoying like some of her other squeaky toys . We play fetch a lot and she enjoys running after it and bringing it back to us . She 's a chewer and it did n't take long for her to start chewing on this toy . For a while I thought it was going to survive her teeth , but alas , after a few weeks she had made it through the fabric and into the rubber . It did n't take long before the squeaker was gone -LRB- she missed that and tried for the longest time to make it squeak again -RRB- and then the bone shape started shrinking as she chewed off the rubber in pieces.We still have what 's left of the toy and we still play fetch with it some , but mostly Daisy just likes to chew it and pull off more rubber . -LRB- She does n't swallow it . -RRB- The bone is about half its original size now , but I do n't really mind . In fact , I 'll be buying her another one in the near future . A ten dollar investment for her to chew on for many months is n't so bad when you look at how many shoes and other things she has n't chewed and how much she 's enjoyed it !
 great product - got 2 - one for each of my pitbulls and they can not destroy them - they love the squeaker - drives them nuts but hours of great play - good size to play fetch with - only thing negative when they get wet they are soggy and heavy .
 Awesome toy , our chocolate lab loves it . It would be an even better toy if the squeaker could be internal , our lab has repeatedly punctured the squeakers and disabled them too quick . With or without the squeaker , this is one toy any dog would love to have .
 We have a 75lb . puppy who is a heavy chewer . He 's had this toy for a couple of weeks now and it has held up well . This bone is surprisingly heavy . He loves laying down with this bone as there are squeakers at both ends and in the middle which grabs and keeps his attention .
 My dog usually shreds squeaky toys in a matter of minutes , but she 's been playing with this one every day for weeks and it 's still going strong !
 I know Kong air dog toys to be great quality . I bought this because of how much my dog liked the air dog squeaker stick . Too bad I did n't realize it was a small bone I meant to order a medium or large .
 I have a standard Dachshund mix , he loves this toy , we play fetch with it all the time , only problem is he likes to rip the tennis covering off .
 I purchased the medium size as my Yorkshire Terrier is a bit on the larger size and I think it 's the right fit.He loves carrying it around , chewing on it , and making her squeak!I 've had it a few weeks and it seems quite durable . I also purchased the bowling pin squeaker and my Yorkie managed to rip the `` tennis ball '' covering off it in when I was not paying attention .
 No other manufacturer make strong toys like Kong does . They are the ONLY toys our German Shepherds can not destroy with their powerful teeth . AND , they love playing with them .
 We were having a hard time finding a squeaky toy that are bnt coonhound puppy would n't destroy . She enjoys this one . The squeak is loud and this toy is tough . The tennis ball fabric has gotten very furry though which makes it get dirty easily .
 I have 2 dogs -LRB- Doberman/Lab mix and Border Collie mix -RRB- and both of them love the Kong squeaker toys . They have had several of the bone shaped ones . I do n't mind that they strip the yellow fuzz off , because they still love to play with them regardless . The only complaint I have is that once they find the squeaker its not long before they can get it popped out . My dogs are heavy chewers and these seem to hold up for a long time before the inevitable total destruction occurs .
 I have two dogs
 A VERY nice , fun , durable , squeekie toy . Cagnis loves to run around the house with it ! It 's not like most squeek toys where Cagnis chews right threw them and they end up all over my floor ! Cagnis gives her thanks ! Congrats on the great product ; -RRB- ~
 This is a great toy for dogs who love chewing tennis balls ! It 's very clever -- a good shape for them to get their mouths around -LRB- less thick than a tennis balls -RRB- , but with the same fabric and hardness and resistance they love . My girl is a power chewer , but she 's only medium size , so she ca n't really get her mouth around a whole tennis ball . This is perfect for her . She has destroyed every other chew toy I 've bought for her -LRB- except the traditional rubber Kongs -- she does n't like them , wo n't touch them -RRB- , but this one has actually lasted quite a while and is still going ! Good , fast delivery , too . Highly recommend .
 I have been buying Kong products for about three years . I started with the large footballs as I have two GSDs . They loved to play fetch with the large footballs , and they had great bounce . As I am a girl , I throw like a girl so I needed all of the extra umph they could get.One day , I bought the bone . My youngest GSD loves bones and this product is no exception . Both dogs love the squeker . They will walk around with the bone hanging out of their mouths like an old time cigerret just squeking away . I can also throw this product and it has some bounce for added fun . The girls will then play tug-of-war with it , which is something they could not do with the football . Eventally they will bring it back to me and we start the fun again.Yes , if they are left with the bone alone , the will start pulling off the tennis ball covering and will chew on the rubber . Even though they are GSDs , they seldom puncture the squeker hole so this toy keeps on squeking . Even when they have torn the toy in half , they will still play fetch with the ends.I also have a pool and they love to play with these in the pool . This is how mine break-up faster than if they were just dry water toys , because water will eventually get inside and it will break-up faster.I no longer buy any other AirKong products as this is their favortie . It allows them lots of hours of play.I highly recommend the product . Keep it out of water if you can , because they will last longer . Expect that if you leave it with your dog all of the time they are likely to take off the tennis ball material . I know my dogs will eventally break up most toys , but these will give them months of enjoyment before I have to buy new ones.Thanks AirKong for another great product !
 This product survives the rough and tough play of my rotties . These same dogs chew up the original Kongs into pieces , but not this item . And they love it ! I bought the Football , the Dumbbell , and the Bone and they are all favorites with the gang !
 This is another great toy for the squeaker obsessed large dog . Mine goes throughout the house carrying it around with him .
 This first part of the review is being added months after the original review was written : After reading many of the one and two star reviews I am compelled to comment.Come on people , every dog who is an aggressive chewer will destroy any toy eventually . Of course , a responsible owner will monitor every toy his pet is using . I 'm writing this after providing my dog with another new `` Squeaker Bone '' and having her remove 50 % of the yellow cover in the first 30 minutes . I know she is an aggressive chewer and that is the reason I buy at least two of these toys at a time.I do n't expect any dog toy to last forever . I search for toys that will last longer than the average . My dog is an extremely aggressive chewer and I 'm happy to continue to use this product knowing I must monitor her destruction of it . I 'm OK with her tearing off the cover almost immediately after she starts to play with it . It gives her pleasure and that 's what I want to do for her . -LRB- As an aside , I suppose I could give her an auto tire to chew on . The thing is , she probably would n't play with it . So , even though it would last forever , what would be the point ?? -RRB- Below is the original review : Does your dog destroy most toys ? Do you cringe when you purchase a stuffed toy knowing you 'll be picking up the shredded parts from the floor the very next day ? You may have discovered buying cheap dog toys just is n't a good idea.If so , this toy may be what you have been searching for . Like most dog owners I was aware of the durability of the hard rubber Kong brand toy . I also found my dog was uninterested in playing with one unless it was stuffed with food or smeared with peanut butter.Well , this one is different . It 's a Kong hard rubber dog toy covered with a durable fabric . It seems the fuzzy fabric surface will keep my dog 's interest and keep her chewing it while the sturdy rubber interior keeps the toy from being totally destroyed in the first day . The hollow center make it just soft enough for her to squeeze , while the squeaky noise-maker helps to keep her interest.Eventually she will tear the fabric completely off . After a longer time , she will even begin to chew the hard rubber into fragments causing me to have to discard the remains of the toy . But , it 's far , far more durable than anything else I 've found . It 's definitely a value for the money . My dog is a young , 44 pound , Australian Shepherd . I believe this toy is the largest one Kong makes and it 's just the right size for her.It lasts longer than any other chew toy I 've found.After pricing these at both of my national chain pet stores , the price on Amazon was less expensive . I buy two at a time and also one of the football shapes for variety . As of this writing , my dog has been playing with it daily for over a month . The fabric is totally gone , but it 's still her favorite toy.It may be just what you are searching for .
 This seems way more durable than the other squeak bones we have purchased . Only down side is my dog -LRB- 60lb lab -RRB- is not quiet strong enough to make it squeak , but our foster lap -LRB- 70 + lbs -RRB- has no problem making it squeak all day
 Excellent play toy for my black lab and border collie . They can easily carry it in their mouths and makes a lovely squeak :-RRB- Pretty sturdy ... the outside material wears off but the toy itself holds together well .
 We 're on our second Kong squeaker bone , but it 's a pretty good toy and my pup loves it . When we got the first one -LRB- she was about 3 months old -RRB- I made the mistake of letting her `` play '' solo with it for awhile . She ate most of the fuzz pretty quickly so it became a `` fetch only '' toy . 7 months later it has almost no fuzz , the squeaker is gone and the rubber is cracked open -LRB- probably because it was lost in the snow for 2 weeks and froze -RRB- . So I got another which is still intact a few weeks later with almost daily use -LRB- outdoor fetching only -RRB- . I 'll be buying another but it 's definitely not a chew toy for quiet time .
 My 80lb Rhodesian/Lab mix has gone through 3 or 4 different dog beds and we 've liked each of them , but we LOVE this one ! It 's so soft & plush and we 've had it for over 9 months now and it 's tough & still looks brand new . My dog has torn every other bed or it 's flattened out , but this one is holding up great !
 To be honest , I do not own a huge dog -LRB- my pup is only 10 pounds -RRB- ... so why did I get the huge bed ? I have a good , old-fashioned bamboo mama-san -LRB- bowl -RRB- chair that I have not been able to part with . However , the cushions get well worn and can be lumpy or simply not in colors that I would like . I decided to try the largest size dog bed and it is a PERFECT fit ! It is far superior in cushioning and so comfy that my family fights over who gets to sit in the chair . We even bought a second one and now have one as a floor cushion for lounging on . These are HIGH quality , well-made and come in fabrics that match my furniture , so they are WELL worth purchasing ... EVEN if you have a BIG DOG that is going to use it instead of a big kid !
 I gave my ferrets a bath one month ago with only Marshall 's shampoo without this creme rinse . They smelled great for an hour . . but their hair was kind of hard & rough , and the next day they smelled worse than before a bath . This month I used this product after the shampoo , and their hair was soft after the bath and continues smelling good . The bath was 3 days ago , so I do n't think they will suddenly start smelling bad . This is a great product , and I highly recommend it .
 I sprinkle some in my chili for that added flavor . Ok , I 'm kidding but seriously though my fish ask for this stuff by name ! I 've been using it for years and have fat and healthy fish
 This is hands down one of the best . All of my fish love it , Clownfish , purple tangs , powder blue tang , flame wrasses , mystery wrasses , anthers , cleaner shrimp they all gobble it up . Just a quality product period . You cant go wrong with this all around food .
 Everybody seems to like it . The shrimps pick up as many as they can carry and run off with half the feeding .
 My aquarium store dealer recommended New Life Spectrum pellets to me & so far all of my fish & invertebrates are eating it very well . I have yellow tail damsels , a blue velvet damsel & a 3-stripe damsel that snatch the pellets from either the surface water or when it gently floats down . My fish have very small mouths so sometimes they have to bite the pellets multiple times to eat it . Whatever pellets they miss my cleaner shrimp grab them from the sand floor or on top of live rocks . Sometimes the pellets land on my sea anemone or polyps and they eat them too ! I still feed my marine fish frozen mysis about once or twice a week , but I feed the New Life Spectrum pellets the rest of the week .
 Great Product ! Fish absolutely love it!This product is great for use in the Eheim automatic feeder . It keeps me from wondering if I fed my fish .
 This is the first dry food I 've feed my fish and they just love it . Needed it for my auto feeder and works perfect . could n't be happier .
 My fish -LRB- Foxface , Butterfly , Blue Hippo Tang , Yellow Tang , Clowns , Green and Yellow Chromids , Skunk Shrimp , and Coral Beauty -RRB- love this food . They just gobble it up . I feed this as a supplement from an autofeeder along with some frozen foods but while on vacation they just eat this and are always very satisfied .
 My fish love this food especially my fat blenny gobbles this stuff up . I bought because of the reviews and I 'm not disapointed . It seems to be healthy and their colors are great and vibrant . I 've even seen some of this stuff float into my corals and they eat this stuff too ? I would recommend this to everyone and I would purchase again .
 I 've used NLS pellets before this purchase , and they were always something my fish enjoy and seem to flourish with.I have a mix of smaller tetras , with some giant danios and angelfish so this is a great size that seems easy for both the smaller and the larger fish to manage , and I was glad to find this size pellet available .
 Typical Ingredients
 The pellets are a bit small and they do sink relatively quickly . I actually unplug my filter for the feeding tome to not have too much get sucked in . The fish loves them and attack it voraciously . Buying the big bucket will save a lot of time and money although it is much to much for the amount of fish i have . But my friends and family gladly will take some off my hands .
 This food is the best ! My cichlids in all 9 tanks attack it as soon as it hits the water ! Their color is awesome ! Would n't feed anything else !
 We have several aquarium tanks and a small pond populated by cichlids . This food is perfect for them . We do have some live plants that we add to the tanks , but we are persuaded that the food itself would be enough . One very big plus is how little mess this food leaves behind ; maybe the fish just like it and eat it , but the tanks are much cleaner . We like it !
 I fed this to my Malawi cichlids for several years ! They throughly enjoyed it and would eat every bit of it . Even my non-cichlid fish would gobble it up as soon as they could !
 the best price over the internet !!!!!!! Good quality fish food.fast shipping , a real bargain for the price . I had used over 4 different brand and this is the one that work for me in the sense of color , nutrition value and the most important of all you could feed any African Cichlid without killing the fish .
 This product saved me 2/3 cost over buying it over the shelf . I have large fish that go through this food like crazy . So if you have a lot of chiclids then you would appriciate this product .
 This food is excellent for African Cichlids . I use it to fee my business livestock . It promotes health and color . It can be used to feed most cichlids from 1 inch to 14 inches . The supplier I bought it from had a low price and delivered it quickly .
 I my name is Lori an i have been using this product for a while . It as costing me a lot of time and money to keep buying the littl jar at the pet store , then i found this , it came straight to my door and should last me 6 months at least love buying i bulk its the best ...
 My fish love this food . Not a pellet is wasted , it is all consumed rather quickly . My fish have always had good color , this is helping them keep their vibrance . Happy fish , happy owner .
 My cichlids love this food , though I have n't seen any changes in their appereance . The size is ideal . Pellets stays 2 or 3 seconds on the surface until they sink . The fish can identify them easily and keep feeding from the ground .
 This is a great deal for anyone who has many Cichlids . The cost is most reasonable.I will do business with this company again .
 Fish just love it , and they are doing great . Food does n't cloud the water and the fish look good .
 Well you may find this find expensive but the quality of the food and the colors that you will see in your fish are priceless . It will take you forever to finish it because of the small size of the bites . My Frontosas love it and they do n't want anything else .
 Well known as a staple food for cichlids , this is one of their favorites . Depending on your fish , two pellet sizes may be best . They all seemto like the smaller pellets best , leading me to believe they may coat it differently or something .
 My corals love it , too ! Some eat the whole pellet , for others I grind a few pellets . I do that in my vitamix with a little water after pre-soaking for a few minutes . My corals have better color than ever and I believe they do grow faster . Also my Lawnmower Blenny , an algae eater , is crazy about this food.It 's so funny watching him chasing the pellets .
 My 80lb Rhodesian/Lab mix has gone through 3 or 4 different dog beds and we 've liked each of them , but we LOVE this one ! It 's so soft & plush and we 've had it for over 9 months now and it 's tough & still looks brand new . My dog has torn every other bed or it 's flattened out , but this one is holding up great !
 To be honest , I do not own a huge dog -LRB- my pup is only 10 pounds -RRB- ... so why did I get the huge bed ? I have a good , old-fashioned bamboo mama-san -LRB- bowl -RRB- chair that I have not been able to part with . However , the cushions get well worn and can be lumpy or simply not in colors that I would like . I decided to try the largest size dog bed and it is a PERFECT fit ! It is far superior in cushioning and so comfy that my family fights over who gets to sit in the chair . We even bought a second one and now have one as a floor cushion for lounging on . These are HIGH quality , well-made and come in fabrics that match my furniture , so they are WELL worth purchasing ... EVEN if you have a BIG DOG that is going to use it instead of a big kid !
 My fish are doing great . I 'm a co owner of Ashmoor Aquatic Design in Broward county Florida . We have a lot of fish and more tanks up and running than you would expect . This food keeps our community fish healthy and our tanks clean . We love it .
 I bought a large jar of this some time ago , and it is still nearly full . I expect the jar will last longer than my fish ! It does n't take much . The little grains sink , and my fish -LRB- if they notice -RRB- catch some as they float down to the bottom . My fish are doing great . They are very healthy and do not get sick , even when tank conditions are less than perfect . My angel fish has gotten very large , and my beta and catfish are doing well on this food also . This company took time to research the nutritional needs of fish and develop the perfect food for them . I researched this and other foods before settling on this one and I am not disappointed . It was also recommended by Arizona Aquatic Gardens in their aquarium secrets page -LRB- -LSB- ... -RSB- -RRB- . It has a lot of useful information . Hope this helps !
 This is the best staple food I 've tried to date . My Fish love it and if they are inadvertantly overfed -LRB- kid 's -RRB- is forgiving on water quality . A note if you have smaller tetras or simular , might try the smaller pellet size .
 I have several medium-sized cichlids , a few huge clown loaches , and one big `` something '' -LRB- looks like a parrot fish , but is n't -RRB- . They seem to like this food . The pellets are pretty small and they sink like a lead weight . The fish try to eat the pellets as they sink . But inevitably , most of the pellets sink to the bottom . That 's okay because most Cichlids are bottom-feeders . I 've only been using this food for a few weeks . My fish appear to be healthy & lively . Plus , this food does not make the water cloudy at all . I wish more companies would make more types of `` floating food '' . When you can see the fish actually eating from the surface , you can better judge how much to feed them . And this helps to avoid over-feeding which leads to a dirty tank .
 Size of pellet good starting size when attempting to switch discus from frozen foods to the more convenient dry . It did , however , take over a week for most of the fish to start nibbling on em
 This food is incredible . My discus including breeders eat the pellets and the flake also -LRB- aquabid/flydude -RRB- . Get your discus off any live food and on the pellets and flake . Also the grow for fry . I grind this up and add it to beefheart to make a beefheart paste , fry love it as well as guppies and all fish . Well worth the extra expense .
 At firest seems a little stiff , but this brush works well , does n't pinch the skin , Recommended .
 No more wisps of doghair floating around the room ! This brush collects pet hair and builds a little `` mat of fur '' that is easily removed from the brush for disposal . This little tool will absolutely reduce the amount of pet dander in your home . Works well with both short and long haired dogs .
 This is the best brush I have ever used on my dogs ! Removes loose hair easily and quickly and does not hurt their skin . Very inexpensive . I bought two this time , as they are always sold out in the pet shops . Amazon is great ! Super fast shipping ... and a great way to shop !! Four Paws Ultimate Touch Massaging Brush
 We have a long hair cat this brush works great and does n't pull the hair . The bristles are wide and not close together like the comb type which pulls the hair .
 This looked like a great brush , hwever it is not self cleaning and I thought it was . I returned it because of that . Other than that it was brand new and a good size for a medium sized dog .
 Excellent tool at removing excess/lose hair without tangling or getting caught in the fur . The plastic prongs slide through the hair much easier than similar metal ones I 've used .
 Discus love these ; give them time . Do n't feed them anything else in the morning until they eat these . Better Health .
 I 'm a UT fan , so that means my dog is a UT fan . This collar fit him perfectly ! He loves it and so do I !
 Purchased for an UT alumni and both owner and dog love it . I would recommend this to anyone from UT !
 This is exactly what I was looking for when I wanted a UT collar for my dog . The small fit my Shih Tzu perfectly !!! Excellent , quality product .
 I bought a kong and could n't get out any of the peanut butter I had stuck in the bottom rung with a knife . I ran it through the dishwasher and it would n't come out . I scrubbed it and it would n't come out , but this got it out quickly and I 'm very satisfied with it . If you get your kong messy , I highly recommend it .
 Based on the photo and description , I assumed that this package contained 2 different sized brushes . I must have ordered the Small to Medium size which works great on the 1 small Kong that I have . The bottom of the handle twists open to reveal a finer brush that you can use to clean out the top hole of a traditionally shaped Kong . While I use the small/medium to clean primarily larger Kong 's , it still works great although I 'm considering ordering the larger size .
 I took a chance on this item , thinking that it may or may not work on the particular Kong toys that my dog has . I have only used it , so far , on theKONG Classic Kong Dog Toy , Large , Red . It cleans it perfectly , so I expect it to work just fine on the other Kong items .
 I got the Extra large brush . It works great !! Cleans the Kongs out with ease .
 I have always had difficulty getting Kong toys clean . When I had a dishwasher in my apartment I used that although it seemed to make the rubber break down more quickly -LRB- maybe excess heat ? -RRB- . This gets all that dried-on , gooey , peanut butter mess cleaned up without much work and it keeps the rubber in the toys in good condition .
 I have 3 Kongs - 2 large and one extra-large . The big one was easier to clean out , but the large size kept having food stuck up toward the small end . This cleaning brush worked perfectly ! the brush is shaped exactly like the interior of the Kong and once inserted , it cleans out any residue left by the dogs . It works well on the big one , too . The little mini-brush in the handle inserts into the top end of the Kong and frees up anything left there . I was concerned because one reviewer said that the handle broke when using it . I have n't found any problem with it , but I do use it with care after reading that review . The suction cup on the bottom is a bonus . I just slap it onto the sink when I 'm done to have it drain dry .
 Fits inside Kong perfectly , inside the handle is a removable small brush for the tiny hole at the small end of the Kong . It 's always difficult to get everything out of a Kong , and bacteria can build in it if not properly cleaned . The brush itself is dishwasher safe so it too can be thoroughly cleaned . Only downside is when removing the brush , any liquids inside the Kong tend to splatter but that can not be helped . Great idea .
 This brush is ingenious ! It 's also well designed and seems to be very well made . The shape of the brush reaches every nook of the inside of the Kongs . There 's even a smaller brush stored in the handle for the little hole at the top of the Kongs , but I have n't used it . I soak the Kongs in soap and water first , then a few twists of the brush and they 're clean!The only thing I 'd change is putting some silicone on the handle so it 's easier to grip when wet.I used to hate cleaning Kongs ... mostly because I do 8 at a time -LRB- because I fill them for the whole week -RRB- . Sometimes I stick them in the dishwasher , but a lot of times the timing is off and I need to fill the Kongs before the dishwasher is full . Now that I have this brush , I no longer dread Kong cleaning day !
 Dirty kongs can get pretty disgusting . I like using this much more than my hands . It 's a quality brush . I wish there were some way to bend it , tho .
 I have a red ear slider , He loves this food . I like to buy him different types all the time and he was happy with this brand .
 My turtle likes these , though the uneaten parts can make the tank pretty messy , so I use these when I 'm a week or two from cleaning the tank !
 I went out of town for a week and immediately fed the turtle when I got back . She usually eats everything immediately , but she did not eat it all and it sat there and turned to mush -LRB- but was still floating ! -RRB- Then the feeder fish would not eat it which is strange because they always used to go after `` ReptoMin '' I fed her again right next to the mush and she wound up eating the new stuff and the mush ... It 's probably good to buy this cheap stuff -LRB- best vale I could find with super saver shipping -RRB- and also buy some good stuff for a little variety . I 'm no veterinarian though !
 My aquatic YBS turtles really like this food . The feeder fish eat it too . This is part of their everyday diet . Much cheaper on Amazon then elsewhere .
 I was no able to find this product at many different fish stores near my home , only different brands . Do n't replace the hole kit there is no need .
 Received this cage in about 5 days . Opened it up and was dissapointed to find the base was cracked . Called the company on Monday and had my replacement base and wheels on Thursday . Great customer service.The cage is bigger than I expected and my 8 lb rabbit is able to stand up in all parts of the cage , which she loves . lots of botton room even with a medium little pan . The floor is made of 2 sections of hard plastic with small oval openings for `` stuff '' to fall through to pan . It took her 24 hours to acclimate to the ramps but she is all over the place and loves being up high when we pass the cage to get extra rubbies.The cage is in three parts in addition to the base . The lower half , upper half of metal cage and top . The cage was simple enough to assemble but did need a little strength to manipulate the cage halves to fasten together -LRB- 2 clips -RRB- . Once the cage was assembled , it is very sturdy and the wheels are very secure and go all directions.Love this cage - Worth the money
 I got this cage for my holland lop . He Loves the platforms , he goes up and down and sleeps on different levels although he likes the 3rd floor best . It took him a couple weeks to get to the top and I didnt pressure him , He got to the first level after 2 weeks and then a week or so later he made it to the top.The cage is much larger then I imagined and they picture led me to believe , but it doesnt take up any less space then any other rabbit cage out there . what I like is that he gets more room without taking up any additional floor space -LRB- important for NYC living -RRB- . The main selling point was that it has the pull out tray which makes for easy cleaning . I find it pretty effective , with the minor exception that since rabbits pee in corners and stuff the corners and under the grate can get pretty gross . I find that I can put kitty litter in the drawer and it works well because the bunny cant eat it and it absorbs the pee . My bunny has long fur and I wanted it to stay clean.It was very easy to assemble and the bottom of the cage is very soft on bunny feet . It is very sturdy and well made out of quality materials . I like the pee guard which keeps pee and hay from ending up all over the floor.If I had the choice I would probably get this cage again . I only gave it 4 stars because it has the hard to clean ledge under the grate that collects poop and stuff .
 This cage is exactly what is shown in the photograph . I found it easy to put together and I have never seen my dwarf bunny happier .
 My Corgi seems to do better with this tablet . 1/2 in the morning and 1/2 at night . Her desire to run and play has increased since being on this tab for over a year now . Her soreness from exercise doesnt seem to last like it did before starting her on the Arthogen . Best of all , she will take it without me having to disguise it !
 this stuff has really helped our 17 yr . old chihuahua ! i fhe does n't take this for a few days he gets wobbly !
 I have to say my blacklab loves this toy and it is very durable cause not many of his toys last that long and this one is still in great shape .
 I have a two year old gernman shepherd who thinks this is the greatest object in the world . He will not go to sleep at night without it . He has other toys but this is the one he goes for first . He will play for hours with it by himself . It is discontinued so if you do n't have one you may not get one .
 We are amazed that our two cats -LRB- 6 months and 2 years -RRB- both love this thing . In fact , our younger cat is NUTS over it ! She nibbles on my husband 's ankle until he will play with her using the toy.If your cat `` sings '' when looking out the window at birds , squirrels or other animals , then you know the sound to expect when you and your cat play with this toy . They concentrate very hard , keep their eye on the cardboard hooked on the wire and then jump VERY high to try to capture it . I think because the wire is so thin , they do n't see the wire and thnk the cardboard pieces are flying around in the air . Maybe the cardboard looks like flying insects to them.To be clear - this is just a wire with some pieces of cardboard on it , but just because it is extremely simple should not detract from its excellent functionality -LRB- amuses cats -RRB- and the other side benefits -LRB- amuses humans -RRB- . You will not believe how much fun you and your cat -LRB- s -RRB- can have with this toy until you buy it . Look - it 's cheap ! Just try it !
 The cats love this so much that they find where I hide it and bring it to me to play ... Great exercise for them and they wear me out playing with them .
 I want to take off one star because I feel ridiculous spending three bucks on some wire and cardboard scraps , but this is the best cat toy I 've ever bought . I 'll probably just add something else to the end of it when the cardboard gets destroyed.The toy is just a long piece of semi-stiff wire with a few pieces of rolled cardboard on the end of it . The wire works so well with cats because it creates a pretty good wobble / bounce that kind of resembles a bug flying around . I shut the end of the toy into a low storage closet door in my room so I do n't have to hold it all the time . The cat plays with it constantly and gets so mad at it . It even beat out the more expensive automatic laser I bought him . It 's cheap and it works . I recommend it .
 Do not let the simplicity of the design fool you -LRB- a fairly springy wire with bits of rolled cardboard at the ends -RRB- - no cat can resist ! Every cat we 've owned over the years -LRB- and any cat we 've given one of these to -RRB- ADORES this toy.The wire is much tougher than you would think , and it 's unpredictable , darting movements work with the little bits of cardboard - guess it must resemble a bug or something when in movement . We 've tried attaching a small bit of string to the end , but our cats have always preferred it sans string.Since the wire comes coiled , you might want to straighten it a bit before you use it ; depending how intensely your cats play , you might want some distance between your fingers and their claws !
 Very simple toy , stiff metal wire with paper tied to both ends , you hold one end and it moves back and forth because it is not a string but just a long pice of metal wire , you would never know somthing this simple could be so effective . My cat loves this toy its amazing how simple it is and how much my cat goes crazed over it . . its like crack to him , you will see your cat jump and chase after this . I was surprised how effective this toy was , we own may toys similar to this one bought at the major pet stores , after buying so many toys and not seeing him interested I decided to purcahse this one based upon the reviews . . at the moment we definitely got our money 's worth ! My only concern is that is made of a metal wire , nothing has happened to him and we only use this toy supervised !
 Anyone who owns a cat knows that the best toys are the simplest . A shoelace , a crumpled-up pipe cleaner , a paper bag , and of course the old standby , a cardboard box -- cats love these things ! So it makes sense that the Cat Dancer , which is so simply made out of paper and wire , would be such a hit.The best thing about this toy is the way it moves . The wire makes it swing and sway in a manner that very closely imitates the flight of a small creature such as a moth or fly . Cats go wild for the authentic `` prey '' movements . I have a five-month-old foster kitten right now with a LOT of excess energy , and I was able to tire him out with ten minutes of Cat Dancer play . He jumped and flipped and leaped all over the place trying to get it . I barely had to move!My older cat loves this too , and will often find hers and drag it over to a human if she wants to play . I 've never had any problems with her chewing the cardboard bits off or getting hurt by the wire . I do keep it away from my foster kittens when we 're not playing with it , though , just to be safe . Kittens will chew on just about anything .
 *** SAFETY WARNING *** I would NEVER EVER leave this product lying a round unsupervised ... it easily can become a noose and strangle your beloved kitty cat or cut off circulation in a limbAnd I 'm sorry , but $ 3 for a piece of wire and 5 twisted pieces of cardboard ... seriously ?!?!? Check your local pet store -LRB- maybe they are so cheap here in Madison b/c the manufacture is an hour from here -RRB- . I think $ 3 is especially expensive since they only last a couple of weeks at best.But with all that said ... . it 's a favorite in our house and is still highly recommended for even the laziest of cats !!!
 This is the 2nd Cat Dancer that I have purchased . The first was a gift for a friend who has very playful cats . After seeing them have such a blast , I decided to try it on my more docile feline.It came quickly and well packaged -LRB- not overly packaged like so many items these days -RRB- . Word of warning for fellow clutzes out there
 My cats can play with this for hours ! In fact , upon our first purchase , our orange tabby actually lost weight from running around trying to &#34; catch &#34; the end . I ended up buying 6 more to hand out to family cat-owners as well as back up for my own home - they do n't last forever . Plus it 's hilarious to watch them play . It is extraordinarily well-priced compared to pet stores , and you and your cat will be in for hours of fun .
 I can not say enough about how much this toy has entertained my many cats over the years . ... so inexpensive too . Holding the wire so that it curves UP is even better for play . They only get to play with it after they have allowed me to put on their harness that I am training them to adjust to , so I can walk them when I travel.I make sure that every day there is play tie with cat dancer . I drive 2000 miles in 3 days twice a year and they need exercise during this time as they are confined to their carriers , so walking on a leash is important . This toy is the trigger I use to get them into their harness , walking mode . NOTHING ELSE WORKED !!
 I had 2 dollars worth of fun in the first 5 minutes ! My cats went nuts over this thing ! Usually when I start to play with one cat , the other butts in and then neither cat wants to play . But they both were jumping together all over the place for this thing ! I think it 's because it kind of looks like something flying around , like a bug . They were jumping at it and batting at it and chasing it all over . And you do n't have to put much if any effort into moving it around really . The wire makes it bounce with just a little movement from you or when the cat touches it . Just be careful if you move it around too fast that you do n't accidentally smack the cat in the face with it .
 I have seen this product on Amazon for awhile but did n't understand what all the fuss was about . I decided to purchase the cat dancer when I was on here ordering my dog 's durachew bones . I felt guilty for getting the dog 's new toys without getting my beloved cat something special too , and since my cat already has just about everything else here on Amazon , I decided to give this a shot . WOW ! He went more nuts for this than any of his other toys ... even more than his laser dart and bolt , springs , or fling-a-ma string!I put it up and away when I 'm not playing with him because the metal piece that holds the rolled cardboard could hurt him if he chews on it , but he will still go looking for it or come meow at me non-stop til I take it out to play with him again.Just a note - the other reviewers are right - DO NOT LEAVE UNATTENDED BECAUSE YOUR CAT CAN HURT THEMSELVES if they chew on the ends . Check it periodically as it wears too , better to be safe than sorry.I wish it did n't have to be bought as an add-on only , but glad it 's available to buy at all because I 'll be needing more of these when he wears this one out ! Not bad for the price , but the joy it brings my cat is priceless !
 Don &#8217; t know what makes this so special but our 2-yr old adopted stray just goes crazy with this . In fact , the first time she ever played with it she was so out of breath that she was lying on the floor panting ! We had to take it away for a while . Then the two 14-year old cats decided to see what the intrigue was and also became hooked . Grant it , the old cats don &#8217; t play with it more than a few minutes at a time , but they &#8217; ll walk by and give it a swipe , then jump and catch the end in their mouths and walk away again . The end of this toy looks like cinnamon sticks but has no smell -LRB- to us -RRB- and is made of some indestructible cardboard-looking material . We &#8217; re buying a bunch more !
 I have 2 cats -- one about 8-9 pounds , petite , about 10 years old , tuxedo black and white named Sox . The other is about 15-18 pounds , a behemoth -LRB- though he needs to lose 5-7 lbs -RRB- Snowshoe named Rex . Sox was a shelter cat . When I first got him he hid for 3 days . It took me 8 months to be able to move on the bed without freaking him out and making him jump down and run and hide -- very , very skittish and easily spooked . I do n't know if it was a previous owner or the months spent in a 3 ' x 3 ' metal cage that made him this skittish . I adopted him because , at his age -LRB- 7-8 yrs when I found him in the shelter -RRB- , I had a feeling no one else would . He was so depressed he would not even come to the bars of his cage to be petted like all the other affection starved shelter cats . Rex was completely opposite -- aggressively affectionate , very dog-like , follows you around , quite playful.I tried to engage Sox in playing , but it was like he did n't know how to play . Feather toys -- nothin ' . Laser-pointer -- nothin ' . ping-pong balls and superballs -- NOTHING . String , cotton balls -- absolutely nothing . Meanwhile , Rex is going gonzo over all these toys ; loves 'em ; ca n't help himself ; is irresistibly drawn to all of them.Enter the Cat Dancer ! there 's a trick to it , but once you get it bouncing , they ca n't resist.Most amazing of all , my poor little cat that NEVER played came alive and started batting at it ! He could n't help himself -- wherever it went , he followed , trying to catch it with paws or with paws and mouth . I was amazed ! The cat who could n't and did n't play suddenly PLAYED!I think it is the unpredictability of the motion of the Cat Dancer . If you get it going just right , it bounces as bizarrely as a butterfly flitting from flower to flower -- and Sox went NUTS . well , not nuts , but as nuts as I 've ever seen him . Cat Dancer brought him out of his non-playing shell and now he chases the laser pointer , too.It 's a little tricky to handle , but once you get the hang of it , the cats will go nuts over it . The best way , I 've found , is to brace the end with only one piece of twisted cardboard in between your index and middle fingers , then use your thumb or ring finger to move the wire . A little motion on the &#34; handle &#34; end causes big motion on the &#34; play &#34; end with 3-5 cardboard twists , and because it 's wire , the motion is zig-zaggy and unpredictable.I realize that anything more than $ 0.25-0 .50 for a few pieces of twisted cardboard/paper and a piece of wire is ridiculously over priced , in terms of materials and manufacturing labor . And yet , I 'm happy to pay a huge markup because the cats love it , and I finally got my calm , quiet , non-playing , shy shelter cat out of his shell and playing for the first time since I got him . Score for the Cat Dancer and for me and Sox !
 The value for the cost of this product is amazing . That said , even ignoring the low cost this is a great cat toy . Easily my cat 's favorite and it 's something that the whole family can use with the cat . . even elderly folks can make the toy dance a little , which makes most cats flip out with excitement.My cat is about 10 years old and not quite as crazy as she use to be , but she can be in the middle of a nap and if someone grabs the cat dancer , she 's immediately up and jumping after it . Just awesome .
 my cat feels that this is the BEST thing EVER ! begs to play with it and will play until she is tired and then lays on top of it for a nap !
 The price is ridiculously cheap and my cat loves this toy . Take a chance . I do n't think you 'll be sorry .
 You ca n't go wrong with the Cat Dancer . I buy it for my clients , and keep 2 in my home for my own cat .
 i consider myself relatively creative professionally -LRB- am in marketing -RRB- so kept making a variety of what i thought would be fun toys for my cat . they ranged from simple to ornate - things you throw , things that move on their own , things that crawl , things that bounce , monochrome/colorful/etc . one day a colleague told me about this product , and from its description -LRB- a piece of wire with some wrapped paper -RRB- i was incredulous . she swore by it , so i bought it -LRB- cant beat the price -RRB- ... my cat was obsessed . no other toy could distract her and amuse her the way this one did . i 'd drag it and whip it around and she 'd chase it everywhere . i could wake her from her sleep just by the sound of it rubbing against the rug , and she 'd be off and chasing.she NEVER tired of this toy . and our new kitten -LRB- and her new friend -RRB- took to it right away as well.this ` toy ' pissed me off to no end because it was so basic and simple , and yet worked where my ornate and ` thought out ' toys -LRB- e.g. mini remote controlled cars with feathers attached -RRB- didnt .
 I was super-skeptical when I took this thing out of the bag.It is literally a length of wire with some twisted brown paper bits on the ends -LRB- kindof like pieces of the thin round handles on a brown paper shopping bag -RRB- . There 's one piece on the end that you hold , and maybe 4 or so on the target-end for the kitty . The stiffness of the wire is just perfect such that when you hold it lightly , and the cat bats at the end , it bounces and flies all over the place , with near-zero effort on your part . You can , of course , move it some more on your own and entertain the cat with more movement , but it works very well to just hold the wire lightly . I was a little worried that it might poke an eye out or something , but the ends of the wire are bent into loops so that should n't happen . It is a stiff , significant-gauge wire though . Really , it 's crazy-simple , but really effective . My kitten gets bored with the fancy feather wand I have for him , but he keeps going with the Cat Dancer until I take it away from him because I 'm too tired to hold it out and watch to be sure he does n't chomp down on too much wire . I would n't pay a lot for it , solely because I 'd feel like a dolt for shelling money out for wire and paper/cardboard twisty bits , but it 's a great toy .
 Both of my cats really love this and my wallet adores it because it 's cheap as well as being on the fairly durable side as well . My cats are active -LRB- they love to play , run after and catch things -RRB- and like to play two or three times a day . As several other reviewers have noted , you should keep a light grip/pinch on one end and that 's enough to make the other end swing and weave around in the air . Then , just roll your end between your fingertips a bit and it 'll bounce a bit and swing around and -LRB- hopefully -RRB- entice your kitties play with the other end . I 've also held it in the middle and let both cats go at their seperate end but it 's stiffer that way and does n't move as much.Boo is about four and half years old and the other , Poxie , is three . Poxie will play with anything that moves -LRB- or is shiney and will chew carboard for the heck of it -RRB- , so she loves it . Boo is a bit pickier likes to `` stalk '' things and be convinced that he really does want to play . I usually to drag this around and wiggle it on the floor a bit to catch his interest but he always comes around and will start batting at it in the air as well . Both will go wild if it wiggles -LRB- and makes noise -RRB- , just barely visiable , from the edge of a cardboard box or paper bag though = -RRB- It holds up very well , they will pounce and chew on the cardboard and wire . The ends of the cardboard do fray a bit and get soggy but they 're tightly coiled with the wire and it lasts a good amount of time . The price is great also , so no qualms about getting a new one very couple of months !
 Length :
 Do n't stick this in your cat 's face ; instead , bounce or swing it anywhere else and you 'll see your cat become severely * engaged * with this simple toy . The wire has the perfect tension to mimic every kitty 's FAVORITE toy
 My tabby is really a LAZY old cat , but he loved this toy !! An observation
 This is a must have for all cat owners . It 's simply a long wire with a few bits of rolled up cardboard attached . If dangled in the air , it wobbles , and the cats jump up to try to catch it . If you dangle it and move it quickly , they go wild -LRB- apparently it 's mimicking the flight of bugs in the wild -RRB- . My cats also love chasing it on the ground.After Da Bird , this is the top cat toy on the market .
 This toy is great , it keeps them occupied for hours . I can not recommend it highly enough . It can be an interactive toy , you can just put it on the floor and leave them to themselves , or you can mount it to a wall and watch them play with it for hours . We have gone through quite a few of these with our cats , and they are always an easy gift for friends ' cats . Buy one and see !
 My new little guy got this for Christmas from his `` Aunt '' and he absolutely loves this ! I have gotten other toys - automatic lasers , circular scratching board with ball that travels around it , countless filled mice and other animals . . but this one is the best ! He sleep wtih it , and leaves it in my bedroom which he considers his sanctuary . He is still full of energ at 18 months , so this is a good way to tire him about when I get home from work . Great idea !
 My cat is lazy and doesnt like to play . He has hundreds of balls , laserpointers , feather or other toys but he is not interested in any of them . This one is so simple and cheap and it works . I have to hide it at a certain point as he wont stop playing ! He is jumping and chasing it forever !!!! Great idea !
 This toy seems so simple , but my cats love it . It 's lasted longer than I expected and it 's been a great source of entertainment .
 I grabbed this cat toy on a whim because it was so cheap , and because the reviews for it were so good . I honestly was n't expecting anything out of the ordinary , and therefore was n't surprised when I opened the package to find this very simple toy.But my cats went crazy for it ! All three of them , including my nearly 14 year old who never plays for more than a minute or two with string or yarn -LRB- and totally ignores the laser light , etc -RRB- . She 's like a kitten going after it , it 's totally crazy . I 'm delighted with this purchase . : -RRB-
 I think the title says it all . He will whine , climb on our back , go nuts wanting to play with it . We have to hide it or he 'll chew it up in a few days !
 The best cat toy ever ! I have 3 cats and each of them love this simple toy . It is inexpensive and FUN .
 My cat is crazy for this ! The design is quite simple but the outcome is incredible , especially when I tied my cat 's favorite mouse on it ! Definitely one of the must have for your kitten !
 Both of my kitties absolutely love this toy ! Something about it just always really grabs their attention . Sometimes they play with it when its laying on the ground !
 and for such an inexpensive simple gadget it has brought so much fun . So basic , but then again you can buy cats the most expensive kitty condo and they 'd rather sit in a newly opened Amazon box ... Pattie
 My cat is 3.5 years old . He loves to play hunt . This is his all-time favorite toy / game . It is a semi rigid , thin wire that has bits of rolled up cardboard paper threaded onto the end . The bits are the shape of a slim cigarette that you cut up into segments . Put a hole through each in the middle and thread onto this wire . So they move around and your cat can sink his teeth in and it 's soft ... He has retrieved it from cupboards and knows what it 's called -LRB- cat dancer -RRB- . If I mention the cat dancer or go into the cupboard where I have hidden it he meows loudly ` yes , yes !!! . ' We have had this toy for 2 months now and I am going to stock up . My cat plays rough with his toys and this toy is very sturdy , although with frequent use the cardboard bits become a little worn . That 's OK , it 's a buck ! At this price , try it ! I would only say that you and and your cat should be fairly energetic when you play this game . I sort of wiggle it back and forth really fast so that it bounces it around while I turn around in circles and he RUNS to catch it . He jumps up in the air to catch it with both paws . He runs and hides and then jumps out to pounce on it . He is a maniac when he catches it but then I rotate it sideways , back and forth and I can pry it away this way unless he 's got a perfect grip on it ! It get 's him all fired up when his ` prey ' gets away and then he 's on a mission to get it back ! When he finally prevails after a strenuous workout , he gets it in his mouth and tries to walk away with it . He is a great cat , super social and playful ... very very playful and so this toy is perfect for him to use up of some of that energy . What makes this toy so much fun is the bounciness of the wire , that makes is easier for you to control and jerk and twist this way and that and have it go everywhere so it 's very stimulating to run after and such a victory in the end ; - -RRB-
 It is durable and my cats love it . The younger one drags it to me when he wants to play . Well worth the money considering the price you pay for other toys that break in minutes .
 Length :
 I have an 11-year-old cat and another cat that is just shy of 2 years . We tried this toy with both of them , and it 's the only one that consistently keeps them occupied until they -LRB- or we ! -RRB- get tired out ! I have no idea what it is with this toy , but they love it.It 's easy to control with a single finger , making it harder for the cats to tell that you 're actually doing anything while you 're holding it . But honestly , my cats whap this thing so hard that they can keep themselves busy , while all I have to do is hold the thing ! It 's been a great way for both of them to get some daily exercise -LRB- especially the 2-year-old - she enjoyed a lazy life in her foster home before we adopted her , so she 's got a pound to lose ! -RRB- . Plus it gives us some vital bonding time as I lead them all over the room to leap , jump , and pounce at this thing , earning my praises all the while.We love this toy . Could n't recommend it more .
 Gaius Kitty loves this toy and if you set it up right the cat can play by himself for hours . the drawback is that the baby got ahold of it and pulled the cardboard peices off of it and tried to eat them . Probably ok for a no-baby household .
 My young male cat is very playful and strong . He likes fabric toys but he chews them up instantly . He also strongly prefers interactive play . While his first love is definitely Da Bird , we have gone through so many of them that I am reluctant to buy more . With fishing rod-style toys , I find that even if the cat does n't destroy them , the string/wire that hangs from the stick ends up breaking with use.I was unsure about the Cat Dancer at first , but once I actually got it home , I figured it out . The wire causes the cardboard to move through the air in somewhat unpredictable patterns reminiscent of a flying insect . My cat LOVES it . Although he chews on the cardboard , I 've had one Cat Dancer -LRB- the one with the green mouse on one end - less recommended -RRB- for several months now . The cardboard is frayed , but it still does the job.To people who are worried about the ends of the wire becoming exposed , I think you might be underestimating the strength of the wire . The most dangerous things about this toy are 1 -RRB- it can make your cat so excited he 'll scratch/bite where he otherwise would n't and 2 -RRB- since the wire is so strong , it can snap back and hit you in the face/arm/whatever . But these things are pretty easy to anticipate and prevent.I 'd choose this toy over a colorful , easily destroyed , four times more expensive toy any day !
 My cats LOVED , LOVED , LOVED this ! I have 2 senior cats & one teenaged one . Until I introduced this to the teenager , I thought the seniors were done playing . WRONG ! This re-invigorated them ! So I should have bought 3 because the one is now down to a nub !
 Before my new kitten arrived I purchased several different kitty toys , and have been gradually introducting them to him . So far , the Cat Dancer is the one he loves the most . I think he sees it as a flying insect and loves to leap and somersault in the air tring to catch it . Such a simple idea , and so far simple works best with this kitten at least -LRB- tin foil or paper balls being favored over fancy stuffed `` mice '' , turbo scratchers , et al. . . -RRB-
 I dont usually write reviews but I just have to rave about this toy . The design is so simple but so effective . The wire is hard to see so it almost looks like a floating bug or something . My cat goes crazy over this ! It is great exercise for your cat and fun to play with too ! For $ 3 you cant go wrong , this will be a toy that costs $ 30 .
 I just got this for my cats and they love it . So simple , but so enthralling . The cats just go nuts over the slightest twitch of the toy .
 My two cats love this toy . We have a Cat Dancer play session every night before bedtime . They play until they are exhausted and go straight to sleep . I replace the Cat Dancer whenever they have chewed through enough paper tubes to expose the wire . Since this toy is available at most pet stores -LRB- including PETCO -RRB- for less than $ 3 , I do n't mind replacing them regularly . I have spent much more on toys that my cats never touch.Some reviewers complain that this toy is not safe . I fully agree that it is n't safe when given to a cat for solo play . It 's an interactive toy , which means that it is designed for play between a person and a cat . I would never let my cats play with this on their own and I always inspect it to make sure the wires are n't exposed . Additionally , the wire makes this toy move erractically . Be careful not to play too close to walls , furniture , ledges , or other people as excited kitties may propel themselves into , over , or on top of anything in pursuit of this toy .
 Ok , yes it 's a piece of wire with paper bits , like gift bag handles , on the ends ; but it 's 3 dollars and the cats are hilarious playing with it . Mine act like it 's a bug and chitter at it like mad . Seriously the best 3 dollars I have ever spent on my cats .
 When I first opened this , my only thought was `` what is THIS ? '' I thought maybe it was some kind of replacement part for something I did n't have ! It turns out to be a remarkable simple toy that my cat really likes . It was well worth the small price of $ 3-4 for it , which included free shipping.I have it set up where my cat can use it by herself as I have anchored one end into something heavy . She bounces all over the place with this thing .
 My cat is over 10 years old , and getting fat . I tried all kinds of toys and she 'd just look at them and turn her nose up . I bought the cat dancer even though I thought she was just too old to play anymore , but I was desperate to give her some exercise . I found that if I waited for those times when she got a little frisky -LRB- she 'd bat my computer cable cord -RRB- , I could whip out the cat dancer and she 'd go crazy playing with it . It was the only toy that she would not ignore . It 's erratic movements are perfect to keep here enticed . She especially likes it when I bat it against a wall and it acts like a moth or insect . -LRB- I think the wall helps her see it better . -RRB- This is a great toy , and you ca n't beat the price .
 It 's the first , the best , and the cheapest . Even cats who do n't like toys ca n't resist the cat dancer . Every cat should have one .
 My two cats love it , for now at least . They get bored with any toy after a while . Anyway , the cat dancer is a hit with the cats , but not with my fingers . I wish the side with the ` handle ' had something a little more substantial to hold on to , I end up with the wire digging into my fingers after 15 minutes of play . My girlfriend agrees with this assessment.For the price , though , I 'm not complaining . Inexpensive fun for happier cats .
 My cat goes crazy for this toy . I have two cats , one can entertain himself and the other is not very active . The not so active cat will flail her body all over the apartment with excitement over this toy and gets visibly worn out . This is the only toy she goes crazy for . If you have a cat who is n't excited about toys , try this one . She is also visibly getting into shape and trimming down . She is in a routine after dinner and anxiously awaits this toy . Not only is the Cat Dancer fun for kitty , but it is really amusing to watch ! Highly recommended !
 I had one of these years ago and it got bent and no longer worked so good - glad I got a new one - my cats are wild for it . Abbey actually comes over to remind me she needs to play with it - I keep it between two pillows on the sofa and she will start looking around the pillows for it . You get lots of action out of the cat for very little energy expenditure yourself - it bounces back when they play with it and drives them wild . The other cat prefers it to be dragged along the floor but she too is a happy camper when it is out . Get your cats one of these - they will thank you . If it can get my 10 year old big girls moving it will work for any cat .
 I have bought 3 of these so far and the foster kittens I have simply ca n't get enough of them ! If you leave a slight bend in the wire , one kitten will grab one end and the other end will move , attracting another kitten and they basiically entertain each other for AGES !!! Genius toy !!!
 Having owned three cats over the course of twenty years , I have found the Cat Dancer to be the best cat toy out there in terms of being entertaining , durable , and inexpensive . I can shake the cat dancer and keep my kitties running and jumping for ten to fifteen minutes before they happily and tiredly plop down on their sides . I recommend letting them catch it in the end and feeding them treats as a reward before putting it away . They have so much fun with it that I often find them later in the night searching the areas that I make the toy hide and dance in . Also , having recently found out where I put it away , they now try to coax me over to the closet where it is kept . Five stars and two thumbs up !
 My favorite cat toy . It is one of the only - if not the only - interactive toy that can withstand the test of time . When playing with cats that play really rough and tend to bite real hard , toys such as `` da bird '' and the kitty tease , do not last very long.I bought three of this toy in the last month . One for the shelter I work at for cats with behavior problems , and two for my own cats . I like to use one in both hands for maximum play time fun . The toys are bound to last at least 3 months without breaking , and at an affordable price such as this , why not try it ? I 'm sure you will love it !
 So simple it seems stupid to buy it , but oh boy is it worth it ! Having an active Siamese male this is invaluable ! I took the end with the single cardboard roll , removed the single one and looped the end around a high pole of his `` kitty city '' , hooked it back on itself and pulled it tight around the pole . Now it arcs out towards the floor and is a self entertaining toy ! I also did this around a doorknob and it 's also pretty good . It just depends on the angle of the wire . But even just held lightly in the hand this keeps the cat sooo entertained ! Highly HIGHLY recommend !!!
 This is one of the best cat play toys out there in my opinion ! All of our cats seem to love it ; and they play quite hard with it ... a very durable product .
 loves playing with this toy . When I opened it she could not get enough.After I finally got tire and bored with the same toy I put it away . Wewill see today if she takes to the toy again .
 No , there is n't much to this toy , just a wire and some brown paper rolled up but let me tell you the cats LOVE it , far more than any of the more expensive toys I 've bought them.Both of my boys are older , 10 years and up , as well as more than a little on the pudgy side of the scale , so it 's hard to find things they are interested in or that get them up off their big duffs and moving . Plus , being older , they tend to get bored with things , just staring at toys rather than deriving some kind of enjoyment from them and , trust me , I 've tried everything ! Even cat nip infused things tend to get ignored . This , however , my oldest was on so fast it was almost supersonic ! He was up and over things , chasing it , under the coffee table , dancing around on his hind legs , you name it . He loves the thing ! Though there is n't much to the toy , it 's worth the inexpensive price for the enjoyment my fat old men derive from it ! Highly recommended !
 I 've used this on my last cat -LRB- who went off to the great tuna festival in the sky -RRB- and my current cat . There is something about the way this simple toy moves that they love . I like getting my current cat to try all sorts of acrobatics just to get at the little dangling rolls of paper . All that clawing and chewing does tire them out after a while , and some of the paper bits fall off - make sure to replace these every once in a while . Of course , they 're so cheap , I do n't mind much .
 My kitty LOVES this toy ! It does require me to participate but that 's half the fun in watching all the flips , turns , and dives he does trying to catch his `` prey '' . Even with my severe arthritis and joint replacements in my hands , this toy is lightweight and easy for me to maneuver whether I 'm standing or sitting . For such an inexpensive , simple idea I could not be more impressed!This is one of the few toys that do NOT require a `` remove : reintroduce : repeat '' routine to keep things interesting ; we play with this every day and he does so until he pretty much drops from exhaustion . Since this is more of a * chase it - do n't chew it * situation with me engaged in play with kitty , we 've used this one toy for over two months and it 's almost as good as new . The bend in the wire has softened just a little but it 's easy to roll the handle end just a little and the shorter length gives me that brand new stiffer control again.Bonus points for budget friendly and fairly eco-friendly too . Highly recommended !
 this simple , cheap , dumb thing has to be marinated in mouse blood or something , because it 's quite possibly the most entertaining thing to both my cats . it 's amusing how something SO simple -LRB- a bended piece of wire with bits of cardboard -RRB- can entertain cats & owners alike for so long ... just brilliant ! add this to cardboard boxes for the best cat toy ever . do n't waste your money on any more cat toys . this is it ... i promise !
 Who would have guessed this dumb piece of wire and cardboard would be the answer to all of my cat 's recreational dreams ?! Normally my adult cat tires after a few minutes with string or ball-up paper , but the cat dancer keeps her endlessly entertained . This is the only toy she 'll ever need . I 'm just a bit ashamed I did n't think of it myself .
 My Cat LOVES this !! it was love at first sight !! i highly recommend this item . when i get wore out of playing w the cat this item never does ! i 'm getting ready to order more . well worth it !
 My cat is generally very playful , and he is quite particular when it comes to toys . He does n't just play with anything . When his toys are all laid out on the floor , he paws at this charmer then looks at me and meows to express his urge to play . Another nice thing is the wire and cardboard ends seem to survive tough-play and chewing . From my cat to yours ... Happy Playing !
 My cat can not get enough of this toy . This wire with cardboard pieces seems deceptively simple but provides so much entertainment .
 So far I have gone through about 30 of these critters and several generations of cats . While each of our feline children has their own personalities and quirts , they all enjoy the esoteric pleasures of interacting with the Cat Dancer Interactive Cat Toy.We can play several games with them as `` how high can you jump ? '' , `` Lay on you back ad catch it as it comes buy '' , `` what is that under the door '' , who can get to the library first ? '' etc.However a 2 AM it is easier to just let them play alone . On game is one cat running with the Dancer and others follow up and down the hall -LRB- All night long . -RRB- Another is because of the spring action of the Dancer you hold on to one end and try to get the other end -LRB- hint
 This cheap cat toy gets the most attention from both of my 10 month old kittens out of any other cat toy -LRB- next to Da Bird -RRB- . And this is only a few bucks ! I have my cats laying on their sides and panting within a few minutes of play with this wire toy . Truly fun to watch ! It 's so tantalizing ! I mean , uh , tantalizing to my cats . Right !
 I was looking for something new for my little Willie as he seems to get bored quickly with mice . So I bought this and as soon as I got it out of package Willie was jumping into my lap trying to play with it . I sat on the couch holding it over the edge and Willie had a blast . It is our new favorite toy . Definitely worth the money !
 I ordered some stuff for a friend 's kitty . A kitty house warming so to speak . Reports coming in that kitty loves it !
 This toy is ingenious . Out of all the expensive toys out there , my cats have played with them all and ultimately got tired of them after a set amount of time . Not this toy . The wire makes it look like it 's a fast little bug and my cats , adult and kitten alike , will chase it until they are huffing and puffing . My cats used to keep me up every night running around with bouts of energy , but after they play with the Cat Dancer for about 20 minutes , they seem to make a lot less noise because they are so tired from running and jumping around . I paid for the ingenious idea , not the product itself . Like who knew a piece of wire and cardboard could entertain a cat to no end ?
 I thought I 'd give this a try because of the reviews and it drives my 8 year old male cat crazy , all I have to do is go to grab it now and he perks up . The crazy erratic movements are what sets him off and bouncing the little tubes of cardboard on the ground simulates a bug or some other flying insect and that too gets him going . Thanks for such a simple product and at a reasonable price .
 Our cats absolutely love this toy . They love it so much that we have to hide it from them . We 've started using it before bedtime to tire them out so they sleep better and are less inclined to play during the night . Great toy .
 I do n't know what it is about this simple little toy but cats love it ! Maybe it is the erratic movement , but I have had so much luck with these . Even my very haughty cat would chase this ; when we were keeping in a cabinet she would hear the cabinet door open and dart from wherever she was to go and get in on the fun ! It is not expensive so get one of these for your cat !
 Who would have thought that such a simple product would become my two cats favorite toy . This is reasonably priced and almost foolproof in terms of whether your cat will like it . I doubt a single cat in the world would not love this . Highly recommended .
 This is just an `` antena '' with some cardboard on it , nothing much in this toy , but when you set it somewhere and it bounces around my cat loves it . I do n't need to be with him to play , he just plays with the toy for hours at a time.The only thing is , it 's so simple you can buy some wire an Home Depot and make it yourself for much less ...
 The Cat Dancer is the ultimate cat toy ! I 've never known a cat who could resist it . Best to buy a couple and keep a spare on hand !
 Once I took this out of the plastic packaging , my cat went crazy -LRB- in a good way -RRB- for thing thing . He loves , I mean , LOOOOVES it so much . He will run in circles trying to chase it , and I can just sit down as he plays . Even when I can tell he 's tired , he gets upset when I start wrapping it up to put it away . Great fun and exercise for your cat . Who knew pieces of cardboard and a wire could entertain a cat so much ? Never knew my cat could jump so high until I got this thing.My only concern is the wire . When my cat catches it , he gets really aggressive and starts chewing on the cardboard and I 'm afraid that the curved end of the wire will somehow get hooked into his cheek or crack his tooth . Once the other pieces wear off , I plan to buy another as a replacement -LRB- only because he loves this so much -RRB- . I would n't recommend leaving cats unsupervised with this toy .
 I recently adopted a cat and had no idea what toys to get . Found this to be cheap enough , so gave it a shot ! She immediately loved it and went bananas with it . She loves most dangling toys , but non more than this one . Nothing makes her run faster , or keeps her entertained longer than this silly little metal wire . Best money I 've spent so far .
 For such a simple device , this item remains one of the most popular toys for any cat to use regardless of breed .
 Cheap , simple , and my cats love it !! Ive had this toy for a few weeks and my cats have n't stopped playing with them . I am going to buy more !!
 This was one of the greatest purchases made for our two kitties . They do n't get tired of this little toy , and it has held up beautifully -LRB- despite kittie 's efforts to kill it -RRB- . It 's a simple wire with cardboard rolled up and attached to it , seems like something I could have made myself . . but it 's so cheap , why bother ? The wire has just the right amount of spring to it to mimic a mosquito , or some sort of bouncy bug that drives the cats wild . I highly recommend it . Better than the expensive feathers hanging on the fishing rod , and more durable .
 Stupid cats . No amount of motorized cat toys , fancy feathers or catnip filled things can even come close to topping the amount of fun they seem to have with the cat dancer.The cat dancer is essentially a piece of trash on the end of a wire , but the cats go crazy for it.I volunteer at a shelter and have never seen a cat turn down a romp with one.Even my 12 year old fat cat will come out for a play with the cat dancer.I highly recommend it to any and every cat owner , the only problem with them is they get lost under things really easily . Luckily they are cheap .
 I just got 2 new kittens and gave myself a kitty shower in anticipation of their arrival.This Cat Dancer was one of the presents I gave myself . I included it in my shopping cart only because I lacked a few dollars to get free shipping.The kittens made their transcontinental flight last night and have been wary of me ... until I pulled out the Cat Dancer.Now we are best buds.Amazing toy ! It 's just a wire with some tiny rolled cardboard bits at the end , but it holds the kittens ' attention like no other toy . They will play with it until I put it away.Thanks for the fun .
 this is probably the best toy I ever got for my kitty . So simple wire with a cardboard thing at the end . . Also My older girl kitty loves playing with this ... She doesnt play with anything . . boring cat hahaI love this toy and my boring cat and my kitty loves it . .
 I wish I had thought of this toy and made lots of money . It is such a simple thing . A wire with some cardboard on both ends . I have 5 cats . Four of them ignore it but one goes crazy over it . She 'll jump and bat at it . It 's fun to watch . Definitly worth the money .
 I have a sweet docile cat that turns into the incredible hulk and starts growling like a dog when this toy is out . My kitten `` Rocky Jr. '' loves this thing so much he smacks his brother and sister around if they get near the toy while he is playing , he 's usually growling the whole time and defys gravity as he jumps around trying to capture this toy.Rocky Jr. . Loves this thing so much .
 Not only do my cat 's love this toy , but I volunteer at an animal shelter with over 170 cat 's and kitten 's , and have yet to find one cat not interested . Even the older , and I 'm talking some 17 years old , played with it . Some get so carried away I have to hide the toy from them . I take them home with me mainly because if they are on the floor you can barely see them and I do n't want anyone tripping over them like we do at home . You do have to watch when the last cardboard at the end gets pulled off the loop , then the wire is exposed . It does n't happen that quickly . For under $ 3 toss it and buy a new one .
 Yes , the cardboard things will fray and the metal will bend out of shape eventually . It 's well priced and ridiculously simple.But , the fun to be had in our house started instantly and has been the instigator of many high flying jumps , dizzying spins , and all out fun .
 such a simple and great toy . it 's part of all the `` cat warming '' gifts i give ! something even the pickiest of cats are likely to enjoy !
 Like so many other cat owners , I have been through so many , many toys that end up unused int he corner . Somehow this one holds their interest the longest . I had such luck with it that I bought it as a gift for someone else 's cat and it is still very popular .
 I was hesitant when I first received this product - it looked kind of plain and cheap . Then I showed it to my cats , and they went crazy ! They 've had it for several months now and still love it ! I actually had n't seen it in a while and thought they had lost interest , but they had just hidden it under the couch and were playing with it under there . Definitely ordering more to pass out to my cat friends!UPDATE - It 's now over 6 months since my cats first had this toy , and they still LOVE it ! So great to find a toy that 's not expensive and that keeps a cat 's interest for more than a few minutes !
 OK , this thing may not seem like much -LRB- especially when you get it , you 're like , wth ? -RRB- but I promise you this is the best cat toy I have ever purchased . My youngest cat had one toy that she would play with , that 's it . She would n't touch anything else , until I got this . Now , THIS is the only toy she 'll play with . She does friggin ' backflips for this thing , it 's awesome . Literally makes your cats dance . Even my 5 year old girl ca n't get enough . Again , best cat toy ever .
 Kitty loved it who would have thought a piece of wire and 6 small rolled-up cardboard tubes could be so entertaining?She was drawn to it i would recommend this cat toy and seller Debnroo.So funny to watch her face and actions with this fantastic toy , we both had a lot of fun with this !
 This little toy is the best ! My cats absolutely love it ! You would never think so by just looking at it , but It is definitely worth the $ 3 . My cats just look at most toys , but they play with it even if I 'm not holding it !
 Our 2-3 yr old neutered male cat has many toys ... most are popular only for a short time or not at all.So far the `` Da Bird '' has been the longest lasting interactive toy and he plays with it for long periods -LRB- with human assistance required ! -RRB- happily.The newest toy is one of the least expensive . `` The Cat Dancer '' is simple and looks like it would be a one or two time `` play event '' . However , as other customers have attested , this IS an excellent toy , and the type a cat can use to play with and interact with his/her human for long periods.The only negative is that the cardboard piece on the end of the wire , which `` anchors '' the toy and makes it bounce or move when handled by the human , is something that can easily be dislodged or knocked off . Luckily they 're inexpensive as I 'm already having to order more -LRB- three this time ! -RRB- . Indoor cats so often get far too little exercise of any kind after kittenhood . They often get fat quickly ... for our boy , who was creeping up on his weight -LRB- before our obtaining `` Da Bird '' -RRB- these two toys are all we could ask for as toys to use for exercise and for something for him to look forward to.By the way , his sister has little or no interest in either of these toys . `` Da Bird '' interests her a little , but not much ... and the `` Cat Dancer '' , so far , not at all . Interesting , with commonsense supervision of the amount and times she can eat -LRB- just as with our male -RRB- her weight stays within normal . Her toys of preference are the wire toys advertised here as well , which she plays with alone when she does play with them .
 This has to be the most loved cat toy for my black cat , Velvet , even though it 's so simple-it 's stupid . I mean , it 's a wire with a few little cardboard tube-like things on it . We had bought one a few years back for my son 's cat , and she just look at us like we were crazy . So it sat , with a pile of other toys that were n't played with . Then I acquired Velvet , and she went crazy for this . She runs , jumps , flips , and stalks it . It 's flexible enough to run under furniture and out the other side , and then pull it back , and it jiggles in the air like a moth flying . My only complaint is that we bought these to supplement the original one that had sat for years and the new ones are a bit flimsier . Which makes them even harder to control , so you 're always bopping your cat with them . -LRB- But they 're so light it wo n't hurt them . -RRB- I just wish the wire would be a bit thicker like the old one .
 Simple but irresitable for cats . Simple circular wire and cardboard but the love it . Trick is to hook it somewhere where it hangs . It bounces wildly and or kitten is transfixed , sit back and get the camera ! I put ours on the climber , sliding it between the uprights . My Dad bent his straight and twisted the wire around something but that defeats the purpose . Watch out the Gold box is more expensive than the actual page price today !
 My two girls went completely nuts over this toy ! Amazing ! Will get another when this one wears out .
 This toy is literally just wire and bits of cardboard attached to it ... . yet cats go crazy for this its so ridiculous it will blow your mind away
 My cats LOVE this toy . It really is just a metal wire with some cardboard at the end but it keeps them entertained endlessly . I keep it hidden away because I do n't want them playing with it unsupervised -LRB- the metal hook part at the end could be dangerous if the cardboard is ripped off -RRB- . It kind of mimics the movement of a bug and the cats go crazy .
 I have a Maine Coon who just turned one year old , and I was having a hard time keeping up with his need to play hard multiple times per day . He will play on his own , but he prefers interactive games with toys such as feather wands , lasers , and mice to fetch . This cat dancer is just an amazing toy/exerciser for the both of us . He leaps all over the floor and furniture batting at it , and all I have to do is sit there and hold it up . Often I 'll run around the floor , and he 'll chase it , but he seems really content just batting at it and trying to catch the ends in his mouth . He just loves the erratic movement of it . Often he 'll drag it into the bathtub and play by himself with it as well . I could n't imagine a better toy for the both of us . Thanks to the genius who developed and marketed this . I ordered one for a friend 's cat , my parents ' cat , and my sister 's cat . It 's a huge hit , even among cats with less energy and a shorter attention span . Thanks Cat Dancer !
 My cat goes nuts over this toy ... I think it 's because it moves similar to how an insect would . My cat loves to go after moths.It 's constructed of a metal wire -LRB- ... yikes , I know , but no problems so far -RRB- with a cardboard/roll thing on the end . Simple , cheap , but lots of fun .
 My cat loves this toy !! I was really surprised as the toy is just wire and cardboard but she is completely frenetic when I bring this out for her to play with !! Very cute . Obviously this is totally worth the price .
 In my experience , cats get bored with toys quick , especially after their first year or two of life , but remarkably ours still loves the Cat Dancer toy . It 's a remarkably simple thing , and at first I was concerned our cat would break off the wound cardboard bits but it 's held up well and she still enjoys batting at it like as if it were a moth . Would definitelyr recommend it .
 Kitty is n't usually very talkative , but she ca n't stop chattering and squeaking when I pull out this toy . She kills it , then drags it off under the bed . This is a good toy for dragging because it 's really light and does n't have a big awkward stick handle attached , which totally blows the sabertooth fantasy . In fact , the handle is a tiny piece of wood that hurts your fingers after awhile -- I tied a scrap of fabric around it and now it 's comfy . If you 're only going to buy one stick attached to a wire for your cat this season , make it this one .
 My cats went absolutely crazy over this toy . My biggest problem is maintaining a good grip on my end , I may need to attach it to a little stick for better control . But for the absolute simplicity and fantastic price , I would definitely continue to buy this toy for my kitties . They could n't keep their eyes off it and loved the erratic movements . I got tired way before they did !
 My cat is immune to most forms of toys.Flashing track ball ? Nothing.Actual insects ? Rarely.Chirping birds ? As if they 're not even there.Audiotape of yowling cats ? Nada.Laser pointer ? Ignored.This thing though actually works . It seems to annoy him in a very particular way that causes him to bat at it and try to eat it , which is about as good as i 'm going to get . Will probably buy another one : -RRB-
 You ca n't go wrong with this item . In all the many toys I 've purchased , this is her favorite . She gets bored by toys if it does n't have any movement , and this flutters just like a real moth does . When I 've had enough playing , she always wants to keep going , so I place the other end in between my couch cushions and hang it just right in mid-air . She not only plays with it that way , she stalks it , does flips & just loves it . I 've spent many dollars trying to keep her happy , and this is worth a mint .
 Our two cats really like this toy . We also got the Cat Dancer 301 which they like even better but this is a great toy . Basically it is just a wire with some cardboard pieces at the end . Despite the simple design it works to stimulate the cats . Well worth the price .
 I 've never seen a cat who does n't go nuts for this little toy . IT 'S RIDICULOUS !! My cat starts crying the moment I take it out of the drawer and if you hang it on the wall it provides hours of self-play ! It costs barely anything and is by far my cats ' favorite toy .
 I 've tried them all
 There is not much I can add here that has n't been said already . My two cats love this and play with it for long periods of time without losing interest . This , and a simple laser are their favorite activities .
 This toy is amazing - we get tired of playing with it before our 8mo old kitten can get enough . Do n't be deterred by the negative reviews about it being dangerous - while it is super simple and amazingly cheap , my vet today told me that it is also her favorite toy for her cat , and she has no qualms about using it with him , and I am not complaining that my cat 's favorite toy costs about as much as a can of his wet food !
 My cats love this simple toy ! Even my older -LRB- 7 year old -RRB- cat will jump and run after this toy .
 I buy this toy every so often because my cat absolutely adores it . This is one of the few toys he will literally jump for -LRB- he 's almost 7 years old -RRB- . It surprises me everytime he jumps so high and goes bananas for this toy . I love that he loves the toy but sometimes my hand gets tired clutching the wire . Other than that , it provides loads of entertainment for my kitty !
 I 've never met a cat who did n't love this thing . When we decided to get a kitten , this went on the basic necessities list alongside food and litter . As predicted , it was an instant hit . When we first got her , it was a great bonding activity . Now it 's our go-to toy when she 's running around like a nutball -- the perfect way to focus her energy and tucker her out . In fact , we have to hide it when she starts panting because she just does n't know when to stop.It provides mental and physical stimulation for the cat and entertainment for you . You 'll laugh a lot watching your cat go crazy over this simple bit of cardboard on a wire.One of the things we like best about it is that it 's the absolute laziest way to have interactive playtime with your cat . All you have to do is hold one end . It does all the work , swaying or bouncing just enough for kitty to swipe it and set it off in a grand manner . When -LRB- if -RRB- it settles down , all it takes is a little twirl or a height adjustment to draw new attention.If you 're still mulling it over after all of these postitive reviews , stop reading and click `` add to cart '' . You wo n't regret it .
 Years ago , a friend recommended I get this for my kitten , her cat loved his . Not only did the kitten love it , the older one did as well . I bought a new one every few years for them since they do wear out . But I had n't bought one in years since the `` kitten '' is now 15 and is not much interested in anything but lap and nap time . I 've recently acquired new kitten , a stray , who is full of energy . I remembered this toy and was happy to see amazon carried it . Sure enough , the new baby LOVES it ! It seems to simulate the flight of a bug or butterfly and will have them jumping and turning to get at it . When you see it you will wonder why you spent $ on cardboard and wire but will probably find it was worth the few bucks .
 This ridiculous invention , a piece of bended wire with three pieces of cardboard attached to it , simulates the movements of flying insects which arouses the cats to no end . All you do is flick your wrist different ways to get the bended wire to wave through the air , propelling the tiny pieces of cardboard every which way but loose . The cats love it above all else and never tire of it . The pieces of cardboard will come undone over time due to the cats catching it in their paws .
 I did n't even have this out of the package yet before both my cats were chasing it . They have learned to work together now , balancing it on the coffee table so one can hold it while the other one chases it . An amazingly simple yet captivating toy !
 After owning this product , and now finding others made by the same designer I 'm convinced s/he knows felines even better than this cat-guardian . My feline is impossible to play with unless she decides something will be enjoyable to her ! I 've tried everything imaginable , and other feline owners have contributed to get her into `` play and exercise . '' Nothing worked at all . She 's a determined , very OCD animal and smarter than most humans I know so I gave up until this seemingly silly thing came along - so I 'm back for more.One thing - this feline of mine -LRB- I 've had several over the years -RRB- does love to play ball , and fetches ! It was nothing I taught to her - she just did it from about 15 months of age . Now , let me add , she wo n't always return a ball right away , but she may instead pop up onto my bed late at night , or at 3 AM with every ball in the house on top of my covers ! Get this , she favors regulation tennis balls ! For a year we had no idea how she got them into her mouth and UP on my bed , which is high off the floor . One night , I heard her usual `` time to play '' meow -LRB- which is loud -RRB- , and up she sprang with a tennis ball in her de-clawed front paws ! She was using her back legs to spring up that high and had done that with 2 other tennis balls , and ... this cardboard thingy was half-on and half-off my bed.If my cat gives this product `` equal rating '' to her tennis balls , it 's great . Plus , she loves me to play with her and seemingly knows I 'm behind the action just as she knows I control the mini-flashlight 's red spot ... the second she heard the chain sound from that flashlight , she 's right next to me , waiting . Tip here for this product designer . Cats can be trained by sound-commands . Mine will `` sit '' and also `` stop '' on a click command , as well not eat until I allow her to do so - but that latter may mean I get a ` bite . '
 This is such a simple toy , yet my cats LOVE this !!! They wo n't leave it alone . They love to run around the room chasing it and when I am not holding it , they are carrying it around the house in their mouths . They love it so much , I had to order another one so they do n't have to fight over who gets to play with it . I would definitely recommend this product to cat owners , especially if your cat likes to run around chasing things .
 From the moment I opened the wrapper , my cats have been addicted to this simple toy . When I get home from work , I get a quick greeting , and they run to the toy ! My cats get way more exercise and are much more fulfilled with our playtime because of this toy . We also have the Sport Cat cubes that we use with this toy . They love to hide in the cubes and go after the cat dancer , taking it by surprise ! It 's hilarious to watch !
 I was worried this toy would fall apart the first day , or that my cats would end up hating it.They LOVE this toy so much that they are jealous when taking turns with the one I bought . I had to buy a second one so my two cats could play at the same time -LRB- they hate playing together with toys for some reason -RRB- . It is kind of hard to tell how the toy is from the pictures , but it is a piece of wire , with little cardboard like rolls at the end and one on the other end for you to hold onto it with.Worth every penny it costs , and holds up great . This toy is more fun than the string toys for cats , because it kind of bounces around on it 's own , plus when the cat hits it , it bounces around more . Provides more interaction and is less work on your wrists to keep it moving than the sticks with a long string .
 My 12 year old cat loves this toy ! When I opened it I thought it looked cheap and boring , but I was wrong . Something about the whay the wire bounces drives him crazy ! It 's so nice to see him active and playing with something for longer than a few seconds . Plus , you ca n't beat that price . Thank you for a great product !
 This deceptively simple , incredibly inexpensive little cat-toy is the single best purchase I 've made for my cats . They 're kittens , recently rescued from my local shelter , and they are filled with seemingly boundless energy . Any other toy I 've either made or found for them they tire of quickly . Not this one ! They will chase & jump at this little thing for as long as I drag & flip it around . A brilliant purchase - I 'll be buying more of them , for sure !
 It is so cute its movement is sporadic like a fly ! My Cat loves it ! I love it too because he is so cute as he 's playing with it . Great toy at a great Price ! Definitely recommend . Do n't let its simplicity fool you - my cat goes nuts over this ! Like any other toy you let your cat play with , you should first check it and supervise there play . I do not leave toys out except for a select few , everything else gets put away when Stashu is done playing with it . This wire is a nice heavy wire with cardboard on the ends . Just keep an eye on the wire ends and look for wear and tear . It tells you right on the packaging to throw it away when it gets worn . The best thing is its Sporadic Fly Movement !!! And Bouncy too ! Too Cute !
 My cat likes it in short play times so it is good to have and certainly not expensive for a little fun .
 You will be hard pressed to find a cat toy for less that your cat loves as much . A wire with some cardboard attached at either end . This should n't be this exciting . This is definitely something you could make on your own , but why try so hard ? Buy it , your cat 'll love it !
 I was extremely skeptical about buying this toy for my 3 cats . My two boys are not that active , my female loves toys . The boys are getting fat so I figured I 'd give this a try since I could get it shipped free with another order and for the price , it was something I could justify even if they did n't like it.The first time I introduced it to them , my female latched on like it was her favorite toy . She totally loved it . The boys were a bit shy at first , batting at it like it was dangerous -LRB- like cats do when they feel threatened -RRB- . It was hilarious to watch . Now , a week later , they fight over it , they drag it around the house , and I can sit at my computer and hold it while they bat at it and jump - all 3 of them play with it and totally have a blast with it . Who knew something so ridiculously simple could be such a big hit with a cat ? Kudos to the makers of this toy , I will definitely be ordering more from here on . I do n't think they will be happy without it now and I get such a kick out of watching them play and know they are enjoying their toy as much as I enjoy watching them with it . Do n't hesitate - it 's a great investment for a few bucks and not easily breakable either . Very pleased with this one ! : - -RRB-
 he loves it . He is a fan of hte simpler thing , and this is so worth the price . I purchased a total of 3 . Even gifts for other ownes of cats . Everyone should own one .
 I 'm fostering 3 kittens who like a LOT of attention . I attached this gizmo to a wall and they play BY THEMSELVES , for quite awhile . They like it even better when I jiggle it , but they are more fascinated by this thing than they are by the bazillion other toys they have . I love it , they love it ... the price and size are great ... I think it may the one thing I 've ordered that I can recommend with zero reservations .
 I 've never seen a cat go from asleep to playing like a kitten in 3 seconds , but his toy makes that happen . What 's more , this is the only toy that all 3 of my cats enjoy playing with -LRB- and they do n't have any other toys in common -RRB- . It 's a deceptively simple toy , but highly effective .
 I do n't know why cats like this so much . I really do n't . Maybe they think it 's real because they do n't notice the wire or our hand holding it . Maybe they 're just really into bouncing brown cylinders . But I 've never been able to find a cat that does n't love this toy . They ignore catnip-filled mice , laser pointers , and feather wands , but go crazy over this . I ca n't complain , though , considering how cheap it is and how little effort it takes to play with on my part .
 we basically just ordered this toy because we could n't believe a piece of wire with some cardboard scraps could get such a high rating , and now out of the 20000000 toys we have for our kittens it 's THEIR FAVORITE ! Our littlest one will go running full speed around the house dragging this thing her in mouth . Then she will run in circles chasing the other end she does n't have in her mouth . THEY LOVE IT . we ordered a second for when it runs out . Do n't ask questions just order this you will not be disappointed : - -RRB-
 Luckily this is an inexpensive toy . We had purchased one before this & my cat & 2 kittens loved it . They loved it a little too much & chewed off all the little strips of raffata in a matter of 2 weeks . Hopefully this next one will last longer ! Otherwise a decent value for the cost .
 One of my newest kittens -LRB- 9 months old -RRB- loves playing with this . He runs in circles , falls , crashes and does his best to hold onto this thing ! He loves it . This is a super great cat toy - easy for a cat to play alone to prevent boredom and burn-up excess energy . Good deal and a good price .
 Seriously , this is the simplest thing on earth , but my cat Beatrix likes this more than the $ 30 toys she 's had in the past . No end to the HIGHLY entertaining kitty acrobatics ! She 's a 20lb beast , and she 's flying thru the air after this silly thing ! At $ 3 , I 'd buy more than 1 ... the little cardboard bits wo n't last forever . Though we 're a number of weeks in with daily play and she 's not managed to destroy it yet . She 's already leaner and much more feisty ... like a younger kitty ... she really loves this toy ! And a sidenote , I have issues with upper body movement , and this thing is super easy to wing around ... takes almost no effort to get it bouncing for her , so its great if you 've got mobility issues or back pain.Buy it ... fabulous cat toy , and ca n't beat the price !
 The kitty used to have several favorite toys , but nothing compares to this . Its a simple toy , and our kitty is absolutely in love with it . At this price there is no reason not to get it . Your kitty will thank you .
 I have a 9-month old kitten who is obsessed with this toy . She barely plays with her old toys any more since I got this for her a few weeks ago . She loves it when I drag it around on the floor , and will chase it in circles endlessly . Sometimes I 'll just drag it behind me while I walk around doing chores and it keeps her entertained , instead of crying for attention.Sadly , the little cardboard piece that functions as the handle fell off pretty quickly , but I just twisted the wire into a little loop to use as a handle instead . Also , this thing is so cheap that it wo n't be painful to replace .
 I have 2 new young kits that discovered an old cat toy belonging to my other cats who passed on years ago . It was this toy and had to be 10 years old and they went crazy for it . I found & purchased 2 new ones because it 's the best cat toy I 've ever seen . Try using this when your cat wants to block your computer screen or lie on your book while your reading . It requires very little attention on your part , if you can stop laughing from their antics . : -RRB-
 This is the best cat toy . I have two cats and they love it . They even play among themselves .
 I got this for my cats for their Christmas stocking . It is by far their favorite . It 's better than a string b/c it bounces . They tend to chew the cardboard off pretty fast . Mine chew it when it 's just left around , so you might want to keep it away from them when you are done playing . If not , they still like that .
 Although this toy looks simple , my two kittens love playing with it . It 's been a month or so since I bought it , and it still gets their attention everytime I use my fingers to make it move around.I would recommend this toy to cat owners especially when it 's quite affordable .
 I have 4 cats and each one likes different toys . One cat loves to jump up for bouncy things and carry small toy mice . -LRB- I find the bathtub stopper in the strangest places ! -RRB- One of my cats goes crazy for catnip while the others can take it or leave it . One loves to play with the trapped ball inside the donut track . But one cat goes absolutely crazy for the cat dancer - to the point of having to hide it from her . Even so , she figures out where I put it and goes shopping for it ! It 's a fantastic toy .
 I thought the Cat Dancer looked sort of plain compared to other cat teasers with feathers and streamers so I never bought it , although I read it was a good toy somewhere . My current cat is fussy about toys and is n't interested in typical teasers . She also snubs most of the other toys -LRB- including laser toys -RRB- I have bought home for the last three years . I purchased this thinking thatif she hated it at least it was relatively cheap . I was truly surprised when batted this around until I got tired of holding it . I take it out a few nights a week and she is always interested in playing with it . It does n't look impressive , but something about it really appeals to my cat . I highly recommend giving this plain looking toy a try .
 A wire and paper rolled up tight . A happy cat on her back swatting away at the paper , over and over . That in essence is what you are getting.Princess really like this . It has a mind of its own . She swats at it , and it keeps bouncing back . She swats at it again , and the bouncing repeats . Sometimes she jumps at it and bite it , and when she let it go , it continue to bounce . More swatting . It 's really entertaining for her , and I enjoy watching her do tumbles and rolls . Absolutely recommended toy !
 This was a stocking stuffer for our two kitties and those of my brother-in-law and his wife . They have said the same , that the kitties go completely bonkers over this . Imagine the excitement of winning a mega lotto jackpot and that 's what they exude at the mere sight of this . It 's true , they know when you 're coming and you have it , even if it 's hidden behind your back . It is even entertaining for the `` humans '' - Our Daphne will capture the end as we bounce it around - We then let it go & she proudly struts away with her prized catch . Jack -LRB- her brother -RRB- gets right behind her , chasing after the other end dragging along beside her . A tug-o-war then ensues . Now that it has been used so much it 's shape is a little off so it does n't lay flat on the floor . If you walk by it , it will wiggle -LRB- wood floor -RRB- This prompts many a mad dash and tackle sessions throughout the day . It 's hilarious to see two , almost 6 year old , 16 lb cats get so worked up . -LRB- We only recently learned just how heavy they are . Of course I felt horrible & they are on a diet now -RRB- Our cats , despite being chunky monkeys , have always been very playful , but the amount of spunk they have had since we got this has doubled , if not tripled . This has actually encouraged them to play with their other toys more frequently because they get so worked up they want to `` get '' everything they can . I 'm ordering another because Daphne likes to gnaw the little rolls , but am also getting some to give as gifts . I hope your little ones enjoy them just as much as ours !
 I opened this up with my boyfriend , and after we took turns trying to catch the cardboard pieces at the end -LRB- not so easy , I 'm afraid -RRB- , I tried it on the cats . They were VERY intrigued . They were a little nervous -LRB- I whacked them on the head more than a few times -RRB- , but they eventually warmed up to it and were very happy . Until I put it away . :-LRB- I 'll definitely be using this for play time ; such a simple idea , but simple works best for cats , does n't it ?
 One of the main reasons why this toy is so fun is , like the name says , it dances . The wire allows the toy to move freely so your cat can be surprised at the direction it takes , unlike the current kitty toys where you have to move your arm around wildly to get the cat to move . This always engages the cats for great play , and well worth the price .
 I have 2 cats at home , male and female , and each one of them loves this toy for different reasons . He will only play with it if you 're holding one end of it and he gets to chase it around and bat at it . She , on the other hand , loves it on the floor and loose . She 'll try and sit on one side and roll around and spin with it like she 's chasing her tail . It 's hilarious.My only complaint is that the first cat dancer we purchased had a sticky paw attached to it that was supposed to hold it to the wall . It never worked and now we 've got this paw stuck to the wall and it 's not exactly attractive.But the toy itself is worth it !
 I have bought my cat many elaborate toys , but only this piece of wire with cardboard attached to the ends can drive him crazy.Be sure to buy a few of these at once , because cats tend to chew the cardboard off .
 My cat has a ton of toys and ignores more of them . The Cat Dancer , he loves . As soon as I took it out of the package he was jumping at it . He will play with the Cat Dancer until he is literally out of breath . I think the draw is that the motion is very similar to the motion a bug makes .
 We were very skeptical of this toy but thought we would only be out a couple bucks if our cat did n't like it . She LOVES it . It keeps her entertained and running around for a long time with very little effort on our part.This is a must !
 I ordered one of these for $ 2.30 and free shipping with Amazon Prime - I figured , what the heck , try it out ... I have 3 cats , two of them being about 7 months old , and one of them 3 months old . All of them are NUTS over this toy . I have to admit , I was a bit `` underwhelmed '' when I opened the package - a wire with some twisted cardboard on it ... ? But , my kids play with the boxes their toys came in - the cats are n't any different ! For awhile , I would hold the wire myself and wobble it around . Then I got the idea of fastening one end to a wrought iron baker 's rack by weaving it through the wire designs and bending it out and away from the rack . Now the cats bat it around by themselves when I 'm doing other things - I can hear the `` BOING '' of the wire against the rack all day long - they wear themselves out !! I 've ordered 3 more of these to attach to their tree/condo ! Fun stuff !
 My cat loves this thing . If I use two hands , hold the end with my left , and put the right one about 8 inches higher , I can use my right hand to move it forward and backwards really fast . When I do this it really wiggles and looks exactly like a moth . Needless to say , he goes nuts . He could watch this thing for hours . Unfortunately , I ca n't spend hours moving it around . The only reason why I did n't give this 5 stars is because I 'm not sure how safe it is . I would never leave it out for him to play with when I 'm not around and try not to let him bite on it for too long .
 I have 3 kitties and my youngest cat , Han , particularly loves this toy . He 'll chase and jump at it for as long as we play with him and he even plays with it by himself picking up one end in his mouth and chasing the other end ! It 's hilarious to watch ! He 's even smart enough to purposely stick one end underneath something or around a corner so he can bat at it . My other two cats are n't as big on playing , but they 'll passively bat at it or gnaw on it when Han is n't around . For the record , none of my cats care about those plastic rods with the feathers on the end , they 'd rather chase the end without the feathers . The only reason I did n't give this 5 stars is because Han has managed to destroy it in less than a month -LRB- well I ca n't expect much more , with it being made of cardboard and wire -RRB- . This is his favourite toy so I 'm trying to decide if it 's the sort of toy I should just stock up on or if I should attempt to make new cardboard tubes and re-attach them . Either way , I love it !
 My cats go nuts over this lil toy . How simple it is but sooo effective . Sure . . you can make this with a trip to the hardware store but as a product I give this 4 stars only because it lacks one thing . . durability : / . Mine lasted ... about . . 4 months -LRB- with 3 cats who play rough -RRB- Not too bad for a 3 dollar toy I suppose . Who can really cry about durability at this price c'mon .
 I ca n't believe how simple and amazing this toy is . I will buy them in bulk next time ! My cat will chase and attack it for days and days . It was the best toy we bought . No more little balls that she just stares at .
 God forbid my kitten play with any of the $ 20 toys I shower him with . He has settled on the $ 3 piece of wire to be his favorite . Why is this so entertaining to him ? I have no idea . All I know is that he loves playing with it interactively -LRB- I would dare say he is addicted -RRB- , and he also loves playing with it alone ! He trots around the apartment carrying it around like a dog with a bone . I think in cat heaven , there will be many cat dancers !
 Like all the other reviewers say , this is a ridiculously simple cat toy . The packaging probably cost more to manufacture than the actual toy . But it is worth every cent ! Our cat thinks the Cat Dancer is more fun than a huge Amazon cardboard box - high praise indeed !
 About a month ago , I was shopping on Amazon for cat food/treat dispensing balls , and the Cat Dancer was listed in the `` people also purchase ... '' area below the items I 'd selected . Sure , I 'd heard of the Cat Dancer , but could it really be all that great ? At about three bucks , I decided to throw one in my cart.I was suitably unimpressed when I opened the package and uncoiled the wire , but the cats were immediately entranced . My two cats begrudgingly tolerate each other , so while Cat One played , timid Cat Two watched from under my computer desk , and even ventured out a bit because she wanted to swat the `` bug '' -LRB- the rolled up bits of brown paper -RRB- so badly . She gets her turn when Cat One is done , and loves it just as much . Now every time I pick up the Dancer , or pass it to hubby to play with Cat One , Cat Two cries to let me know she wants it , too . Cat Two , who had never jumped up on my desk in her life before the Cat Dancer , now jumps up to find where I stash it . She does get her turn to play first , when Cat One is sleeping in another room , but Cat One has good ears , and usually comes running before long.After roughly a month of play , they have n't pulled any of the paper bits off yet , but I 'm considering getting another just to have on hand for when it does break/lose its bits .
 It is so simple that i could n't believe she would be attractive to it but she is.The cat dancer works better for her but this was also accepted for here .
 My cat went crazy for this . He even plays with it by himself if I dangle it from a table or something . I 'm ordering more as gifts for my cat-loving friends .
 Noodle LOVES this toy !!!! I mean , absolutely LOVES it !! We have so much fun while playing together , and she gets some GREAT excercise ! She actually DANCES ! I make sure to be careful due to the wire construction the toy is made with , so I would not reccommend you let children use it to play with the cat , but I DO intend to order more for the ADULT cat lovers I know .
 We 've bought hundreds of dollars of toys for our two cats but none can compare to this toy . They love it so much !! It 's so simple too . I have no clue why they are so obsessed . One cat will even sit by it and cry so someone will pick it up and play with her . I 'd pay 10x a much for this just based on how much they love it and play with it .
 I have been a cat lover and owner my entire life . This product is fabulous ! I bought two and hid one so that my cats would not tear into it.Watching the runt of the litter , Ernest , pick up the toy , walk to the kitchen and spin like a top on speed , over and over and over again is the funniest thing I have ever seen.Wonderful .
 This is a long slim metal wire that has a bounce to it . The ends have tubes of cardboard which my cats love . I am surprised how much the cats play with this toy . It 's a great toy for bonding with the kitties during playtime .
 YOU CA N'T BUY MORE FUN FOR YOU CAT THAN THIS SIMPLE TOY , IT IS LIKE COCAINE FOR KITTIES , THEY ARE ADDICTED TO IT AN PLAY FOR HOURS .
 Simple inexpensive toy , but the cat loves it . Will play with it while it lays on the floor , but more fun to interact with person!Few days later
 ... or perhaps more equivalent to an instantaneous mosh pit -- either way , our 3 cats lose their MINDS , and IMMEDIATELY , over this thing . I bought our first one when we adopted Jade from the Humane Society about a year and a half ago . They had a rather lame -LRB- sorry , but it 's true , and does not reflect on the overall amazingness of the Humane Society -RRB- assortment of cat toys that happened to include a Cat Dancer . The Rest is Legend . No joke , Jade , Gracie -LRB- both approx 20 mos old -RRB- and Jazz -LRB- Jazz is 9 years -RRB- absolutely go from 0-60 as soon as they realize we 've snagged the Cat Dancer from the closet . After scanning the existing reviews , I 'm glad we always played WITH them and always made sure we retrieved it if one of them got lucky and managed to grab it and run off with it -- would not recommend any other method of play and we are meticulous about storing it when play time is over . That being said , I have never seen this kind of reaction to any cat toy we 've ever bought -- they are always fully engaged with this and we make sure to keep our eyes on the thing so it does n't wind up under the sofa or some other Secret Kitty Santuary . Vertical leaps -LRB- sometimes landing on each other and NOT caring -RRB- , stalking , creative `` paw work '' -- OMG , I simply can not assign words to their reaction . We truly have to call `` time '' when they are appear to be tiring as they will NOT stop . I 've purchased 8 more for friends and for back up , but our original toy is still completely intact.There 's another type of the Cat Dancer with a multicolored cord thing going on but I 'm reviewing the original wire and cardboard-thingie version . **** IMPORTANT
 My cats absolutely favorite toy ! They actually almost wear it out . I do replace them occasionally but will never stop having several around . I have bought at least a dozen to give to family kitties as presents and they all love them .
 I 've had nine cats over the course of my life , and there is no more popular toy in the box than this one . Every cat seems to love it . If your cat likes chasing bugs -LRB- and what cat does n't ?? -RRB- , he 'll love this toy . It 's cheap , it lasts longer than you think it would , and I 've never ever had a cat be injured by one.Get at least two . You 'll be amazed at how easy it is to get kittens to leap high in the air ... and even more sedate older kitties too !
 My cat loved this however ... they were dragging it around and it slipped off a desk and down by a plug . It made contact between the 2 prongs of the plug -LRB- the plug was out a tiny bit -RRB- and shorted out my house with sparks flying etc ! The current burned through the wire and it definitely would have killed my cat if he had it in his mouth during this . This is not too likely to happen but just so you know !
 My cats love this toy and it 's so effortless . I just sit on the couch and hold it in my hand and it bounces between my two cats forever . They ca n't get enough of it . The reason it got 4 stars and not 5 is for two reasons . # 1 , it comes in a small package wrapped up in a circle , so the wire is permanently shaped that way . This would n't be a problem except when my cats pull down on the end , it bends even more so after a few weeks of play it 's bent in a weird shape . I tried bending it to straighten it out and it did n't work too well . My other complaint is the end that you hold has a little cardboard piece on it and after about a week of play it came off , so it 's a little difficult to keep in my hand with my cats yanking on the other end . If I had paid more for this toy I would be disappointed but since it 's so cheap I guess I should 've expected it . Despite these problems I would recommend the toy because my cats go crazy for it .
 I bought this for my younger , very active cat who loves cat toys . He took to this right away and I can get him to jump high in the air chasing after this . It 's his favorite toy . This is a very good interactive cat toy .
 This , as inexpensive as it is , is a MUST have for anyone with a cat . They go NUTS for this thing the instant you take it out of the package . We recently got another cat and have just ordered another one of these , one for each cat : -RRB-
 This toy is great for any cat that needs alot of playtime . I have a kitten , and this toy allows me to sit an watch tv or get on my computer and still play with her . It is simple but my cat loves it . I heard about it from a friend and played with her cats with it and i immediately went home to buy one . It is a springy wire , with small cardboard tubes on the end which allows my cat to follow the wire as it jumps through the air . You can just hold it in your hand and let your cat bounce it back in forth . its a fun , economical toy , that my cat adores .
 I have 2 cats and they both love this toy . It can easily be played anywhere -LRB- in a door , in a drawer , wedged in the couch -RRB- . My cats also just bat it around the floor sometimes . Definitely worth it , even though it 's just wire and cardboard ! My cats wear it out after a few months - as expected .
 Cat loves this toy and it does not get stuck in his claws like other fluffy toys tend to . Folds up for easy storage and would be easy to add different ribbons or paper to the end of it . This is better than fishing pole type toys and requires very little wrist motion so would be good for those with mobility impairments . Everyone I know with a cat is getting this for xmas this year !
 I got this for my nephew 's kitten because the one we were given is such a tremendous hit with our kitties . They will even abandon food to play with the Cat Dancer . It works well for one or several `` players , '' because moving one end causes the other end to move . Also works well if a person provides the movement . The cardboard attachments hold up amazingly well .
 My older cat used to like this toy , but got bored with it after a while and now prefers the `` Cat Charmer '' -LRB- the wand with the long piece of fabric -RRB- ... probably because it 's less effort to catch . I do all the work and all she has to do is grab it!The Cat Dancer has gotten new life though
 This is a great cat toy . My cats love it when I bring it out to play . I ca n't believe how high they jump for it ! The only other toy my cats love as much is the Kong Kickaroo .
 This is my cat 's favorite toy and the one I get out when trying to keep him out of trouble . He also plays with it on his own , which is great . And it 's the cheapest toy I own !
 This is definitely lasting a lot longer and provoking more interest than her other toys . If you have a cat that is easily bored with toys , and you do n't have this , do yourself both a favor and give it a try . It makes you happy to interact with your cat and to see them getting some exercise and hunting practice . For such a cheap little thing cats sure seem to love it .
 The Cat Dancer sends our cat into hyper-drive , having so much fun ! It 's a must-have for playful cats and kittens .
 This is probably our cat 's favorite toy ... well worth the $ 4 or so . It 's cheap because it is simply a thick wire with a couple little cardboard-like pieces on the end . With the spring like nature of the wire , it bounces around and the cat loves to jump after it . Sometimes he will also just play with it on his own and toss it around . Would reccomend , especially for the price . Our cat enjoys this more than some of the `` fancier '' toys we have bought him .
 This is the cheapest most home-made looking cat toy I 've ever bought . . and yet it 's the only toy that is capable of keeping my cat entertained for more than a minute at a time . She loves this thing . Definitely count on having to play with your cat actively with it though . Yes , it looks cheap . It 's some rotating cardboard tubes attached to wire . But , something about it makes my cat go nuts on it more so than any other toy I 've got her . We play with it for 10-15minutes every day and she never gets bored of it so long as I 'm actively playing with her using it . Good exercise for her too !
 The Dancer wire - although simple and inexpensive is great - our cats over the last 10 years have all loved it . Hours of entertainment for both our cats and ourselves watching them . One of most loved toys - easy to use - it moves / dances in such a way that the cats find it irresistable - they have to get it ! The best $ 2 ever spent for our animals !
 Like all the other reviewers , opened the package and was not impressed . Held it out and my cat went bonkers . She is spoiled and snooty and very unappreciative of all the high priced stuff I 've crammed into our home . This goofy thing makes her ecstatic . I do n't know what it is . Maybe the wire is n't so visible so she thinks she 's really chasing a dragon fly ? A cardboard dragon fly ? She sits in front of the closet and actually asks for it . She 'll even play with it by herself for a good amount of time when I attach it to something at waist level . It floats and moves around on its own . You have to put it away each time you play however because if your cat carries it off it 's really hard to find again . Best three bucks I 've spent on her .
 One corner of our living room is filled with cat toys of all shapes and sizes ... lots of sponge balls , balls with bells in them , faux fur mice , faux fur mice on faux fur sticks , turbo tracks , fancier turbo tracks and then I bought this Cat Dancer . I must admit - it 's beyond simple and they love it . They chase it and jump and if I did n't get tired so easily , they would be playing with it for longer than they do . I would not leave this toy laying around because it is made of wire and small wads of cardboard . You have to use it to get them to play with it . When the cardboard wears out , the toy will need to be replaced , but it is inexpensive and if you buy it with other items , the shipping would probably be free , so if your cats like it , buy a couple next time.I am going to try and do a short video of them playing with it , especially our big 18 # Lynx Point Siamese/Tabby mix - he 's a riot to watch jumping up to catch it .
 Super entertaining for cats . The motion that this toy makes is tempting to cats and must mimic some insects or other natural prey that they are instinctively driven to go after . It is a little flimsy however -LRB- the metal bends -RRB- and I think if used improperly could really hurt your cat . So be careful and do n't expect it to last much longer than a month .
 Both of my daughters cats love this . They are always ready to play with this toy , and they ca n't get enough of it.I would highly recommend this toy if you have cats . They never seem to tire of it . who would of thought that a simple piece of wire and cardboard could be so much fun .
 This toy is insane . It looks kinda like a piece of trash to me but whatever . I should have realized my cat was a cheapskate when she would rather sleep in a shoe box that fits her perfectly then a comfy cat bed I bought a while back . I just pretend to hit her with this `` toy '' and she goes crazy , rolling on her back , jumping to try and catch it , its crazy how amused she is with this !! Wish I could come up with a toy that costs 10cents to make and become rich : P
 I do n't write a lot of reviews but this product had encouraged me . It 's amazing . I purchased a half dozen toys for my three cats from amazon . Other than the powerful catnip banana and apples , this is their favorite toy . Even when we are not using it , they sit and stare at it . As if it 'll move on it 's own . The toy rather ticks them off , but in a great way . They all want to be the first to `` catch '' it . When they ca n't , they try even harder . Great , great cat entertainment . My only complaint is how I do n't know how to store it when it 's not in use .
 an inexpensive inter-active toy for your cats . It moves erratically when using it , so it keep the cat 's interest . Our 3 kitten/cats -LRB- all under 10 months old -RRB- love it . Gave 4 stars because after a half hour or more of play , it bothers our fingers . Would prefer to have some sort of handle on it , but for the price , you ca n't go wrong .
 I do n't ever write reviews for products but this toy is really something special . I opened this toy and laughed ... it 's very minimal , essentially just a piece of wire with rolled cardboard at the ends . However my cats -LRB- ages 6 and 7 -RRB- go INSANE when this toy comes out . They absolutely LOVE it and it has become the perfect solution for exercising two relatively lazy babies and I get a kick out of playing with them as well . I am going to buy more of these for my cats when the one we have wears out as well and purchase one for every one of my friends because every cat should have one of these .
 This simple device provides hours of interaction and exercise for my high maintenance rescue kitty . I do n't know what the `` woody '' part is made from , but it stands up to the fiercest claws and teeth !
 This is a fun and inexpensive item -LRB- wish I thought of it -RRB- ! Just got it today and our 8 month old cat wore himself out playing with it . I stuck one end in a drawer and he played with it constantly -LRB- kept him out of mischief for awhile -RRB- . Had to put it away for fear he was getting too much exercise -LRB- it is his nap time after all -RRB- . Highly recommended !
 My cat , Pippin , loves this toy . He even plays with it by himself and runs in circles . It is funny that such a simple toy can be so fun for a cat . The only reason I am giving this toy 4 instead of 5 stars is that the little cardboard pieces on the wire get chewed off easily by my cat .
 This is a simple toy , and initially I was concerned it was n't safe , but after inspecting it carefully , there are no sharp or loose ends on the wire , and the cardboard is attached pretty securely . The cats do enjoy it , but one of them gets very aggressive in play , and I find the wire a little too short -- we have to extend our arms to hold it as far away from us as possible , and that detracts from the play value for us . Who wants to sit or stand for 5 or 10 minutes with your arm extended full out , watching carefully to make sure you 're not accidentally attacked during play ? If you have a cat who does n't go into Ninja mode , then this is probably perfect for you ! We also ordered the Cat Charmer -- one of my cats adores this , the other one will play with it sometimes . However , the must-have toy is Da Bird ! When my cats hear the hall closet door open , they go into alert mode ... when they hear the snick of da bird being moved , they 're both leaping over buildings to get to whomever has that toy !! That ALWAYS engages both of them into gymnastics mode ! That is saying something for 20 + lb . fatty , let me tell you ! He is a persnickety Garfield-type cat , however , he is in LOVE with Da Bird and will play for a good 15 minutes , feel the need to take a breather and let his smaller brother take over , then after his break , will monopolize the toy once again . Back to Cat Dancer , this is a nice toy to have in your cat 's toy chest for a little variety .
 ... my cats simply LOVE it ! The moment I unwrapped the cat dancer , they were fighting over who would get to play with it , and it has n't changed to this day ! Whenever I come home from work , one of my cats will carry the cat dancer to me in her mouth , then sit there and meow until I pick it up and play with her . I know , the idea sounds pretty simple - some pieces of cardboard on a piece of wire - but believe me , it is a very effective toy . It 's also very easy to use , you basically just have to sit there and wiggle it around a little , and the cats will go nuts . I am buying more cat dancers for all of my friends with cats and more for my own household ! Would definitely recommend - 5 stars !
 Its a silly little thing but the cat would not stop playing with it ! She was much more amused by this than her fancier toys and in the end I had to distract her so i could stash the toy behind the sofa.If you are on the fence on whether or not to get this - get it . Its an oldie but a goodie .
 I volunteer at the ASPCA and I have used this to play with dozens of cats . Almost every one loved it , even if they were not interested in playing with any other toys -LRB- and the few who were n't interested in this were n't interested in playing with any other toys either -RRB- . Something about the motion is just irresistible to them . The cat dancer also requires a lot less activity on the part of the person , since you do n't have to wave it around .
 My cat LOVED this toy , and he hates all toys . The only thing he really liked before this toy was cardboard boxes .
 I recently bought this based on the reviews and was not disappointed . Both of my cats -LRB- age 1 -RRB- went crazy from the moment I took it out of the package . It 's such a simple , yet effective toy . In fact , I 've never seen either cat get so excited , nor jump as high as they have for this toy . I plan to buy 3 more this Christmas for family members with cats .
 MY CATS LOVE THIS . THIS IS PROBABLY THE CHEAPEST TOY I HAVE EVER PURCHASED & MY CATS LOVE IT . I WOULD RECOMMEND THIS .
 The Cat Dancer is a big hit in our family . We have 5 cats . One is a stumpy Manx , 3 are Japanese Bobtails and 1 a SPCA special girl . They all love the Cat Dancer . I wear out before they do . I would advise it for anyone who wants to see their cats enjoy themselves . I would advise anyone with more than 1 cat to buy 2 and use them both at the same time . Also , put them well out of reach . Ours is in the linen closet and they stand outside the door and beg for it .
 I have had two cats and both have loved this toy . It 's crazy because its so simple . The price is really great , I 've paid a lot more for toys my cats bat around for a day and then ignore . My guys have loved the cat dancer and whenever a friend gets a new cat , I 'm sure to pick one up as a gift .
 I guess it 's the random movement of the wire that make this incredibly simple invention so irresistible to cats . it truly does mimic the movement of some small flying creature . It 's virtually indestructible , only wearing out when the little cardboard bits at the business end have been destroyed . Paws down , this is by far the favorite toy in the toybox .
 Such a silly , cheap little toy ... my kitty loves it ! He usually loses interest in toys after a few days , but after a few weeks , he continues to be excited by this toy .
 I was really skeptical when I saw this toy in the store , but since I had read good reviews on here and it was on sale for $ 1.50 , I decided to buy it . My 3.5 year old Siamese cat has always enjoyed toys , but I have n't seen him get this excited about a toy since he was a kitten . He gets annoyed with me if I put it away and he 's not done playing with it . He even jumps up to try to catch it which he does n't do anymore when I try to get him to play with the sticks with the feathers on the end -LRB- which he loved when he was still a kitten -RRB- . I just adopted an 8-week-old siamese mix who also loves it . If anything ever happens to this toy , I 'll definitely be buying a replacement , which I ca n't say for a lot of the other cat toys that I 've bought . Definitely worth every penny !
 The best cat toys are usually not even cat toys , like a toilet paper roll or a cardboard box.This toy is in the same category . It does n't look like anything special but darn if it is n't something that must be captured and destroyed . It never gets old.The Cat Dancer is as effective as it is inexpensive . Just get it .
 The cats at our humane society have it nice and are constantly surrounded by toys of all descriptions , but open the toy cupboard and they all watch , waiting to see if you are pulling out the Cat Dancer . As soon as they notice you have it -LRB- i.e. , instantly -RRB- , you are mobbed by cats ! Even the shy ones sneak out to bat at it . The Cat Dancer is the only toy I have never seen the cats tire of . We put it away when not in use because the wire could potential be dangerous , but overall this is the perfect toy . It holds up surprisingly well , too .
 I have never met a cat who did n't LOVE this toy . It had out 16 year old doing back flips to catch this . The `` boys '' also carry it around the house in their mouths so that it 's always close by . You never know when it might attack !
 I was searching for a cat toy that both my cats would enjoy . After seeing all of the great reviews for the Cat Dancer I thought I would give it a try . Absolutely amazing !!! They both went nuts over it ! One of my cats is n't as active and I had her `` dancing '' all over the place ! She even cut in front of her sister to get to this toy which is unheard of for her . We purchased another one so both my husband and I can play individually with each cat . We keep them in the pantry and every time they hear the pantry doors open they come running ! ;-RRB- My hat 's off to the inventor of this great little toy !
 My cats love this toy ! They 'll play for hours and not get bored . Best toy I 've purchased in a while .
 I just bought two of these cat dancer products from Amazon for use with our six house cats -LRB- 4 girls and 2 boys -RRB- . The reviews on Amazon were spot on.This thing is simply a bouncy piece of wire with three cardboard pieces attached to one end and one on the other end . Apparently there is some cat nip oil in the cardboard thus , the extra love the cat shows for this thing . There is plenty of play in the wire with just a simple touch and the cats never know where the toy will end up - here , there , everywhere . It allows them to play alone or together . They even watch each other playing and seem to have fun from a distance . We can play with them or we attach the wire to spots around our house -LRB- in the crevice of the stairs , in the crevice of our bookcase in the den , etc. -RRB- and they stumble upon the cat dancer toy and it 's off to the races - 10 minutes of non-stop smacking , pawing , jumping , twisting and obviously , cat bliss.We will be ordering more of these as they are a hit . A few dollars and the cats are entertained with or without you . Do n't spend big bucks on the other gimmicky toys - they are played with for two seconds and never enjoyed again . This one will be different.Get it - you -LRB- or should I say the furry beasts -RRB- will be happy you did .
 As a cat `` MOM '' on a budget , yet still wanting to `` spoil '' the `` kids '' , it 's a deflating feeling when you spend your hard earned money on a toy , anticipate coming home and making your cats happy , only to present the new toy and have them look up at you as if to say , '' What do you want me to do with this ? `` This toy will not disappoint . All 4 of my cats are really enjoying this toy . And the price can not be beat.A word of caution though , as other reviewers have mentioned , you might want to consider not leaving this out when you are not around as it could present a danger if your cat chews through the cardboard and gets to the wire portion of the toy .
 Such a simple design but gives hours of fun for my cats . They like it so much that they will drag it to me to get the playtime started . Every cat should have one of these toys !
 This toy is so simple . It is just a few pieces of cardboard attached to a wire . I have a very shy kitten that I am fostering at the moment and this is one of the few toys that gets out from under the bed ! I am very pleased with my purchase.I think cats like the way the wire causes to toy to move in unpredictable ways .
 For some unknown reason . It really is just a piece of catnip flavored cardboard on the end of a long flexible wire , but they have a great time batting it around and trying to catch it as it bobs . I am planning to replace the cardboard when the cats finally do it in -LRB- and they definitely will -RRB- , but it 's not a bad investment for the price .
 I have a young cat with seemingly endless energy . This toy is great for running out some of that excess energy and he absolutely loves to play with this . It 's an inexpensive toy -LRB- which is good because I replace it often -RRB- , but one of the best I 've found .
 Our 3 1/2 month old Bengal kitten likes this today . It keeps him busy for a little while but he prefers Da Bird . Also , this toy is steel wire which tends to bounce too much and smacks him in the face .
 Time to buy a new one , as I pulled it out after a while and it 's 5 + years old , they all loved and went crazy for it . I think there 's a bit of a learning curve on the human 's part to use it correctly . The love it in the air or on the ground , just be patient and learn how to control it . This toy is great as you can try and hold it very still , but it 's on a wire so there 's always some movement and that 's part of what makes them go crazy for it , before the full on chase . Ingenious design , cheap and versatile . PRACTICE ! Turn the wire upside down so you can flutter it like a bug.Cats are very different , so I would n't post a negative review of any cat toy just because my cat did n't like . We have some that love one , but the other could n't care less . This one , they all love and it 's a bit more than a can of good can food so why not ?
 It took me a little while to get the hang of making this toy jump , but my cats love it . It 's cheap and simply made , but it is very effective . If I can figure out a way to anchor one end down , I think the cats would get more enjoyment out of it , as they could play when they wanted to . The only negative is the wire is unpredictable and , occasionally , it bonks the cats in the face . I still think it was worth the money -LRB- and I bought 4 so I 'd have backups when they eventually eat the cardboard spindles -RRB- . If you really want to entertain your cats , however , I can not recommend highly enoughDa Bird .
 This may look like it 's not much , but all three of my cats love it . None of them are kittens , but they chase it around as if they still are . One of them starts loudly meowing at me everynight at dinner , because he wants to play with it . He wo n't shut up until we 're playing . I do n't care if it is just a little wire and cardboard , It 's worth the price for sure !
 I hesitated to buy this because it seemed so simple , but finally gave in . It is absolutely my cats ' favorite toy . Now have kittens and they love it , too . It 's cheap - buy it , it will provide hours of entertainment .
 For our late cat , I got one of these and left it out . Wrong idea . She got bored with it . The vacuum frequently got tangled in it.We now have a mother cat and four six month old kittens . We keep it in a drawer when not playing with them . When I pull it out , they all love it . The more athletic , high-jumping cats -LRB- mother and son -RRB- will race around and jump high , catch it in their paws , and transfer it to their mouth . The brainier cats like to plan special attacks on it and pounce on it as I make it move about lazily . They all play with it a bit differently but they all play with it.I think the main trick is to make it move like a fly or a moth . Flies and moths bang against walls and windows . They land . They fly off .
 My cats absolutely LOVE this toy and I would have given it 5 stars if not for the fact that using it is a pain ... you ca n't control where it goes and it bounces around randomly ... although that 's probably why they love it !
 Our 18-month-old cat ADORES this toy , which is pretty much like a guitar string with a piece of cardboard attached . He will come get us and cry until we take it out for him . We started putting it on top of the fridge when we wanted a break , and he saw us and figured out how to jump up there to get it . He loves it THAT much . It seems to be holding up really well , too . We put it away when we are tired ; he could go on forever.In contrast , we got him one of those round plastic toys about the size of a plate , with balls inside a track . It cost about 10 times more than this one . He * will * play with that -LRB- if this one is not out -RRB- , but he gets bored with it very quickly . We do n't know if he thinks this $ 2 toy is a bug or what , but he could honestly play with it all day.With that in mind , our older cat -LRB- 7 years -RRB- is a bit more blase , but he 's not a big toy-player in general.The wire makes it bob up and down by itsef , so the only input you need to have is holding on to one end of it . Good to use while you 're watching TV . Worth every penny and then some .
 I bought it for my cat for Christmas , ended up giving it to her early haha . Anyway , at first she did n't really know what to do with it , until we secured it onto the inside of a cabinet door . Now she plays with it for hours on end , never getting bored . She seems to prefer it secured and still rather than having us hold it and play with her .
 So simple , but so effective . My cat is 11 , overweight , and not interested in any other toys - the most exertion he 's willing to put out on an average day is strolling from one sunspot to another for naps . Catnip mice , wire balls with bells - he 's not interested . Even the laser pointer can only hold his attention for a moment . But one flick of the cat dancer and he goes ballistic . It 's hilarious - he 'll even do the occasional flip . I think there 's something insect-like and unpredictable about the movement , and because the wire requires almost no hand movement to manipulate , he does n't realize I 'm controlling it the way he does with more traditional fishing-pole style cat toys.I have hopes to get him down to a healthy weight yet with this toy . Highly recommended . -LRB- I 've also used it with foster cats and kittens , and they react with the same wild enthusiasm - it 's just most impressive coming from my pudgy , middle-aged nap cat . -RRB-
 You may be thinking &#34; I ca n't believe I 'm going to pay for this wire and bits of cardboard &#34; , but just do it . My cat goes nuts for this toy . The wire is wiggly and the cardboard is so tempting . My cat plays with this with me , or even by herself . I bought a second one for when the first one wears out .
 best cheapest toy that ALL my cats loves playing with , EVEN if i dont wave it around they 'll play with it on their own , even 2 at the same time !
 There are lots of really nice things about this simple cat toy
 Both my kittens love this toy . It 's so simple , yet so darn effective ! I guess you could make this yourself , but if you do n't want to , it 's definitely a successful toy !
 Cute and interactive . My cat plays with it as long as I am playing with him . It 's good for a while though , and you have to hide it until it 's interesting again .
 Quite simply the best cat toy in my repertoire . I have literally never introduced this to a cat who did n't instantly love it.Yes , it 's simple . Yes it really is just wire and cardboard . But whatever it is - the erratic nature of the movements , the sound it makes as it crawls along a wall - lights a fire under a cat like nothing I 've ever seen.Some of the one-star reviews have some horrific safety stories , but I personally have never encountered and problems . Sometimes my cats will get whapped in the face , and one of my cats likes to actually bite the thing which causes him to occasionally snag a tooth for half a second . But there have been zero injuries among the many cats I 've given this too and I have no qualms about continuing to use it.The key is to treat the lure like a bug and/or a mouse . Make it run across the floor -LRB- complete with skittering noises -RRB- , make it hide in a bag or a box , make it scamper up a wall , and swish it so that it flys in the air all erratically . The thing naturally has its own movements and sway even if you 're holding it still . All of this leads to great fun and , perhaps more importantly , to the human controller to not be in full control of it . This makes it a sort of game for you as well in that you have to learn how to navigate it across a floor , around obstacles , etc. . You ca n't always beat your cat at the chase game with this because you do n't always know where it will end up . I think this makes it a LOT more interesting for the cat because they 're able to catch it when they hunt it well , not just when you want them to catch it.I 'm not going to downplay the safety issue - if what some people say is true then this can be potentially lethal . But any toy with a long ribbon or similar can be as well . You just have to play a bit differently , you have to let the toy take on the role of prey and not just wave it around like a madman -LRB- though in all honesty sometimes that works , too -RRB- . This toy taps into a cat 's instincts but only if you understand that is what it 's doing.This is by far my cats ' favorite toy . One of them even plays with it by himself ; he 'll sit on one end and bat at the other or lodge it under the door so he can paw at it . I routinely find him just sitting in the middle of the floor on top his Cat Dancer , either trying to get it to move on his own or waiting for me to pick it up and play . And the mere sound of it scratching the floor or wall brings both of them running like nothing else.It may be just a wire and some cardboard but it truly is my # 1 recommended toy .
 I have a really rambunctious black and white Maine Coon-ish mix . Like many black and white cats , she is really crazy , has a big personality and gets board easily . I admit that we have spoiled her in a totally weird cat lady-way . Anyway , she bores easily . If my boyfriend is around , he plays with her on the drop of the hat . I am not as tolerant.I love her so much , but my life ca n't revolve around when she wants to chase a string , so she 'll meow when she is bored . She also has a sister to play with , but it 's about the attention . This is intensely irritating because I work from home , and she has access to my office . She likes to come in and get mad at me for not playing and then knock over my pictures of family members and kick books . I really get mad at her . Enter this dancing cardboard contraption and my cat loves it . It 's so quick that it tires her out and when you attach it to different things , it will sway and move and stick . Endless hours of cat fun . Just make sure that you order them in bulk . They break easily .
 Length :
 Length :
 My kitties are 5 years old , and I wish I had discovered this years ago . They absolutely LOVE it ! For almost an hour they were trying to catch it , and I only stopped because I got tired . I would highly recommend this to any cat owner .
 I 've found that the commonest , and least attractive looking toys -LRB- to humans -RRB- have been those most beloved by my cats . The Cat Dancer is a perfect example . This toy truly does move and appear exactly like a fluttering butterfly agily swooping out of reach of my kitty 's paw . Considering every toy I 've ever bought , this one has been the most successful and most entertaining . So simple , so cheap and so enjoyed !
 The Cat Dancer is the best-loved toy for all five of my cats . I think it reminds them of a bug or something , when you fly it around or drag it across the floor . They - never - get tired of it -LRB- even after 3 years of using a Cat Dancer -RRB- . The Cat Dancer is cheap , long lasting , and very entertaining to watch . If you have a chewing cat , they will probably destroy it faster but we have had them last well over a year . One of our cats almost does a flip when she is chasing it and you withdraw it over her head quickly . Also , you can use it while doing something else , which is not true for most toys . For example , while you are reading , you can twitch it with the other hand and the cats will romp around your feet .
 Our first cat attacked this before I even got it out of the bag . She loved it . Our new cats chase and attack this with great abandon . They jump , chase , pounce and race to get it . Then there is the `` capture '' . It is a great interactive toy for our pets .
 Length :
 When I first got my kitten , Rooney , I saw the Cat Dancer at the store and thought I 'd give it a try . Little did I know what was in store for Rooney and I . He went absolutely crazy for it . When I was n't wiggling `` the Thing '' for him , he was carrying it around with him everywhere . When I woke up in the mornings it was on the bed along side me , with a patiently waiting cat staring at me , willing me to wiggle it . Most mornings it would be on the bath mat when I got out of the shower and Rooney would be there waiting . If I moved it to vacuum the carpet he would come running from whatever room he was in because he knew the Thing was in action . In the first two years we probably went through 20 of these things because he was CONSTANTLY playing with them and they would just wear out.Rooney is almost thirteen years old now . He STILL loves the Thing . I STILL find it on the bath mat and on the bed . Granted , most of his time now is spent napping with it and when I wiggle the Thing he does n't chase it as much as bat at it or flop over and let it get him . But his purr is loud and happy and that 's all you really need a cat toy to do , right ?
 When I opened the package for the Cat Dancer , I could n't even UNWIND the stupid toy before BOTH of my cats attacked it . It holds interest like nothing I 've seen before . I have spent tons of money on toys , but this one -LRB- that cost nothing ! -RRB- is by far the household favorite.I have n't heard my kittens actually CHIRP at a toy before this one ! It 's adorable.At one point , one cat was playing with one end and left the other dangling , and the other cat started playing with that end!BUY . THIS . TOY . It 's so simple . Well played , Cat Dancer , well played .
 I love this toy ! And I did n't even buy it !!! Based on the 5 star review & product description by velvet marmoset , I constructed my own cat dancer . I used a length of wire I already had and cut up some paper straws for the ends . I poked holes in the straws , ran the wire through one for the handle and 3 for the opposite end , and was very careful to tuck the sharp ends of the wire back inside the straws . So easy - and my cat goes NUTSSS !!! LOVE LOVE LOOOOVE !!! Great invention !
 My kitties love it ! It is right up there with the laser pointer ! Sure its just a wire and cardboard , but you know you wo n't take the time to make it yourself so just pay the 3 bucks . Your cats probably wo n't be able to resist .
 We have a kitten that we ca n't get to play with toys . I tried everything . This one is finally it ! She loves it .
 We have purchased this cat toy many times . She plays with this day after day and never seems to get tired of it . We have purchased many of these because she plays so hard with this that the ends come apart . Highly recommend this toy for cats .
 This time , I bought two . I bought one the first time and my cats had to take turns playing with them . Another low-overhead , high-productivity invention . My cats LOVE this toy . It is so comfortable for me because I do n't have to move it around . All I do is straighten the wire a bit , turn it upside down so the end is facing up , and let the cats swat at it all day . They like the bouncing up action and I think it reminds them of a flying bug because my one cat starts clinking his teeth together and that means he 's ready to attack some prey . I believe their verticals have improved about 12 '' since we 've purchased this toy . For such a low price , this is the only toy you need - ever - for an interactive playtime that will exhaust your cat until he gives up and slumps down to a deep sleep .
 Too funny . My usually blase big guy is enjoying playing for extended periods , is playing in ways I did n't expect -LRB- he bounces it to the ground like a ball -RRB- . He watches to see where I put it away and then goes to get it by himself ... Will sit there until I play with it again with him . This is a first for anything other than sitting where I keep his comb when he wants to be groomed , or the shelf where his treats are ; never for a toy .
 This is the stupidest toy ever . It probably costs all of 3 cents to make . And my cats are totally addicted to it . Go figure !
 All my katz and those needing socializing love the Cat Dancer ! I keep it hanging out for them -LRB- closed in between drawers -RRB- so they can swat at it whenever they like . They are continuously playing and loving this toy . Great for socializing shy or feral kitties as well . Great buy for the money.J & Katz
 Great toy that entertains my cats ! The simple design and unpredictable movements keeps my cats guessing . They really have a great time with this toy .
 My cat is in love with this thing . For the 3 or so dollars I paid for this , I could n't be happier.A trick is to clip the end that you normally hold to something elevated , and they will entertain themselves with it.Couldn ' t be happier with this toy !
 My cat absolutely loves this toy . I could n't believe how much she was interested in the little pieces ! As I noted after another post , once the little pieces got destroyed we attached another small cat toy to the end and she still got some enjoyment out of it .
 It took my cat a little while to warm up to this -LRB- though she was interested the very FIRST time she saw it -RRB- -- = now she loves it . This 13lb , 12-year-old cat 's typical idea of play is to lie on her side and bat at a string dangling in the air . The cat charmer is designed that , with effortless movements , it really WILL charm your cat !
 As new cat owners , my husband and I have spent a lot of money buying various toys for our two 4 month old kittens . Although they 've at least mildly approved of most of the toys , this , the cheapest of all , is their ABSOLUTE favorite . They both LOVE it . All they need is a glimpse of the wire and they both race over , eyes glued to the cardboard rolls , eager to catch their prey . We 've witnessed some amazing leaps and flips from both of our cats through the use of this product . They basically REQUIRE a play session with their Cat Dancer every day , or they are not pleased.One word of caution - the wire , which is tucked in the cardboard , came out in our toy and scratched one of our kitten 's gums . My husband was able to fix the problem , and we are definitely still using the toy , and plan to buy another when our cats have destroyed this one . Just make sure that you monitor the end wire and make sure it 's not poking out.In conclusion , GET . IT . Cats can be so picky over toys , but this one is around $ 3 , so you do n't have much to lose , and you may have endless hours of entertainment -LRB- for both you and your cats -RRB- to gain . : -RRB-
 This is the best cat toy . Our kitty loves absolutely loves it and will carry around like a dog would carry around a bone . By far his favorite toy ! It is really a very simple toy but it is the only one that has ever kept his interest . -LRB- besides the laser pointer ! -RRB- I have tried other toys that you dangle for him and he gives me strange looks , this is really the only toy that he attacks . So funny to watch .
 My sister-in-law gave us this several house cats ago . I started with regular mutt cats , but ended up with a part-Persian , and have had full Persians ever since . No matter the pedigree or laziness of the cat , they have all loved this.The wire is piano wire , I have been told . The original cardboard ends died long ago , so we just put little squares of cardboard box on the ends , and it just keeps going . I had a couple years where it did not get played with much while my previous two cats were old and sick , but now it is back out for a new kitten . I stick one end firmly in the folds of a recliner next to me while I am working on the computer , and all I have to do is poke it once and a while . Hours of entertainment for her , and I am able to work somewhat undisturbed by kitten hyper-ness for a while . I do not leave it out when I am not around -LRB- nor any other wire or string type toy -RRB- because I have had enough experience with cats to know that they are more imaginative eaters than most people realize . If this toy is ever fully destroyed , I would get another one , but it seems indestructible .
 It 's hard to believe that a wire with rolled up paper will be so popular , but we have a lot of great toys , and they get tired of all of them . However , whenever I get the cat dancer they go crazy!It 's by far the toy they love the most . It makes me happy to see how excited they get.It 's starting to wear out a bit but I would n't mind buying a new one when the time comes . It 's really cheap and it makes them really happy .
 Our Cat never gets tired of this thing ! I am lazy , and it moves with a small twitch without me moving my lazy self too much after a long day , endless entertainment for our cat and for us !
 Of all the money I 've spent on cat toys , this is by far the favorite in my household . I was sceptical that it would be even played with just looking at a plain piece of wire with cardboard pieces on the end of it . However , my cats play with this so much that I have to put it away . They know which cabinet I put it in and get WILD when they know its play time . They chatter at it , play cat acrobatics and chase it around with minimal effort on my end . I have a wall attachment that came with mine to hang it on the wall for them and that works very nicely , except I do n't leave it out unsupervised - too much fun and a kitten that does n't know when to stop -LRB- the first day he played with it for an hour straight and was VERY tired -RRB- . I am also worried that they would eat the cardboard pieces off , so just do n't leave it out all of the time . I have n't found another toy yet that entertains my cats as much as this one!Strongly recommend you try this toy !
 As a new cat owner , I am constantly looking for something NEW ... I have spent many dollars and the cat toy basket is full of toys that are n't `` interesting '' ... BUT this crazy little toy was a hit from the moment it came out of the package.I 'm going to get a few more to have on reserve !
 Who knew a piece of chicken wire with a piece of cardboard laced into it would entertain a cat for hours . Props to the guy who invented this , probably a billionaire by now .
 This is a simple and easy way to amuse your cats . You can play with them with it , but I like to put it around the wood post on their kitty condo and let them go at it .
 Really bought to see if it is as good as everyone says , it is , our kitten is in love with it !
 I have yet to meet a cat that does n't flip - literally - over this toy . I bought several and gave them to friends and their cats love it , as well . Only suggestion I have for manufacturer is to make a much larger handle for the user to grip .
 Simplest design you can imagine that cats simply can not stop playing with . They will jump and chase this toy until they are heavily panting . When the cardboard pieces on the end get chewed off then please discard this toy so that the curled wire tip does n't hurt your kitty 's mouth . Additionally , do not let small children use this with your cat as they could rip it out of the cat 's mouth and cause pain .
 After reading the reviews on here , I was prepared to get a cheaply made product that my cat will probably forget about in 30 seconds . I bought it anyways , because hey it 's cheap . I did not expect my cat to respond the way he did , because he has never been that way with a toy before . He LOVED It . The way it bounces makes him go crazy and he chases it up the wall . How could I have predicted something so cheap would work better than any other toy I 've ever bought for him ? 5/5
 This is a fantastic toy . My cat Loves Loves Loves it . You dont even have to hold it , just put it in a draw or under the closet door and its hours of fun !
 I have a few cats over the years and no matter what age or activity level , none of my cats were able to resist playing with this toy . Sometimes the simplest toys are really the best .
 This is my kitten 's favorite cat toy , and probably the least expensive one I got for him . It is easy to play with for the human -LRB- you just hold it and it moves like crazy when the kitten swipes at it -RRB- , and a ton of fun for the kitten , as it moves like crazy after the most minimal swat by the kitten . I was a little worried about it being unsafe for my small kids to use -LRB- looks like it could easily whack the holder , an innocent bystander or the kitten , in the eye -RRB- , but so far no one has been injured .
 It 's true that this is just cardboard on a wire , but I 've never seen my cat go crazier about a toy . Usually he 's slow to chase toys and gets tired of them easily , but this one grabs his attention immediately and keeps him busy for as long as I 'm willing to play .
 Hi ! I have two lazy cats that lay around and watch me workout . Well , I bought this kind of as a joke for my husband because I thought it looked silly and it was cheap . I did n't get it fully out of the package before my kitties were trying to catch it ! I have wrapped one end around the back of a kitchen chair and they play with it frequently throughout the day!The only drawback is that the wire is wrapped around some sort of wood and I have a cat with pica -LRB- he chews everything all the time -RRB- and he has chewed the wood a bit . But , for this price , I can buy another one ! : -RRB-
 I spent all this money on fancy cat toys and it 's this little piece of wire with cardboard on the end of it that she goes nuts over . Go figure .
 Whoever designed this toy is a genius ! My cats go crazy over this toy . Even my cats who hate toys loved this thing . I know it sounds like a commercial , but this toy has given my cats hours of fun . The toy is made of just a wire with a small stick on one end and a cluster of sticks on the other end of the wire . You make it `` work '' by twirling or wiggling the handle stick to make the cluster of sticks flit around . I do n't know what it is about this toy that my cats love , but I wonder if it is because the shadows that it makes . The shadows look almost like bugs or even butterflies.When we 're done playing with the toy I have to put it away because I do n't trust my cats to keep from chewing off the paper parts .
 This toy is so basic , yet it is the best toy my kitten has ever seen . Hours of fun for you and your cat . At 3.01 , it is a steal .
 This is the perfect cat toy . It is compact , inexpensive , and the cats love it . We have four cats , each of whom have different tastes in toys , but all of them love this one . Our more acrobatic cats like it when we make it flail around in the air , which can be done with a twitch of the wrist , making this ideal for lazy humans with energetic cats . Our lazy cats like it when the toy is wiggling along the floor . I only ordered one of these at first but I am going to get a few more .
 As others have said , this toy is simplicity itself
